<h> Monday, July 30, 2012
<p> Healthy Skin is a concern for some people. There are many different ways to achieve healthy skin beyond maintaining a healthy lifestyle. Some of these skin care techniques can be incredibly expensive and hard to maintain. There are sometimes less expensive alternatives or ways to find discounts that can soften the impact of spending money on beauty products.
<p> Healthy FoodThe appearance of the skin is affected by the type of foods that are eaten. The most inexpensive foods like processed meats and refined carbohydrates can cause acne or redness. Healthy skin requires healthy food. The healthiest choices are often very expensive. Some of these costs can be offset by searching for store coupons, checking in-store discount racks and by looking for manufacturer rebates. Even lettuce growers sometimes offer a small amount of cash back for loyal customers who are willing to wait for the savings.
<p> Skin Care ProductsSome beauty products that make a visible difference to the skin can cost hundreds of dollars for a fraction of an ounce. Some skin care systems are even more expensive and require daily use for months. Products that are sold at certain retailers can be purchased for less using the financial rewards from credit card programs. Discounts for skin care products can be found in two places. The actual store that is selling the product might have coupons or weekend specials. The manufacturer of the product line might also provide coupons. This is especially true for new products that are just hitting the shelves.
<p> Skin TreatmentsThere are many well-known skin treatments like microdermabrasion, laser treatments and chemical peels that are intended to either increase collagen or grow new skin. These can be very effective but are also incredibly costly. The manufacturers of the devices that are used for these procedures often want to introduce new customers to the treatment. There are various introductory offers that can be used to get large discounts on different types of procedures. The manufacturers frequently offer these discounts directly to any person who is willing to ask for them. Doctors might offer discounts through coupons in local publications.
<p> VitaminsVitamins and A, D and C are all important for healthy skin and collagen production. Some healthy skin vitamins have a premium price attached. It can help to compare credit cards in order to see if retail discounts can be earned through a rewards program that can lower the price. Another reality is that all vitamins are basically the same once extracted. Less expensive generic vitamin mixtures will be just as effective. Searching for different retailers can also help because some stores offer regular discounts or other perks such as loyalty programs that can reduce costs over time.
<p> It is important to look for discounts in the most unlikely places when buying items for skin care. This can include generic offers from an affiliate, cash back from credit cards and bulk purchasing discounts for frequently used products. It can also help to constantly look for items that have the same properties but that on clearance. Aggressively searching for discounts can help to reduce the price of maintaining healthy skin.
<h> Sunday, July 29, 2012
<p> If you're looking to meet a new special someone in your life, I have just the dating site for you!
<p> Dating Mashup is a free unique dating website that is dedicated to helping you find that special someone for whom you have an "international attraction." It targets certain locations that you're looking for.
<p> This would be a wonderful resource for helping you find that Latin lover or European cutie that you've had your eye on. Don't worry that Southern special someone is out there for you too. Of course their accent isn't too shabby either! Dating can be hard enough, but finding an exact personality match of someone that you're looking for is easy with DatingMashup.
<p> What sort of first dates do you like to have? My boyfriend and I's first date (many years ago now!) was coffee at Starbucks. I always think it's a good choice to have a low key first date and just spend time getting to know each other. Save the crazy outings for another date in the future.
<p> 10 tips for a great first date:
<p> 1. Pay
<p> Pay for everything. Don’t mention splitting the bill. If the lady suggests paying part of the bill do not accept the offer. If she insists, allow her to pay what she wishes (this is not just a rule for dating). You will be the best judge at the time whether your date is only insisting because she feels obliged.
<p> 2. Location
<p> No movies on the first date. How can you get to know each other if you spend the majority of the time in silence? I would recommend taking your date out for dinner (no lunch dates on the first date either). Take her somewhere you feel comfortable and somewhere you can easily afford. You don’t want to be nervous all through the date that you might get stuck with a crippling bill. If price is a big concern for you, you can organize your own date in a public place (like a park or even at your own home) and prepare the meal yourself. If you can’t cook, takeaways are fine, but serve it on plates at the table and try to make an effort.
<p> I would also suggest that you not go too overboard with the first date. Keep it simple and moderately priced. You can get extravagent on subsequent dates if things go well.
<p> 3. Manners
<p> First off, if you are going to dinner, read the Rules for Fine Dining list; try to remember at least one or two. When you pick up your date, get out of the car and hold the door open for her. Do the same when you are letting her out of the car. If you are dining out for your first date, hold the chair out for your date and help her sit.
<p> Don’t be late.
<p> 4. Respect
<p> That means not to expect anything in return! A date is not payment for future pleasures, it is a way to get to know someone to gauge compatibility. This rule also means you should not try to get your date drunk, drugged, or compromised in any other way. At the end of the date you can offer a small kiss – offer nothing else and expecting nothing back.
<p> 5. Confidence
<p> Be confident and take charge of the evening. This does not mean you should drag your date around by the arm; be firm with your suggestions and be confident that you will have a good date and make a good impression – remember, if you were a total loser you wouldn’t be on the date in the first place.
<p> 6. Grooming
<p> Dress appropriately for your date, and you should probably let your date know where you are planning to take her in advance so she can also dress appropriately. If you are going to the beach for a seaside dinner, dress nicely (no jeans) but don’t overdress. Similarly, if you are going to a fancy restaurant, wear a shirt and tie. Make sure your shoes are clean and polished if necessary.
<p> Shower. Shampoo. Shave. If you have cologne, wear a little but not too much.
<p> 7. Conversation
<p> Do not focus on yourself during the evening – ask your date questions about herself (this works in all social situations). Listen to the replies too and don’t just look for an opening to start discussing yourself. Do not talk about your job for more than a few minutes – while our own work is a fascinating subject for us, it is seldom fascinating for someone else. Be sure to compliment your date – but don’t go overboard – you will seem desperate.
<p> Do not ever talk about dates you have had with other people or your ex-girlfriends.
<p> 8. Timing
<p> Don’t let your date last too long. Think of it like a good meal – you should finish your plate feeling like you want just a little more. This is the best time to finish a date. This also means that you should not plan for the date to be too far from home otherwise the travel can ruin things.
<p> 9. Gifts
<p> It can be a very nice idea to give your date a small gift on the first date. Don’t go crazy on something expensive – just a nice little token like a single rose is fine. Keep in mind where you are going and how you plan to get there so your date does not end up being lumbered with something that she has to carry around all night. Oh – and don’t pick the rose from your dates garden – buy one.
<p> 10. Conclusion
<p> If you enjoyed your time with your date and would like to see her/him again, call them and tell them so. Don’t wait too long (and definitely don’t play hard to get). Be completely honest. Having said that, if you had an awful time, you should still be honest (though not brutal). There is no point in leading someone on – it will end up badly for both of you.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a $25 gift certificate to over 18,000 restaurants of their choice. (Maybe you can even use this on your first date!)
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! )1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 12th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- All thoughts and opinions are solely mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, July 27, 2012
<p> If you regularly work out, it's important to have high quality workout clothes that will last and are comfortable during exercise. Looking stylish while exercise isn't bad either! Soybu is there to keep you looking stylish and trendy while working up a sweat.
<p> Soybu offers eco-friendly work-out and yoga clothes. Whether you need a workout zip up jacket or hoodie, yoga pants, or a work out tank top, Soybu is your exercise headquarters. All of the clothes come in a variety of styles, colors, and patterns.
<p> They blend eco-friendly fibers into their comfortable fabrics to create long-lasting apparel with minimum impact on the environment. While inspiration comes from many sources, they take their cue from the incredible beauty of nature, and will always do their part to be kind to the planet.
<p> I regularly work out and am always looking for new exercise clothes. When I stumbled upon Soybu, I was intrigued. I loved the look of their clothes and also enjoyed that they try to help Planet Earth in the process.
<p> I was sent a Oasis Duo Tank and a pair of Lotus black pants. Both pieces are of high quality and made to last.
<p> I love this outfit. The top is just my style and both pieces match perfectly together. I love the bright pink and yellow paisley pattern featured on the tank. The yellow connecting material underneath is great for concealing anything you don't want shown. There is a built in shelf bra connected inside the tank which is handy. The top fits me well and I like that the fabric is stretchy and moves with you, instead of being very tight and constricting. I've already worn it once and it washes and dries nicely.
<p> The length of the lotus pants are slightly long on me, I might have to get them hemmed. They fit in the waist and legs perfectly. They go well with the Oasis Duo Tank. What I love most about the color black is that it pairs perfectly with practically any color. I can wear these pants with any other tank too. The pants are not tight at all, but feature a stretchy material that works with you. I've washed the pants once as well and they came out looking brand new.
<p> I am very much enjoying my new Soybu workout clothes and look forward to exercising in them more!
<p> One lucky winner will win a workout outfit from Soybu featuring the Balance Tunic Cami in Garden Party print, and the Lotus Pants.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a pair of Lotus Pants and a Balance Tunic Cami in Garden Party print.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> 12. Like Soybu on Facebook for 1 entry (http://www.facebook.com/soybu)
<p> 13. Follow Soybu on Twitter for 1 entry(http://twitter.com/Soybu)
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 12th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I try to make sure that my home is as organized as possible. It drives me insane to have clutter and mess everywhere. I much prefer when everything is put away in its proper place. I am always interested in any new home organization tools or items that will make my life easier. Rubbermaid does a great job of making that a reality for me.
<p> Rubbermaid is a leader in developing innovative, high-quality solutions that help consumers keep their homes in order. Widely recognized and trusted, Rubbermaid designs and markets a full range of home organization, storage and cleaning products to keep the home – including closets, garages, kitchens and outdoor spaces – neat and functional, freeing consumers to enjoy life.
<p> Rubbermaid has been a constant fixture in my life for years. I use their tupperware to store leftovers in the fridge, and I store clothes in their organization tubs when they are for a different season. Rubbermaid is always there to make life as worry-free as possible. For that I am very grateful.
<p> What I love most about Rubbermaid is that they are always creating new products to make their customers' lives stress-free. When I was contacted to review the newest product, the Rubbermaid Lunchblox Kit, I was looking forward to it. I take my lunch to work quite frequently. I am always looking for a way to stop wasting money on zip-loc bags when I am just going to throw them away after using them. It would be nice to have something reusable and durable. I couldn't have been contacted at a better time to review this product.
<p> The kit saves space and stays organized in any lunch bag! The features of this product include: Modular containers snap together in to save space in your lunch bag Kit includes specially designed Blue Ice™ pack that works with LunchBlox containers to keep lunches chilled on the go Containers are perfectly portioned for lunch foods commonly carried away from home Microwave-, dishwasher- and freezer-safe and BPA-free The Sandwich Kit includes a sandwich container sized for regular and specialty breads, two snack containers (perfect for yogurt or nuts) and a snack container(perfect for fruits, vegetables and chips.)
<p> This is truly a wonderful lunchtime kit. I'm honestly in love with it, and have never seen anything like it previously. I like that each container is a specific size for a certain portion of your lunch. My sandwich fits perfectly in the sandwich container, the two smaller containers are perfect for packing yogurt covered raisins or nuts, and the snack container is perfect for carrot sticks or a few chips. My co-worker even asked me the other day where I got such a cool lunch kit, I told her Rubbermaid of course! She was very impressed. The containers are very durable and seem solidly made. I have not had any issues with them opening during transport or the lids not staying on tight. The two-tone color of the kit stands out and adds personality to a boring brown lunch bag or un-exciting lunchbag. What I love most is that the container stacks together for easy storage in my kitchen cabinet when not in use. Not to mention, it all stays secure and stacked together in my lunchbag too.
<p> This set would be great for any child to take their lunch to school in, or even taking to use for lunch at the beach or park. The kit is dishwasher and freezer safe which makes my life much easier.
<p> Thanks to Rubbermaid, lunchtime will now be revolutionized!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Rubbermaid for providing me with this complimentary Lunchblox kit in exchange for the review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, July 26, 2012
<p> Boticca is awarding a $300 prize to the winner for the person that invites the most friends to sign up to Boticca (this means to create an account on Boticca). They will be picking a winner on the 8/31. The link to enter is: here.
<p> Tell your friends and spread the word! How would you spend the $300 if you won? Please click on the picture to enter.
<p> Lately I've been trying to eat more fish. It's extremely healthy for you and contains nutrients and vitamins that your body needs. I've always been a fan of shellfish in terms of liking seafood. I love experimenting with different flavors for fish when I cook it. Wouldn't it be nice if you could have a selection of fish shipped to you so you always have it at the ready for cooking? J Dock Seafood makes that a reality!
<p> J Dock Seafood ships fresh fish and seafood straight to your door from Seward, Alaska. You can order Alaskan salmon, halibut, rock fish, ling cod, and Alaskan king crab and much more. Whatever fish you're looking for is available. The fish is caught directly in Alaska and shipped to your door overnight. You can't get any fresher than that! The fish is delicious and of the highest quality. There is even a live web cam of the waterfront that I enjoyed looking at. Watch all of the live fishy action happen right in front of your computer!
<p> When I was told that I'd be receiving a box of fish from J Dock, I was looking forward to it. A large box showed up and it was full of a very generous amount of crab legs, salmon, halibut, cod, and much more. Each of the pieces were perfectly portioned. Some of the fish was pre-seasoned, like the Cajun salmon and lemon pepper salmon. This was great because I didn't even have to think about seasoning or marinading it. The flavor was already prepared for me and I was sure it would be delicious.
<p> The first piece of fish that I prepared was the lemon pepper salmon. I've tried lemon chicken previously, but never lemon pepper salmon. I enjoyed the flavor of the lemon pepper on the chicken, and knew I'd like it on the salmon too. The piece of salmon was large enough for one person to have for dinner by themselves. What I noticed first about the fish was that it was rubbed evenly and generously. There was not a section of fish that didn't contain a juicy burst of flavor.
<p> The fish was very easy to cook. As it was cooking, the aromatic fragrance of lemon pepper permeated my kitchen. It was done in only about 10 minutes or so. I was excited to dig in. As I plated the fish, I could smell how wonderful it was. The salmon was tender and flaky and cooked to perfection. Each bite was better than the next and I loved how extremely fresh it tasted. It was like they caught the fish and then prepared it moments later for me! The lemon pepper rub was very noticeable with each bite. There was a subtle hint of pepper, it wasn't overly rubbed with pepper to mask the flavor of the fish. The lemon to pepper ratio was consistent and you could still taste the natural flavor of the fish too which I liked. Lemon pairs with fish marvelously and I was glad to see it was incorporated with the salmon.
<p> A few nights later, I tried the Cajun salmon. I am not a fan of extremely spicy foods, but there are a few that I will tolerate, Cajun being one of them. The fish was also rubbed generously with the seasoning rub, ensuring a delicious flavor all around. When the fish was ready to eat, I was very much looking forward to it. I could smell the spices in the rub and it smelled spicy, but great. The fish was also tender, juicy and full of flavor. The rub was slightly spicy, but I trekked on through it. The flavors of the rub deeply complimented the fish and it was truly a wonderful piece of fish. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of the fish very soon!
<p> Any of these pieces of fish would pair nicely with asparagus and rice. If you have a resident foodie/sea food foodie in your life, why not make their day and send them a package of seafood? Make their birthday special by showing them that you care with J Dock Seafood!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a 10 lb package full of assorted seafood!
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what type of fish is your favorite. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 9, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are solely mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Wednesday, July 25, 2012
<p> Cookies are my #1 weakness in life. I can't resist them. If I pass by a bakery, I have to peer in the window and look at those round heavenly creations that are displayed. If you hand me a warm, fresh out of the oven chocolate chip cookie and a glass of milk, I'll be your best friend! Cookies are comforting, delicious, and should be enjoyed in life as often as possible. :)
<p> This Chick Bakes is a fantastic NYC based bakery. Their products are made from the finest stuff they can find. There are no trans-fats, high fructose corn syrup, artificial flavors or preservatives in any of their products. All ingredients are fresh and of high quality. If you're looking to sink your teeth into a confectionery wonder, I highly suggest This Chick Bakes. How about curbing that sweet tooth with a chocolate fudge brownie, a mojito cookie, or even a peanut butter blast? Your taste buds will thank you! Any treats from This Chick Bakes would make a wonderful gift for any cookie lover.
<p> When I discovered This Chick Bakes, I knew I had to review their treats. I was hoping that I could pull a cookie from their website through the computer, but that didn't seem like a possibility. Not too long afterwards, a package showed up at my door.
<p> When I opened the box, this is what I saw. I love the lovely presentation, and the brown and blue polka dots are adorable.
<p> I know you're all wondering what was inside, correct? Well, let me show you!
<p> Look at these beauties! I received a chocolate fudge brownie, a mojito cookie, green tea and lemon cookie, a peanut butter blast, a brown butter salted chocolate chunk cookie, and a raisin chocolate oat cookie. I was spoiled! I love these some of these flavors are not traditional cookie flavors that you commonly think of. This is what sets the company apart from other regular bakeries!
<p> Of course I had to try something chocolate right off the bat. You know me! I tried the raisin chocolate oat cookie. This work of art was thick and dense and blanketed with a thick ribbons of chocolate on top. I couldn't wait to indulge.
<p> Look at how dense this cookie is! I absolutely love it.
<p> The cookie contained coconut, chocolate, raisins, and oatmeal. I've never had a cookie that combined all of these ingredients before, but it sounded right up my alley. Upon first bite, the cookie was soft and chewy. I was hit with a wonderful wave of flavorful coconut, chewy raisins and sweet chocolate. The oatmeal base of the cookie was delicious. I loved how all of the ingredients complimented each other so well. The cookie was extremely fresh. I could noticeably taste each part of the cookie, but the flavors didn't overpower each other. The coconut was subtle but it definitely went very well with the chocolate. The raisins balanced everything out and added another layer of pizazz to the cookie. I really enjoyed each and every bite and was sad when it was finished. I highly recommend this cookie to anyone who hasn't tried it, you're truly in for a treat!
<p> Later on, my boyfriend wanted to try the brown butter salted chocolate cookie. It was big enough for us to happily split it. I'm new to the whole sea salt in cookies deal. I know it brings out the flavor of the chocolate, but is this a new trend in cookies? I usually prefer to enjoy my cookies sans sea salt, but sometimes I don't mind. This is one of those times that I didn't mind. The cookie was full of big chocolate chunks and shiny bits of sea salt and was begging to be eaten! I took a bite of my half and really loved what I tasted. I immediately tasted sweet chocolate combined with a subtle hint of sea salt. I also tasted the brown sugar. The cookie was very soft and not dense at all like the other one. It was also very fresh. The cookie was not overly sweet, but sweet enough to satisfy your chocolate fix. The only thing that I didn't like was that some areas of the cookie were saltier than others. I wish the sea salt was evenly distributed because one bite would have a large chunk of salt, while others didn't. Overall, I really enjoyed the cookie.
<p> I look forward to indulging in the rest of the sweet treats in the future. They are tucked away in my kitchen, but you know they won't last long against the demands of my stomach. :)
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win the same cookie package that I received.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me which cookie sounds best to you. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> 12. Like This Chick Bakes on Facebook for 1 entry (http://www.facebook.com/pages/THIS-CHICK-BAKES/56980163539)
<p> 13. Follow This Chick Bakes on Twitter for 1 entry(https://twitter.com/ThisChickBakes)
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 8th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> One of my struggles in life is with my skin. I'm always dreaming of that flawless, gorgeous skin that celebrities have. Of course if I had their money to purchase expensive products and have routine skin treatments, I'm sure my face would look great too. I have the occasional breakout on my face and I absolutely hate it. It makes me feel insecure and not looking my best. It's just the occasional pimple here or there, but it still bothers me. Wouldn't it be nice to help and control those breakouts for once and for all?
<p> Murad was founded in 1989 by Howard Murad. M.D., one of the world's foremost authorities on skin health and a pioneer of the clinical skincare movement. When Dr. Murad pioneered the use of Alpha Hydroxy Acids in professional skincare 20 years ago, he launched an anti-aging revolution. Murad includes products for acne, loss of firmness/hormonal aging, fine lines and wrinkles, age spots and uneven skin tone. Did you think that was it? Oh no! The list continues. Let Murad help treat your cellulite and stretch marks and also your combination skin/clogged pores too. There's a Murad product for every skin issue you could be having. Murad is available to help you look your best, at all times.
<p> I've seen those commercials for Murad over the years, and I've always wanted to try the acne products. When I finally received the opportunity to review some products, I was very excited.
<p> I've been using the clarifying cleanser and the acne spot treatment routinely since I received the products. I use both products in the morning and again at night. The clarifying cleanser is a large bottle which contains a lot of product. It's very easy to apply to my skin and quickly lathers up, creating in my opinion a strong clean. I don't notice a harsh or a very chemical-y smell either. The cleanser smells natural. The product rinses effortlessly and in return I'm left with a soft, cleansed skin that feels smooth to the touch.
<p> I followed up my skin routine with the acne spot treatment for any pimples that stand out. The tube is much smaller than the clarifying cleanser. The product comes out very quickly, so make sure you don't squeeze out too much. All you need is a tiny pea sized amount that you rub into any trouble spots on your face. You don't wash it off either, but let it absorb into your skin. The treatment rubbed in easily. I was left feeling satisfied with the fact that I was doing the best that I could do to help my skin.
<p> The products are easy to pack into your suitcase or overnight bag if you're traveling. Store them in your medicine cabinet in your bathroom for easy access.
<p> Since using these two products I've definitely noticed a big difference in my skin. My skin feels soft and smooth to the touch. My breakouts seem to be controlled and some of my acne have even gone away! I love that results that I'm seeing so far. I feel that when using all of the products together, I can achieve the clear, flaw-free skin that I've always wanted!
<p> One lucky winner will Murad's Intro to Acne Kit.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win an Intro to Acne Kit from Murad.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! )1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> 12. Follow Murad on Twitter for 1 entry(https://twitter.com/DrMurad)
<p> 13. Like Murad on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/sammi9588#!/Murad)
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 8, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are solely mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, July 24, 2012
<p> Carmex is one of those companies who truly cares about their customers and loyal users. They are constantly coming out with new products to keep customers happy and satisfied. Not only do the products smell delicious, they keep your lips moisturized and soft too. When you choose Carmex, you're making a smart decision!
<p> Carmex is a cosmetics company which offers various scents of lipbalms dedicated to soothe and protect your lips. They have recently branched out with a line of skincare which includes healing cream and healing lotion. Whether you prefer original Carmex lip balm, or even the new flavors of strawberry or cherry in a tube or a jar, they've got you covered.
<p> Since I'm a part of the Carmex Blog Squad, I frequently get sent items to review. I recently received a packag, and when I saw the Carmex return address label I knew it had to be good!
<p> When I opened the package this is what I saw inside:
<p> (I'm going to have to figure out what's going on with my pictures because they are displaying correctly, but don't upload correctly. Sorry about this!)
<p> I absolutely love the beach bag! The yellow and white stripes are very summery. The red Carmex logo is featured across the bag. This is wonderful advertising to let everyone about the beach know how amazing Carmex is! The bag is very roomy and it is perfect for taking to the beach and putting a towel, bathing suit, water bottle, and pair of flip flops in. It's made durable and the white rope handles are very cute.
<p> Inside the attached pouch inside was a bounty of Carmex treasure. I received cherry, vanilla, original, lime twist, and a new flavor, pomegranate! When you're not using the pouch for storing your Carmex's in, you can store some money or a credit card in it for easy access for a snack while at the beach.
<p> Carmex's are always so easy to apply and I love how they keep your lips moisturized. The SP5 15 in the balm is great for protecting your lips from the damage of the sun, especially if you're outdoors a lot during the summer.
<p> I had tried the other Carmex varieties before, but the pomegranate was new to me. I was going to put the old favorites aside momentarily, and try the newest member of the Carmex family. The tube has a very cute pink label with a dark purple top. The outer packaging features a delicious looking pomegranate. The lip balm is a traditional click stick, with the pale yellow wax balm inside. The lip balm smells wonderful and is strong. You can notice it the second you take the top off. It applies thickly, but not too thick to bother you. It's a thick enough layer for your lips to feel soft and protected. I did notice a cooling sensation on my lips after application. Pomegranate is one of my favorite fruits, so I was instantly attracted to try this new scent.
<p> Carmex lip balm's are essential for storing in your purse, a gym bag, your nightstand, a medicine cabinet, and a work drawer. Make sure that you have your Carmex handy for whenever you lips quench hydration.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Carmex beach bag with assorted Carmex lip balms inside.
<p> 13. Like Carmex on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/carmexlipbalm)
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 7, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are solely mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, July 23, 2012
<p> Summer is my favorite season for footwear. I get to wear cute sandals and wedges with some of my most loved outfits. Of course it's always nice to have a new pair of shoes too. I gravitate towards unique shoes that nobody else is wearing. Who wants to wear what everyone else is wearing, when you don't have to? California Footwear Co helps me to stand out.
<p> While California Footwear Co may be new to you, their footbed has been 17 years in the making. Prototype after prototype was developed, culminating in the footbed that they are very proud to sell today. And they are equally proud to offer their Featherlight collection, which features a super-light, compression-molded EVA footbed whose shape is based on their famous cork footbed.
<p> Their ergonomic footbed is shaped like your foot not an arrow allowing room for your feet and toes to function as they should. Their deep heel cup helps focus the natural shock absorbing pad on your heel. The deep heel cup also helps provide a neutral plane (no elevated heel) to the sandal, which benefits your posture. Think barefoot, but with better arch support.
<p> California Footwear Co offers cork and beach sandals in a variety of styles, colors, and patterns. Whether you're looking for a pair of cork sandals with snakeskin straps, or a red patent leather sandal with studs on the straps, they've got what you want. There's a shoe for everyone's taste.
<p> I was sent an adorable pair of the San Diego leopard sandals. I am a big fan of leopard and these are right up my alley.
<p> I don't have a pair of sandals like these previously, so I was interested to try something new. The shoe is very durable and of high quality. I love the leopard upper, the black and brown is bold and bright. The shoe fits comfortably and is very easy to walk in. I like that when I wear these shoes my foot is being supported. I noticed that the shoe has a little bit of weight to it when you wear it, which I wasn't expecting. It's very easy to get used to though. I've made some bad shoe decisions over the year, choosing fashion over support and comfort. My feet are probably not in the best shape, but I'm making a step in the right direction now!
<p> These sandals would be perfect with a cute brown summer dress, your favorite top/skirt combination, or just wear them with your favorite shorts or capri's. They would look wonderful with a variety of outfits. Make sure to add these to your closet today!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a pair of leopard San Diego sandals from California Footwear Co.
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 6th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Sunday, July 22, 2012
<p> My main struggle in life is with my weight. I am always trying to drop a few lbs, and of course I'd like to do it quickly. I'm not overweight by any means, I just wrestle with losing 2 or 3 lbs on a constant basis. Last year I lost 13 lbs and managed to keep it off. I'm always on the look out for any sort of diets/weight loss products. Wouldn't it be nice to deal with the issue for once and for all?
<p> HungerShield is a natural, on-the-go powder stick pack,that you mix with water, and it helps you to feel full, so you eat less. HungerShield was created by 4 registered dietitians, and is sold through pharmacies, fitness facilities, medical groups, and online. Gradual weight loss results can be achieved when combined with a sensible diet and an active lifestyle.
<p> I was sent a few packets of the lemon-lime drink mix for review. The packets are large and are meant to be mixed with 12-16 oz of water. That may seem like a lot to some, but I'm a big water drinker and have no issue with drinking that much water. What I like best about the product is that you can use it in conjunction with any weight loss or diet plan, so that it will work for anyone. For whatever reason, I can't correct this picture to post normally. Sorry about that!
<p> I recently added the drink mix packet to a large bottle of water. The mix was easy to pour in. It mixed and dissolved with no issues and I was left with what looked like lemonade. The instructions say to drink the mix 1-2 hours before eating to eliminate snacking before meals, etc. I drank the mix 2 hours before dinner. The mix had a pleasant lemon-lime flavor, but was not too strong. It tasted like watered down lemonade, sort of. Some hunger cessation products taste very unnatural or chemical-y, but this one didn't. It contains no artificial sweeteners or unnatural ingredients. I was able to finish the water relatively quickly.
<p> I did notice that my hunger was curbed and I was able to go the rest of the day after eating lunch, without eating anything else. Usually I get hungry right before dinner and have to have some carrots or a handful of nuts to tide myself over. What I like best about this product is that since it curbs your appetite, you eat less at meals. This is perfect for me because since I am not as hungry, I won't eat more than I should. It makes meal time much easier.
<p> I felt full for hours after drinking the mix. It also helped curb any late night snack eating that could potentially take place. Eating at night after dinner is terrible for you, since you're in a less active state than during the day. I am looking forward to watching the pounds drop off in the near future.
<p> These drink packets are perfect for storing in your purse or a drawer at work. Use them any time you'd like to curb your appetite during the day. You'll feel a great sense of relief knowing that you're doing something good for your body.
<p> One lucky winner will win a 28 packet count box of HungerShield!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a box of HungerShield.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why you'd like to try HungerShield. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 5th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Saturday, July 21, 2012
<p> Ladies, it's important that you spoil yourselves every once in awhile. Whether that means buying yourself a new dress or top, pair of earrings, or even a purse. Make sure you always have something new in your closet from time to time. Shopping is fun and it's essential to have new stylish items on a constant basis. Wouldn't it be nice to own beautiful handbags and jewelry that cost much less than those high designer price tags?
<p> Chic Frills was created in 2011 under the idea of every woman loves to look great and feel great, but doesn't want to spend a fortune doing so. It's not necessary to spend a fortune either. Created by a former buyer for a major department store, ChicFrills knows that you don't have to blow your budget in order to add a few pieces to your accessory closet. Fashions change quickly, ChicFrills allows you to keep up with these changes. Whether you're looking for that adorable clutch for the upcoming wedding you're attending, or the perfect new totebag to take on vacation with you, ChicFrills covers it all. Don't forget to buy a new cuff bracelet too! The stylish products offer the perfect amount of femininity coupled with a dash of fun and uniqueness.
<p> If you're looking for a girly gift for a relative or friend, Chic Frills is your go-to spot. Every female loves jewelry and they will be delighted to receive a beautiful bracelet from you for their birthday.
<p> Have you been eyeing a new purse lately? There are so many beautiful ones available on Chic Frills. Today, I have the perfect one for you. Let me introduce you to the Rachel Tote.
<p> This tote is full of fun and personality and guaranteed to give a pop of color to any outfit. The bold and vibrant green is perfect for summer. The Rachel tote is large enough to hold all of your essentials. There is a rear zippered pocket and also interior pockets for holding business cards, sunglasses, your cell phone, etc. When you carry the Rachel tote, the peak of fashion will surround you. Can't you just imagine carrying it now?
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Rachel Tote from Chic Frills.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please create an account on ChicFrills.com. I will verify this. When you enter the contest. please let me know that you've created an account. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 4th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> When you think of coffee, what comes to mind? I envision a bold cup of coffee that washes flavor over your taste buds the second you take a sip. The kind of coffee where you can't enjoy just one cup. Next time you have people over for breakfast or brunch, make sure Godiva coffee makes an appearance.
<p> Godiva Coffee is unlike any flavored coffee. All of their coffee flavors are inspired by their decadent Belgian chocolates. With uncompromising passion for quality ingredients, they expertly blend luscious and creamy Godiva flavors with perfectly roasted 100% Arabica coffee beans for a rich, smooth taste. They've crafted an experience that captures the most indulgent aromas and flavors to make each cup delicious and distinctive.
<p> If you've not previously tried a cup of Godiva coffee, I urge you to when you get the chance. The flavor is so rich and inviting, you'll never switch back to your regular coffee choice again.
<p> Summer heat is no match for a deliciously indulgent and refreshing coffee served over ice, made with the latest two flavors from Godiva coffee created especially for summer. With such flavors like Berry Crème Brûlée and White Chocolate Coconut, special flavors for summer priced affordably. There are several new summer recipe drinks created by Godiva Coffee including Godiva Mocha Blueberry Martini, Mocha Truffle Frappe and Berry Crème Brûlée Coffee Ice Pops. Godiva Coffee is the perfect treat for summer gatherings.
<p> I received a special Godiva package for review. It included:
<p> One bag of Godiva White Chocolate Coconut Godiva, a medium roast coffee with the flavor of velvety Godiva white chocolate with a luscious coconut finish.
<p> One bag of Godiva Berry Crème Brûlée coffee. This is a medium roast coffee with the flavor of creamy crème brulee with fresh, ripe blueberry notes and a caramelized sugar finish.
<p> One set of 6 Godiva Coffee new summer recipes that are perfect for entertaining, including the Godiva Mocha Blueberry Martini and Berry Crème Brûlée Coffee Ice Pops.
<p> One Godiva iced drink tumbler.
<p> One Godiva pink insulated tote bag.
<p> The insulated tote bag is perfect for taking my lunch to work and keeping it cold. The bright pink color is adorable and great for summer. The insulated drink tumbler is essential for making iced Godiva coffee and taking it on the go with you. You could even use it for other drinks like lemonade, iced tea, etc.
<p> The recipe cards look fantastic. I can't wait to make the Godiva Mocha Blueberry Martini, it sounds absolutely fantastic. I feel that the combination of mocha and blueberry will be very interesting. If you're planning on having a girl's night in sometime soon, how about making one of these delectable drinks and serving it with lovely Godiva chocolates? Sounds like a great night to me.
<p> I haven't tried both bags of coffee yet, but I have had the pleasure of trying the white chocolate coconut though. I tried it hot first. From the second I opened the bag, my senses were hit with a wave of deliciousness. The aroma of the coconut was prevalent, and I could smell the notes of white chocolate too. They both smelled wonderful when combined together and I couldn't wait to try a cup. As the coffee brewed, the aroma became stronger and perfumed my kitchen. It almost smelled like I was baking something.
<p> Once the coffee was ready, I took my first sip. It was a sip I would never forget. I closed my eyes in pure bliss. The white chocolate and coconut blended together was like a delicious piece of heaven in my mug. You could taste each ingredient, but each had a separate entity and did not overpower each other. I haven't had a cup of coffee this good in a long time. It was a true pleasure to drink such fantastic coffee. This is certainly going to be my new go-to coffee choice in the morning or whenever I need a pick-me-up throughout the day.
<p> The white chocolate and coconut coffee would be equally fantastic made iced. Let the refreshing iced drink cool you off on one of these hot scorcher days we've been having lately. Your taste buds will thank you.
<p> I am looking forward to trying the other Godiva coffee flavor very soon. I'm sure I will love it. Keep Godiva coffee in mind for your next dinner party when serving coffee and dessert. Your guests will absolutely fall in love with the taste of Godiva coffee.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Godiva prize pack including:
<p> One bag of Godiva White Chocolate Coconut GODIVA, a medium roast coffee with the flavor of velvety Godiva white chocolate with a luscious coconut finish.
<p> One bag of Godiva Berry Crème Brûlée coffee. This is a medium roast coffee with the flavor of creamy crème brulee with fresh, ripe blueberry notes and a caramelized sugar finish.
<p> One set of 6 Godiva Coffee new summer recipes that are perfect for entertaining, including the Godiva Mocha Blueberry Martini and Berry Crème Brûlée Coffee Ice Pops.
<p> 13. Like Godiva Coffee on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/GodivaCoffee)
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 4th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed.One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck!Disclaimer-I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer.Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways.IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, July 20, 2012
<p> I'm a firm believer in giving thoughtful and meaningful gifts. Don't get me wrong, it's nice to receive a gift card or a pair of earrings too, but I always love gifts that are sentimental. You might not keep that bracelet for your 18th birthday forever, but you'll always keep and remember the scrapbook that your best friend made for you.
<p> Image 3D is a company that creates personalized and custom view-master style reels and viewers with your own photos! The process is simple, you upload your images, and then edit/crop and add 3D captions. Remember having a view master as a child? Now you can have your own memories on the reel, instead of a Disney or cartoon themed reel!
<p> When I had the opportunity to review my very own reel, I was very excited. The first thing that popped into my head was to create a reel of pictures of my boyfriend and I for him. He shares my love of sentimental gifts and I knew he would love it.
<p> The process to create was very simple. I watched the informational tutorial to get an idea of how to create the reel online. You drag and drop pictures into the desired frame and then add captions as you see fit. The hardest part was figuring out what pictures to choose for the reel, and in what order they would go in.
<p> Not too long afterwards, my view master reel arrived in the mail. I didn't open the package, but waited for my boyfriend to open it since it was for him. Once I explained what the gift was after he opened the box, he thought it was incredibly cool and very unique! The viewer that we received was red and it looked just like the classic view master. The black round reel was full of the pictures that I selected, and in the center "Sammi and Jay's Reel" was written.
<p> He hadn't seen a lot of the pictures that I chose in a while. With each click of the lever, another memory flooded in and we had fun talking about the trip or place each picture was from. I tried to choose significant pictures like our first picture taken together, first trip together, etc. He really enjoyed looking at the pictures and thought it was a very thoughtful gift. I enjoyed seeing him appreciate the gift.
<p> What's amazing to me is that full-sized pictures submitted through a website can be turned into small little clips that can be viewed inside the viewer. Whatever technology used to create this is amazing.
<p> This is what my reel looked like: When you view the pictures inside the reel they are very clear and the colors are vivid and bright. It's like looking at the pictures on the computer, but in a much smaller format.
<p> You can create your own custom reel for so many different occasions. A birthday party, a vacation, a new baby, a wedding/anniversary, any sort of celebration, and practically anything else. It's a wonderfully unique and thoughtful gift that will be treasured by anyone for years to come.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES: 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a custom viewer and reel of their creation from Image 3D.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what special event or occasion you'd use to create your own viewer with. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on August 3rd, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I routinely spend a lot of time online for work and for business. I'm on the computer many hours a day, everyday. Sometimes by the end of the day my arms and wrists are sore and tired. I try to rest them as best as possible, but you can't deny the pain. I didn't think I had a lot of options until I came across LED Technologies.
<p> LED Technologies develops and manufactures light products for health, beauty, and wellness. If you're looking for pain relief products, skin and acne products, or beauty products, LED has you covered. Their products guarantee quality results and not only do they make you feel better, they are built to last.
<p> I've been researching online about pain management and came across LED Technologies. I knew that I had to review a product from their line. I viewed each product on the website and came to the decision of reviewing the DPL Therapy System. It looked too good to be true!
<p> The DPL Therapy System is the most advanced healthcare product for your body.DPL Therapy utilizes Red and infrared Led wavelengths and a proprietary design based on NASA research and specifications to treat pain.
<p> By using the system just minutes a day you can find relief of muscle and joint aches, back pain and the pain and stiffness associated with arthritis.
<p> The DPL Therapy System is a non-invasive, drug-free therapy which can be applied to your individual therapy needs.
<p> Available without a prescription and FDA cleared as a Class II Medical Device.Benefits of the DPL Therapy SystemAll NaturalNon-invasiveNon-ablative
<p> Fast; treat needed area in 17 minutesLarge treatment area – 9" X 14" surface areaEasy to useNo side effectsSafe and effectiveEngineered to last for years
<p> When this arrived, I couldn't wait try it out. What's great is that you can use it for any pain that you have. If I'm on my feet for a long period of time, or wear heels, you can guarantee that my feet hurt. The same thing with my back. I imagined using this product and having all of my pain melt away.
<p> The product was easy to set up and in just a short 17 minute session, I was promised that my pain would be treated.
<p> I fired the machine up and was greeted with two bright LED infrared red lights. I set up both sections of the therapy section to connect together and put my wrist/forearm inside of it. What's great about this product is that you can do other things while you have your session. I chose to watch TV. I didn't feel any significant amount of pain or any sharp zaps or anything like that. My arm stayed securely inside the system throughout my treatment.
<p> After the timer dinged, signifying my time was up, I took my arm out. It felt a lot less tight and sore. I was amazed that in 17 minutes my pain could be significantly reduced. I was able to type normally for the rest of the day without any increased pain at all. I was astounded! Usually my arm is very sore and tired by the end of the day. The DPL Therapy System is great for rejuvenating and revitalizing your muscles. This would be great for a person with arthritis or fibromyalgia.
<p> You can also place this on the bottoms of your feet if suffer from foot pain and would like some relief. Since I mentioned earlier in the review that sometimes my lower back hurts, I'd definitely like to try this on my back sometime soon. The unit could be easily stored in a closet or cabinet for future use. It is small enough to not take up too much room.
<p> I love that this device will manage my pain and help my days to be pain free. That's extremely important to me.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to LED Technologies for providing me with a complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
