<h> Tuesday, January 22, 2013
<p> As you all know, I'm getting married in August. As soon as I got engaged about a month ago, I started thinking about what kind of dress I wanted. I am not a traditional person by any means and I knew I didn't want a very simple and plain dress. I wanted something with lots of layers and beadwork. When I stumbled upon Simply Bridal, I knew I had to wear one of their dresses on my special day!
<p> Simply Bridal specializes in creating made to order dresses at very affordable prices. There are a variety of different styles and cuts made to make any bride ecstatic. Whether you want a dress with lots of personality or a dress that is more traditional, I promise the dress for you awaits you. Simply Bridal also offers bridesmaids dresses and wedding jewelry. When I was told I could select one of their dresses for review, I was very excited! I browsed the website and eventually settled on the beautiful Monique gown. As soon as I saw it, I knew that it was the dress for me.
<p> Close up of front
<p> A close up of the beadwork and back detail
<p> This dress is gorgeous! It was shipped extremely fast. I used their size chart provided on the website to determine my size. I could have gone with my normal size but I wanted to go up to the next size just in case I needed anything taken in. It's much easier to have the dress taken in rather than be in trouble when the dress is your normal size and is too tight. The strapless detail is perfect for an August wedding.
<p> As soon as I took the dress out of the box, I was surprised at how something so big could fit in a such a small package! It came with a great hanging zippered bag to store the dress in. I actually washed my hands a few times before I touched it because I was so worried about getting dirt or anything on it. That would be terrible! The dress is heavy and very high quality. The beadwork is beautiful as is the gorgeous deep white color. There is a flower like pattern created from the beads. There are small sequins all over the front and back, which gives an extra oomph of style and personality. I can tell a lot of time and dedication went into creating the dress. The back of the gown is a corset style. When I first put the dress on it it was big in the top and I was worried it was going to be too big on me. I had to have someone help me lace up the back, but once it was laced up and tighter, the fit was perfect. I love how it looks on and it compliments my shape well! My only concern is that I don't want to gain any weight between now and August. :)
<p> The many layers on the organza skirt are fantastic. I love how the bottom is flowy but doesn't make you look like a cupcake at all. The layers really complete the dress and make it what it is. Since I am only 5'0 I will probably have the dress hemmed in the length a little. It is manageable with heels on but I don't want to feel like I'm tripping over it when I wear it.
<p> I'm honestly so impressed with Simply Bridal, I highly recommend them to anyone who's looking for THE dress for their big day. I feel like a princess in the dress. The best part is that it looks like a very expensive designer dress, but for half the price! I can't wait to wear it when I walk down the aisle this summer! For right now it will have to hang out in my closet in the zippered bag for a few more months. :)
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received this dress complimentary in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Friday, January 18, 2013
<p> If I'm looking for a quick and easy lunch, I often opt for Lean Cuisine. Since they offer so many different meal options, you'll quickly form new favorites. The food is tasty and low in fat and calories which you can't beat, not to mention very convenient. I've been enjoying Lean Cuisine for many years now and always am on the lookout for new additions from them.
<p> Lean Cuisine is a brand of frozen entrees and dinners. The brand began as a low-fat, low calorie version of Stouffer's products. Today, the line-up includes traditional dinners, ethnic dishes, pizzas, whole grain Spa cuisine entrees and paninis. All LC items are required to meet the "lean" criteria of less than 10g of fat, 4.5 g or less of saturated fat, and less than 95 mg of cholesterol. The dishes are also calorie-controlled, with most items in the 200-300 calorie range. My favorite LC meals are the panini's, pizzas, and pasta. I also enjoy the sesame chicken and fiesta grilled chicken too. There are so many options, guaranteed to satisfy anyone.
<p> The big in taste but low in calorie brand has recently come out with a new product. Salad lovers listen up, Forget spending $10 on a speciality salad at a market or restaurant, make your own and save money. Lean Cuisine has come out with four new salad additions in the flavors of: Asian style chicken salad, bistro chicken salad, cranberry and chicken salad and south-west style chicken salad. Each salad comes with its own ingredients and dressing already packaged, all you have to do is provide the greens.
<p> I was sent two varieties of the salads to try, Asian style chicken salad and the cranberry and chicken. I think this is a very innotivate idea. I love to eat salads but it can be a pain to buy all of the ingredients and chop up the veggies. Not to mention all of the ingredients can be costly too. I am much more inclined to eat a salad when it's already created for me.
<p> The cranberry and chicken salad sound delicious to me, so I decided to try that one first. This salad comes with raspberry cabernet vinaigrette, grilled white meat chicken, diced cranberries, broccoli, red onions, yellow carrots, and crunchy sesame sticks. How fantastic does the salad sound already?
<p> I brought this to work to have for lunch today. I brought some spinach leaves to use as the base of the salad. I try to be good during the week and eat healthy. Having this helped me to stay on track. The salad was really easy to make. The first step is to prepare the salad dressing. You just have to let the packet thaw in a glasss of room temperature water since it is frozen. I am not a big dressing lover so I knew I wouldn't be using much of it. You put the chicken, fruit and vegetable steam pouch in the microwave and cook for about 2 and a half minutes. Then you put the greens of your choice in the bowl, put the heated ingredients in and toss. I finished everything off by adding the yummy crunchy sticks and a light layer of dressing.
<p> The salad was really delicious actually! I thought the chicken was juicy and had a nice flavor to it. All of the veggies were steamed and cooked well and the cranberries were perfectly tart. The crunchy sesame sticks gave a nice added crunch that I really liked. The raspberry dressing was very interesting. I really enjoyed the sweet flavor of it and it paired fabulously with the chicken and the cranberries. I was impressed at how fresh the salad tasted considering it came out of my microwave. What I love most is that this is a low-cost lunch that you would pay big bucks for at a restaurant. The whole salad has 280 calories which I think is not bad at all. This salad would be perfect for lunch or school or even for anyone on the go.
<p> I look forward to trying the Asian chicken salad soon, I just have to buy more lettuce! :)
<p> Five lucky winners will get to have their salad dreams come true when they win a Lean Cuisine prize pack featuring 5 Lean Cuisine free product coupons to purchase a salad addition of their choice, 5 Fresh express free product coupons to purchase lettuce, 1 lunch bag and a pair of salad tongs.
<h> Thursday, January 17, 2013
<p> Comfort foods bring families and friends together. There's something that just puts a smile on your face to be with your loved ones and enjoy delicious foods simultanously. Alexia foods are best shared over warm conversation and a lot of laughs. Make sure the next time you have a family gathering to not forget Alexia ciabatta rolls or sweet potato fries!
<p> Alexia offers all natural, trans fat, organic snacks and appetizers that are high in taste and flavor. Once you try Alexia, you will be instantly hooked. Don't blame me for your new addiction. Alexia has a wide variety of products in their tasty line up. How does onion rings, sweet potato rolls or waffle fries sound to you? Maybe ciabatta rolls or mozzarella sticks are more your style? Everything that they produce turns to gold, I promise. I could go for some mozzarella sticks right now. Next time you're in the Alexia section of the frozen food section of the grocery store, I can guarantee you will find a product that you will love.
<p> These round pieces of potato goodness are made from the finest all natural ingredients. They have 8 grams of whole grains per serving and are one of the first of their kind. Not only are these big in taste, I love how much whole grain they pack too! What a win-win.
<p> I've been enjoying Alexia products for years and I always love when they debut a new product. I consider it a gift from the heavens! :)
<p> If you've never tried any Alexia products before, you're in for a gigantic treat! One lucky winner will win a free product coupon for any Alexia item of their choice, Alexia branded apron and kitchen timer.
<p> Sorry, I don't know why this is upside down. I tried to fix it. Good luck and may the most potato-y person win!
<h> Wednesday, January 16, 2013
<p> When I picture cuff links, I envision businessmen in a meeting discuss financial reports. Cuff links to me are an elegant accessory worn with fancy work shirts or suits. Usually they come in a simple design and style and don't have much flair to them. I never thought a man's accessory could be fun and stylish until I stumbled upon Cuff-Daddy.
<p> Cuff-Daddy is a cuff links retailer that specializes in unique, high quality cuff links at discount prices. They manufacture the best discount cuff links for men and also carry a large selection of ladies cuff links. The cuff links sold at Cuff-Daddy are so fun and unique! Trade in that boring old pair of silver monogrammed cuff links for a fantastic pair of basketball cuff links or French flag cuff links? There are so many choices, surely something to represent any one's taste and style. You care about how you dress and want to look good, why not add some personality to your sleeves too? Anything from Cuff-Daddy will surely be a conversation piece.
<p> If you have any car fans or classic car fans in your family, they will go nuts for the white hot rod cuff links! These are very cool and I know I would definitely ask someone about the cool links if I saw them wearing them.
<p> These cuff links are in the design of an AC Cobra. The AC Cobra is one of the coolest, loudest and fastest cars around. These would be a perfect gift for your dad, brother, or husband for their birthday. You could even treat yourself to them too. It's only normal to spoil ourselves every once in a while. Any guy would love the opportunity to wear these. The cuff links come in a protective case to store them in when you're not wearing them. Make the office more fun!
<p> Be prepared for people to strike up conversation with you when they see you wearing them! They might even be a little envious too. :)
<h> Saturday, January 12, 2013
<p> I'm not a big technology person, but I do love my iPhone. I check my email and run my blog on it when I'm away from the computer. I stay in touch with my friends and family through texting and phone calls. Of course I also like to play the occasional game and download a new fun app too. When you constantly use your phone, it's likely to have normal wear and tear from daily life. It's important to protect it as best as possible with a durable case. Make sure the name of that case is Otterbox.
<p> Otterbox designs and manufacturers protective cases for smartphones, tablets and mobile technology. The cases come in a variety of styles and colors for anyone's tastes. Whether you want a plain blue or black case, or even one with flowers on the back, Otterbox has you covered. There are different case series that protect against dust, scratches and dropping. I've heard wonderful things about the Otterbox and knew that I eventually wanted to try one of their cases one day. Right now I was in dire need of a new iPhone case. I have a leopard one which I love, but it is not great quality and the sides don't offer protection against drops. Since I have dropped my phone a number of times, the sides of the case have cracked and broken slightly. It's a wonder the screen hasn't cracked either since it didn't have a screen protector. I thank the iPhone gods for that! Due to all of these reasons, I'm glad the Otterbox is now in my life.
<p> When I received the opportunity to try an Otterbox case, I was really excited. I browsed the website and looked at all of the gorgeous iPhone cases and wondered if I was in Apple heaven. I believed I was.
<p> I finally settled on the perennial iPhone 4S case in the defender series. The front of the case is black, but the back has the pattern on it. I loved it as soon as I saw it. Pink is my favorite color and the beautiful flower pattern was right up my alley.
<p> This case features a robust three layer protection which withstands drops, bumps and shocks. The built in screen protector, which is my favorite part, protects against scratches. The port covers keep out dirt and debris. The case come with a belt clip but I'm not going to use that. I usually just keep my phone in my purse. My new home for my iPhone came extremely quickly after placing the order. I always love speedy service! When I received the case I was a little unsure of how I was to put the phone into it. There was an instruction manual but it still was a little confusing. I ended up watching a YouTube video on how to put an Otterbox case on your phone. The video was wonderful and did a great job of explaining how to do it. Within minutes, my perennial was in bloom! The case fit the phone like a dream and I noticed that there was no open spaces on the phone anywhere where damage could potentially happen. You're still able to easily access the volume controls and and the charging port through the case.
<p> What I like most about the case is the screen protector. Sometimes I'm a little clumsy and I drop my phone. Like I mentioned earlier, I am very lucky that my screen has never cracked when I dropped it. Not only would this be terrible, it would be costly too. I don't have to worry anymore about this potentially happening.
<p> The pink hue on the back of the phone is vibrant and brilliant. Bright colors always make me more cheerful and anytime I look at it, it makes me happy.
<p> The phone is very easy to use in the case. I've had no trouble with the touchscreen not recognizing my finger through the screen protector or anything like that. The case is slightly heavier now but that's because the otter is working overtime to make sure your phone is safe and sound. By the way, I really love that otter. I want to give him a hug.
<p> I'm very satisfied with the case so far and I look forward to using it for some time to come! If you're looking for an iPhone case that will truly protect your phone and keep it stylish at the same time, I highly recommend Otterbox.
<h> Thursday, January 10, 2013
<p> Let's take a quick trip down memory lane back to school, shall we? My school years weren't so long ago so I can clearly remember them. A task that I didn't like much during class was taking notes. Flawless note taking is practically impossible to achieve. The teacher could explain a lesson quickly and you don't have time to get in all of the key points necessary. You have to end up abbreviating your notes to make sure you capture everything important. Wouldn't it have been so much easier to have a pen to record extra important details from notes? I know I would have loved that!
<p> Livescribe smart pens digitally capture everything you hear and write, allowing you to simply tap your ink and play back everything you recorded at that specific moment. The Sky wi-fi smart pen wirelessly syncs your notes and audio with your Evernote account, making them immediately accessible on your computer, smartphone, tablet, or the web. When paired with your mobile device, the pen offers the natural feel and precision of writing on paper with the advantages of viewing, sharing, and saving handwritten notes on a tablet!
<p> This is the perfect present for a college or high school student especially around exam time. Don't forget those office employees too! The smartpen would come in handy during a meeting or any other time notes need to be taken. The pen is small and compact enough to fit in a purse, a brief case, a locker, or even your car.
<p> I chose to give this pen to my fiance because he's in graduate school at the moment. He's constantly taking notes and wants to be as clear and concise as possible. He's been nothing but happy with the pen since receiving it. The pen is chunky but still easy to hold and use, he tells me. The black hue is modern and stylish. The pen ink also flows well and is consistent when he writes.
<p> The pen is definitely a lifesaver. He really likes being able to record specific key points, notes, and diagrams that go directly to his Evernote account online. If you try to write everything the professor says, you're going to miss things. He makes sure to record the extra important notes the professor says, so he has it for reference later. Tap your notes and high quality audio plays back what you just recorded. The pen has an easy-to-read digital display on the front face.
<p> An Evernote account is very easy to create and everything you save to the account will be there to view anytime you want. The wireless syncing is very handy as you don't have to worry about forgetting to upload the notes, or even dealing with cords to sync!
<p> My fiance says that the smartpen making note taking much easier and less stressful! The pen stays in a zippered compartment in his backpack for easy access.
<p> If you're looking for an easier way to manage your notebook or notepad, Livescribe's waiting to help you!
<p> Besides poor health, there is another thing that can give you restless disturbed nights, which is a poor quality mattress. If you haven’t been able to have a good night’s sleep, it is a high time that you invested in a high quality mattress, which is none other than a memory foam mattress. There are a number of ways in which this type of mattress can eliminate your restlessness or disturbance at night. They are as follows: -
<p> It reduces back pain and aches
<p> If you usually experience back pain and aches during the night, it is more likely that your mattress isn’t as comfortable as it should be. Memory foam is uniquely designed to relieve pressure points and keep your spine properly aligned. Doctors also recommend firm mattresses as very helpful in reducing back pain, and this type of mattress is good enough to help you have restful nights.
<p> It maintains even temperatures
<p> You may be having restless and disturbed nights due to either very high or low temperatures. With this type of mattress, you can rest assured that this will become a problem of the past. This is because the mattress is sensitive to temperature changes. It tends to conform and soften when the temperatures are high, and on the other hand becomes firmer and viscous when the temperatures are low.
<p> I It reduces motion transfer
<p> A spouse who tosses and turns in bed can cause a lot of disturbance at night. What you need is a mattress that eliminates motion transfer between sleep partners and in this case, memory foam is the most ideal. Its firmness makes it resistant to motion, making it hard for one to notice that his spouse is making movements in bed. It also has the ability to distribute weight evenly, making it very good for you both, whether you sleep on your back, side or your abdomen. The fact that this type of mattress does not have inner springs makes it ideal if you are looking forward to have quiet nights.
<p> It is hypoallergenic
<p> If you are suffering from allergy, asthma or any other type of respiratory disease, it would be wise if you choose a mattress that will not deteriorate your condition. Memory foam is hypoallergenic, which means that it is very ideal for people suffering from allergies. Unlike many other types of mattresses on the market, this type of mattress neither produces dust, nor attracts bed bugs.
<p> Besides mattresses, you can also experience some benefits with memory foam pillows and mattress toppers. In order for you to experience these immense benefits brought about by these outstanding products, it would be a wise thing for you to buy from a reliable online shop. You must ensure that the store that you intend to buy from has a good reputation in availing high quality memory foam mattresses to interested buyers. You can also check out for discounts and other excellent after sale services that will make your purchase worth while.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a guest post which I am being compensated for posting.
<h> Wednesday, January 9, 2013
<p> Let's face it, we all have bad hair days. On those days, we just want to wear a hat and hide from people. If you feel this way, you're certainly not alone! John Frieda has created products to tame frizz and flyaways and help you feel more confident with your appearance. It's time to face the world with a smile!
<p> John Frieda is an English celebrity hairstylist and founder of hair salons and styling products. This brand is your go-to choice for keeping your hair looking fabulous and beautiful at all times. John Frieda produces shampoos and conditioners, and volumizing products and serums. Of course you can't forget hair brushes, blow dryers, flat irons, and curling irons too! Whatever you need to make your look its best, John Frieda is there for you.
<p> I know my hair could always use a boost. I'm always on the lookout for new products meant to give my hair extra body and smooth away those annoying fly-away's. John Frieda is one brand that I've had immediate success with. I've been using their shampoo's for years now and always love the results I achieve. Let John Frieda work his hair magic on you with the following products:
<p> A small change can make a big difference to the healthy look of your hair. This shampoo with natural eucylptus hydrates your scalp, nourishes from roots to ends and stimulates your senses. You will achieve hair that's noticeably more radiant and resilient with every use of the shampoo. This shampoo is safe for color treated hair.
<p> Nourish your hair and scalp with this nourishing and moisturizing conditioner. The eucylpatus ingredient is formulated to deeply hydrate your hair from roots to ends for silky smooth hair. The conditioner acts on dry, depeleted ends and invigorates the scalp.
<p> The John Frieda Frizz-Ease Heat Defense Protective Styling Spray works with heat tools and conditions and straightens for up to 24 hours. With ThermaGuard Complex, it protects against damage from daily heat styling.
<p> The John Frieda Full Repair Flyaway Tamer is truly a gift from up above! This product works great on taming flyaway's and keeping your up-do looking flawless. Simply use on dried, styled hair and brush wand over broken hairs to smooth unruly flyaway's. Reapply as needed. Your frayed ends will never look better thanks to John Frieda! This is an ideal item for on-the-go touch ups and a boost of shine.
<p> It's time for you to make room in your bathroom for your new beauty routine. Answer the phone because great hair is on the line!
<h> Saturday, January 5, 2013
<p> Winter can take a harsh toll on our skin. The cold air dries out skin and leaves it rough and tired looking. Moisturizer can help but only temporarily. Not long after the abrasive and dry skin returns. Wouldn't it be nice to wake up with revitalized and healthier skin in just 7 days?
<p> Osmotics Blue Copper 5 Molecular Repair Treatment is a soothing restorative serum that reduces redness and irritation from dry, harsh climates and aggressive dermal procedures. This treatment is an absolute must for anyone facing changes in climate, stress level, hormones or overall environment.
<p> Try Osmotics and you can rescue dull and stressed skin with a powerful seven night ampouile treatment. In just 7 days your skin will be firmer, healthier and more radiant! It's time that you had a complexion that glowed from within.
<h> Friday, January 4, 2013
<p> There's so many uses for personalized items nowadays. You could personalize a mug and a totebag with a picture of the grandchildren for grandma, you can personalize a thermos or water bottle with your company's logo too. You can't forget personalized t-shirts for your next fundraiser either. Personalized items help a memorable event become a reality and leave you with a smile every time you see them.
<p> CafePress is where the world shops for custom t-shirts and other unique gifts that express people's unique personalities. You'll find millions of one of a kind designs on every topic imaginable. Whether you're looking for political expressions, funny stickers, or any other kind of fun personalized product. You can make your own personalized gifts with CafePress's easy design tool. This tool gives you the freedom to add photos and text, and even create designs or logo from scratch. Get creative and personalize a totebag, coffee mug, t-shirt, bumper sticker, poster and much more.
<p> If you're in the market for a great birthday present for that resident electronic and technology lover in your family, I have a great idea for you! Why not personalize an iPad case for them? Create it just for them with their favorite animal and their school colors, or even their name on it too. If they play sports, put their jersey number on it. Create a funky retro pattern that they will love The possibilities are endless. The case will certainly put a smile on their face when they receive it. You could also keep the case and personalize it to your liking as well. Nothing wrong with treating yourself! :)
<p> Here are some examples:
<p> As you can see, the style choices are endless. Let those creatives juices flow!
<h> Sunday, December 30, 2012
<p> If you're looking for a delicious cake for your next event or party, let me introduce you to Cake Devils. Get ready to have your mouth water!
<p> Cake Devils specializes in beautiful and delicious custom cakes for every occasion. Please keep them in mind for a future graduation, wedding, birthday, or even Easter dinner! The company primarily services New York and New Jersey and the lower Hudson Valley.
<p> The cakes are available with fillings such as buttercream in any flavor to compliment cake, fresh fruit, pudding, mousse, cream cheese and cookies and cream. How about topping off your cake with a delicious frosting flavor like caramel, white chocolate, meringue, cream cheese, chocolate ganache and more? I know I would be in sweet treat heaven! Cheesecakes and liquor infused cakes are also made. If you need the cake for a special event or celebration like a child's first birthday or first communion fondant is available too.
<p> Cake Devils also offers cookies but their cakes are the main star of the show. I was sent a large assortment of snicker doodle and chocolate pumpkin cookies which I happily gobbled up. The cookies were fresh and extremely delicious. I loved the cinnamon sugar on the snickerdoodles and the chocolate paired perfectly with the pumpkin.
<p> Here are some examples of the cakes offered:
<p> Baby sock monkey cake
<p> Birthday cake
<p> Toolbox cake
<p> Easter cake
<p> As you can see, they do a wide variety of cakes in different styles. Why not use them for your next event? You won't be disappointed!
<h> Saturday, December 29, 2012
<p> The holidays are all about treats and indulgence. Hot chocolate with a splash of mint, a warm fresh out of the oven snickerdoodle cookie, or even some hearty eggnog is always on the holiday agenda. I feel that this time of the year is the perfect time to spend enjoying yourself with friends and family. Have some laughs and share some family memories over a gift basket of holiday goodies!
<p> A Pour Toi, which translates to "a present for you" is a start up company which was just founded in December 2012. The public launch will go live next month. The company focuses on the elegant gifting experience that nurtures relationship through the joy of a present. Each month, the founder curates a box full of healthy and delicious foods. Wouldn't you love to receive a box each month filled with foods that you enjoy? Goodies are always best shared with others, I believe.
<p> I was sent a box of holiday treats which I couldn't wait to dive into. The packaging on the box is very unique. The box sort of slides open on an angle and inside your treats are revealed in a fun drawstring bag.
<p> As my eyes danced over the goodies, I wasn't sure what to try first. I quickly settled on the chocolate vanilla swirl cookies, of course! These thin, bite-sized cookies had a light dusting of chocolate sugar on them and they were irresistible! They were crunchy and had a texture similar to a graham cracker. The chocolate was light and subtle but still gave the cookie a nice sweet flavor. The sugar crystals on top gleamed in the light, and the light of my stomach too. :) These would go well with a cup of coffee or tea perfectly.
<p> The Italian butterhorns were my absolute favorite, hands down. These twisted treats fit in my heart like a glove! The cookies are made from a light buttery dough and filled with cinnamon sugar and walnuts. The outside also has cinnamon sugar on it too. It's light and flaky and just plain delicious. I quickly became obsessed with them. The inside is soft and just perfect. I honestly can't get enough of them. I've never had one before and wanted to eat the whole bag in one sitting. I still do!
<p> I tried the bitter chocolate truffles next. The outside of the truffle was rolled in a very bitter dusting of chocolate. Not exactly my favorite, but as soon as you get past that you're in the center of the chocolate universe. Inside was smooth and rich chocolate that will make your taste buds sing and then you know all is right in the world. It truly was fabulous chocolate.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of these treats in the next coming days. I know I can't resist them for too long. :)
