<p> NCB Radio would like to extend a huge congratulations to David Hatton and his show Concious D’s Reggae Nights for reaching 1 year of weekly shows and is now officially NCB’s longest running show in the same slot. Whether its constant studio malfunctions or the endless amount of Mick Hucknall jokes, David’s show has been one of the best we’ve ever had on NCB Radio, and all of us here take our Hats off to you. Congratulations.
<p> Dont forget to listen live to Concious D’s Reggae Nights with David Hatton, Every Sunday from 7pm – 9pm. Only on NCB Radio.
<p> Summer is almost here, and that means The Royal Cornwall Show is finally upon us. Despite the shoddy weather conditions forecast for the weekend, the team at NCB Radio are going to brave the terrible conditions to bring you all the latest from the show.
<p> This year, we have teamed up with one of our amazing sponsors, West End Motors, Bodmin, who have allowed us to use their electricity. And of course, we’ll have our team roving round the showground in full force wearing our NCB Radio T-shirts. So if you see any of us, feel free to say hello. Also, you can follow us on Twitter and like our Facebook page to get the latest updates about where we are and what we’re doing.
<p> And if you can’t make it to the show, let NCB Radio provide you with all of the fun and excitement in the comfort of your home. Just click the banner above to listen to some great music and all the best bits from the Royal Cornwall Show 2012.
<p> All in all, it’s looking to be a great three days, so join us live on NCB Radio, The Sound of North Cornwall.
<p> This week on the Thursday Sessions we will be welcoming talented local musician Hal Smith who is going to be playing live for us between 8 and 9pm. After the 9pm watershed, we present out new feature, the Topless Psychologist. Put your problems to our resident psychologist for instant solutions. All that plus the usual malarkey, music and week jokes. Join us Thursday from 8pm – www.ncbradio.co.uk
<p> In the team opinion is divided between whether he is a dead ringer for Noddy Holder or Mick Hucknall from Simply Red.
<p> However, but what we do know is that this man is the ultimate in reggaepedia.
<p> Every Sunday from 7-9pm, let David take you into a two hour journey of some of the best reggae from the Carribean. Regular features include Riddims of the Week and once a month he is joined by the fantastic “Lady C” who turns up armed with lovers rock tracks and much more. It’s great for winding down to, or something to get you bouncing your foot along to while buried in paperwork.
<p> It’s one of NCB’s longest running programmes and if that doesn’t convince you of it’s epicness, then you have to have heard it to believe it.
<p> NCB Radio is pleased to announce that within the next 6-8 weeks, we will be expanding to a FULL TIME SCHEDULE.
<p> We are moving to purpose built facilities within our current home at the Ark Centre in Bodmin, Cornwall and this will allow us to, for the first time, broadcast live throughout the day.
<p> We are now, therefore ON THE LOOKOUT FOR NEW PRESENTERS. Could you be the next Voice of North Cornwall? If you are vibrant, fun, have a few hours spare during the day (at weekdays or weekends)…and want to try your hand at broadcasting to the world- WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU!!!
<p> The NCB Team (Aaron James and Jono Arthur) will be broadcasting LIVE for 24 hours to celebrate our relaunch/1 year anniversary starting at 6pm tonight (28th Jan) and finishing at 6pm tomorrow (29th Jan). We will also be streaming the show via webcam, so you can see the presenters nodding off in the early hours. And we have got several guests and other NCB Presenters popping in throughout the show to help keep our presenters awake! You can also join in on the action by getting in touch with the studio by email (studio@ncbradio.co.uk), phone (01208 808557) or via Facebook or Twitter. So make sure you tune in from 6pm for the NCB Radio 24 Hour Relaunch Show!
<p> Unfortunately, due to our studio relocation, we are now off air until until 28th January 2012- when we will be relaunching with the NCB Radio 24 Hour Relaunch Show from 6pm on January 28th until 6pm on January 29th.
<p> In the meantime- Perfect Pitch with Vincent Vega will will continue to be live every other Saturday from 7pm until Midnight until the relaunch.
<p> This site is currently in Beta and so some features may not work properly or may not have been added yet. If you find any problems with the website (e.g. Usability Issues, Inaccuracies or Browser Incompatibility) or for any queries or questions regarding the website, we ask that you email webmaster@ncbradio.co.uk so we can deal with your problem quickly and efficiently. We appreciate your patience whilst we work on the site and thank you for your continued patronage to the Brand New Sound of North Cornwall.
