<h> Friday, December 19, 2014
<p> Let's face it, winter can take a harsh toll on our skin. The whipping wind and low temperatures do not bode well for keeping skin moisturized. My legs and face always get dry and itchy during the cold months of the year. I always find myself slathering on as many anti-itch lotions and creams as possible. Do yourself a favor and leave that itchy skin at the door this holiday season!
<p> TriCalm is an over-the-counter steroid-free topical anti-itch hydrogel, proven to be five times more effective than hydrocortisone 1% at reducing itch. Most competitive products like Cortizone 10 are steroid-based. Using steroid-based products regularly can cause potential side effects and allergic reactions. For those that suffer from chronic skin itchiness like eczema, Tri-Calm is a great steroid-free alternative. Everyone knows how pesky and annoying dry skin can be, especially when you can't find relief. Relief is now just around the corner for yourself and for children as young as age two.
<p> Squeeze out a drop of relief every time you need it!
<p> Keep a tube of TriCalm with you whenever you need it. Stash some in your purse or tote bag for traveling, and don't forget to also keep a tube in your bathroom too. Don't let dry skin get the best of you, kick it to the curb!
<h> Thursday, December 18, 2014
<p> NestFresh is a proud member of the National Frozen &amp; Refrigerated Foods Association. I am so excited to have a guest post from them in which they share their favorite egg recipes.
<p> In today’s busy world, we all want tasty, wholesome AND convenient meal solutions. Surprise! The frozen food and dairy aisles offer it all! As an initiative of National Frozen &amp; Refrigerated Foods Association, which promotes the sales and consumption of frozen and refrigerated foods, Easy Home Meals came to life as a resource to find simple recipes, easy meal ideas, new product information, tips and much more.
<p> They launched their Easy Home Meals blog this past spring to help you find real solutions for your real life needs. Their Easy Home Meals blog is a place to find recipes, meal ideas, tips and tricks and culinary inspiration—with help from shortcuts from the “cool” aisles of the grocery store.
<p> So, what does that have to do with eggs, you may ask? Eggs are especially important to the Easy Home Meals team for their health benefits and versatility. What they love about eggs is that they’re more than just a breakfast staple. You can incorporate eggs into every meal occasion due to their adaptability! Being an egg-sential part of many food menus, eggs seamlessly fit into a variety of cuisines while maintaining a comfort-food appeal. In 2014, American eateries have seen an increase in dishes that highlight eggs from breakfast to dessert. Because of this trend, 2014 is known as “The Year of the Egg” due to the explosion of egg dishes that go from your average morning omelet to global-inspired lunch and dinner entrées.
<p> Since eggs are an ingredient known for their versatility and nutrition, incorporating them into a variety of dishes works best for those who want delicious and healthy meals. What’s also great is all of the creative possibilities you have with eggs. Between combining eggs with Greek yogurt to make lighter deviled eggs, to topping salads with hard boiled eggs for a protein punch and even having eggs for dinner like the popular steak and eggs dish.
<p> Check out some creative recipes using eggs.
<p> Eggs-cellent Breakfasts
<p> Tacos aren’t just for lunch or dinner. These Cheesy Egg and Potato Breakfast Tacoscombine cheese, eggs, refrigerated potatoes and refrigerated tortillas for a unique but tasty breakfast!
<p> Eggy Desserts
<p> Eggs are often behind-the-scenes of your most loved desserts—like thisMini Smore Pie!
<p> Put your creativity to the test and produce a fantastically delicious egg-centered meal!
<h> Tuesday, December 16, 2014
<p> My daughter is one week old today! It's been a crazy week filled with extreme joy, fear, and pain. I was induced on December 8th and had a 21 hour labor which resulted in an unplanned c-section. Scarlett was posterior which ultimately meant that her face was towards my back. In the end after two hours of pushing (luckily I was able to get an epidural at only 3cm!) I had to have a c-section because she was just not coming out. After each contraction I had intense back pain which was due to her being posterior. The pain was outrageous and honestly the contractions didn't hurt as much as the back pain. I do think my epidural was wearing off at this point.
<p> I never planned on having a c-section, nor did I think I would possibly need one. I was extremely scared and upset. Honestly, I blacked out during the surgery because the next thing I knew I was back in a hospital room and my mom and husband were holding her. I was in so much pain that I didn't even know what she looked like for hours. I couldn't hold her, nor did I even want to.
<p> After Scarlett was born, I had some complications. My heart rate was sky high and fluctuated between 140-160. The doctors and nurses were concerned and couldn't believe I didn't have any chest pains or heart palpitations. I went through a battery of tests including a CT scan, a heart sonogram, and multiple EKG's. In the end everything was fine, I just had extreme anxiety from the whole birthing experience.
<p> My hospital was beyond wonderful. The nurses and doctors took excellent care of Scarlett and myself, and I felt like I was in good hands from the minute I checked in. The c-section recovery has been rough. I needed help getting out of bed and felt truly helpless. By day 2 and 3, I felt well enough to take a shower and walk around minimally. Taking a shower, drying my hair, and putting on makeup made me feel like a new person.
<p> I came home on Saturday and felt okay. By Sunday I had extreme nausea and felt very weak. I also weighed 4 lbs more than I did before I gave birth. My feet looked like balloons and reminded me of a cartoon character. Even after resting a lot I never felt better. I wasn't able to keep anything down and just felt like death and very weak. Today, (Tuesday) is the first day I feel better. CVS gave me a prescription for anti-nausea and it WORKS!! I've also lost 17 lbs of fluid in about 3 days which I attribute to the weak feeling.
<p> Scarlett is a wonderful baby and only cries when she wants to eat. When she's not sleeping she is content to just hang out and look around. So far in her short week of life, I've discovered that she loves to eat, makes cries and noises that sounds like a kitten, and is very strong. She also loves her Halo Sleepsack Swaddle. From the minute I had her, she's been trying to pick her head up by herself. She's a tough little girl and I can't wait to watch her as she grows. We had a doctor appointment yesterday and the doctor said she is wonderfully healthy.
<p> My mom has been here helping me every step of the way and I'm so appreciative for her assistance! It's certainly an adjustment with a new baby. I'm learning to balance time and sleep when she sleeps, etc. I do feel like I don't have any time for myself but I'm learning to make what time I have work.
<p> I look forward to sharing many Scarlett updates with you in the near future!
<h> Saturday, December 13, 2014
<p> If you're looking to put a unique spin on a traditional Christmas dinner this year, I have the perfect suggestion for you. Skip the side dishes like mashed potatoes and casseroles and invite flavor into your mouth with empanadas. These pastries can be filled with meat, cheese, or even fruit. The possibilities of what to stuff them with are endless. All you have to do is choose whether you bake or fry them. Maybe you'll enjoy the side dish change so much that serving empanadas will become your family's new Christmas tradition. The holidays are all about making memories after all.
<p> IMUSA is the leading brand of Hispanic housewares and culinary brand ambassador of international cuisines. The line of cookware is innovative, authentic and affordable. IMUSA's products help bring the abuela's (grandma in Spanish) recipes to life while also capturing the adventurist spirits of culinary dreamers. The product line includes tortilla warmers, steamer pots, panini makers, pots and pans, rice cooker and so much more. There is definitely something available to help you begin your culinary passion in the kitchen.
<p> From December 1st-25th, IMUSA will be giving away one product a day across their social media pages! Today, one lucky winner will have the opportunity to win an empanada maker. If you've never had an empanada before, you haven't truly lived.
<p> This handy little machine will make delicious empanadas to delight your taste buds.
<p> Plug the machine in and in minutes you can make delicious filled pastries that are baked and full of flavor. Fill your dough with shredded meats and cheeses for the perfect holiday side dish. There's no reason why you can't serve dessert empanadas either at your holiday table. Chocolate and banana empanadas or caramel apple would make the perfect sweet treat. I could go for a rich and sweet chocolate and banana empanada right now!
<p> How can you go wrong with chocolate and banana? A classic flavor that always makes stomachs smile.
<p> Head on over to IMUSA's Facebook and Twitter page for your chance to win. Maybe you'll be their next winner!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* IMUSA provided me with monetary compensation in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, December 11, 2014
<p> You'll notice my lack of posts this week, but I have a good reason for that. My daughter Scarlett was born on Tuesday! She was 8 lbs 4 oz and 19 1/2 inches long. My husband and I just love her and she's a very good baby so far!
<h> Sunday, December 7, 2014
<p> With Christmas just around the corner, it's implied that many memories will be made. If you don't already have a camera to take priceless memories with, it's essential you purchase one soon. Best Buy is the ultimate destination for the latest cameras to capture the holidays with.
<p> Why not check out the Canon EOS Rebel T5i? This is one of the best-selling DSLR's on the market. This camera makes advanced photography easy and fun, and gives you exceptional image quality. If you're looking for special features to give your pictures they personality they deserve, the camera certainly delivers. Can't you just imagine editing your pictures to make them pop to send out for Christmas cards? This certainly saves you time and money from hiring a professional photographer to take your family's holiday pictures.
<p> Canon lets you take professional pictures that will make you feel like a photographer. The camera features an 18-megapixel CMOS sensor and image processor that ensures crystal clear pictures.
<p> Everyone knows the holidays can wreak havoc on your wallet, that's why Best Buy has a special money saving offer for you! Head on over to Best Buy to learn how you can save $150 on the Canon EOS Rebel T5i.
<p> Disclaimer:Thereviewer has been compensated in the form of a Best Buy Gift Card and/or received the product/service at a reduced price or for free
<h> Saturday, December 6, 2014
<p> The holiday season is upon us. If you haven't already started buying gifts, you really should start now. Those gifts won't buy themselves you know! Many of us will be traveling for Christmas and we won't be home to watch our favorite TV shows. Wouldn't it be nice if you could bring your shows on the go and watch them whenever you want? It's time to make those TV dreams a reality.
<p> Slingbox is here to make sure you never miss your favorite television show or movie again. With this handy little device, you can enjoy full high-definition movies, sports, and TV shows either live or recorded from your home TV. You're then able to watch them on your internet-connected tablet, phone, laptop, or 2nd TV. Just download the Slingbox app on your smartphone and you're good to go. You can even watch your favorites from overseas! The best part is that there are no monthly fees. This would make a great Christmas present for a friend or a family member, or for anyone who travels a lot.
<p> I'll make you fall in love with TV all over again. You'll never miss anything now.
<p> The first thing that I thought of when learning about the Slingbox was missing your shows when you go on vacation. I recently went on a cruise in July and was gone about two weeks total. Of course I had everything DVR'd at home, but it was really annoying to have to wait to get home to watch my shows. It would have been so nice if I had a Slingbox so I could watch everything on the go and not miss anything. With Slingbox, you can have all of your most loved TV in the palm of your hand.
<h> Thursday, December 4, 2014
<p> Many women in life struggle with getting pregnant. They go to fertility clinics and try special herbs and medicines to help speed up the process. Wouldn't it be nice if everyone could get pregnant quickly and easily?Ready to get pregnant and want to do it as quickly and easily as possible? Then you should be thinking about trying the Conceive Easy TTC Kit. It’s a super helpful all in one kit that can help you to boost your fertility and get pregnant faster. The kit comes with a wide variety of products designed to help your fertility and conception experience be the best it can possibly be.
<p> There are seven main causes of infertility, which you can read about here. About ten percent of couples have fertility struggles, but you don’t always need prescription fertility treatments to deal with those issues. The kit is made of all natural ingredients that can really boost fertility without any harsh side effects, making it a great choice for any woman who needs a little help in the fertility department.
<p> New Year's Eve is just a few weeks away. Doesn't that seem hard to believe? This year really did fly by. Whether you are planning a big party or ringing in the new year quietly with your family, I hope you have a fun and memorable night! Don't forget lots of snacks and drinks either.
<p> Netflix has a special treat for you that will get you moving and shaking in no time. On December 19th, an original hilarious and insane new series will arrive on Netflix. If you're familiar with the movie Madagascar, then you'll recognize King Julien who's a character from the movie. The series titled "King Julien" will take on the jungle's craziest adventures in the new comedy. He'll be joined by his loyal sidekicks Maurice and Mort along with a whole new cast of colorful animals. Your children will fall in love with King Julien the minute they watch the series.
<p> My plans this New Year's Eve include taking care of a new baby. My due date was today but it doesn't seem like my daughter will be making an appearance. That could change though! What do you have planned?
<p> While you wait for December 19th to approach, why not check out these other titles with King Julien's friends from Madagascar?
<p> 1. Merry Madagascar
<p> 2. Madly Madagascar
<p> 3. The Madagascar Penguins: A Christmas Caper
<p> You can't forget about these holiday favorites that everyone loves either:
<p> 1. Curious George: A Very Monkey Christmas
<p> 2. Mumfie's White Christmas
<p> 3. In Search of Santa
<p> 4. VeggieTales: Saint Nicholas: A Story of Joyful Giving
<p> The teens and parents are certainly not left out with the following selections:
<p> 1. Love Actually
<p> 2. The Office: Season 2 Episode 10, Christmas Party
<p> 3. Christmas With the Kranks
<p> 4. Arrested Development, Season 2 Episode 6, Afternoon Delight
<p> With an array of titles to choose from, entertainment is at your fingertips. Whatever you and your friends or family choose to do this New Years, please have fun and be safe.
<h> Tuesday, December 2, 2014
<p> This time of year is very busy for all. Between preparing holiday meals, buying gifts and traveling to see friends and family, we're constantly vying to get everything done at once. If your family is traveling this year, it's essential that they have durable and reliable luggage. Don't forget about your children either! They will love having their own suitcase that they picked out to pack their clothes in. What kind of luggage does your family use?
<p> Haba USA is a gold standard baby and children's brand that is loved by many. They have an eco-conscious approach that aims to increase children's happiness and facilitate development. The brand creates wonderful toys and games that become cherished objects for children of all ages all over the world. Choose from many types of toys including blocks, plush and wooden toys, puzzles, dolls, and so much more. Not only are toys offered but backpacks and luggage too are available. There's certainly many options to choose from that will delight any boy or girl on Christmas morning. If you have a child with an upcoming birthday, surprise them with wooden blocks or a magnetic game that will make them smile. Keep Haba USA in mind for any of your future toy or game needs.
<p> I was sent an adorable Wildlife Trolley Suitcase in the Wildlife Elephant print for my daughter Scarlett. Even though she's not here yet, she will be very soon! As soon as I saw the suitcase I fell in love with it. I instantly imagined her wheeling it through the airport it as we traveled to visit Grandma for future holidays. The suitcases come in a range of wildlife patterns for boys or girls including turtles, giraffes, rhinos, and more. Your child will love having their own animal themed suitcase and they will be so proud to use it.
<p> I'm an adorable pink elephant. What more could you want?
<p> Is your child at that age where they want to be more independent? If so, letting them have their own suitcase is a perfect way to showcase that independence. This adorable suitcase is perfect for little hands to wheel around the airport or train station with. Space is certainly not an issue as the interior offers a deep main pocket with mesh pocket and zipper divider. Don't think there's only storage inside either, there's a large zippered compartment on the outside too. Pack your child's clothes and shoes on the inside while you pack a few toys in the outside storage pocket.
<p> If you're looking for a cutesy suitcase for your daughter, this is definitely the perfect pick for you and her! The colors are bright and vivid and full of personality. I absolutely love the elephant which gives the suitcase an extra zip of pizazz. The suitcase is easy to wheel and I have no issues with the handle being raised or lowered either.
<p> I can't wait until Scarlett is old enough to use this suitcase herself, I just know she'll love it! What little girl wouldn't? In the meantime, my husband and I plan on visiting my parents in February and I'll pack her clothes in this for her. It's just too cute to not use right away!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Haba USA for providing me with a complimentary suitcase in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<p> There’s only one way to survive winter; with a boatload of trendy accessories to keep us looking cool and feeling toasty at the same time. Providing you have the following accessories, you could turn the most summery of outfits into a winter get-up. What will you buy from the list?
<p> A Chunky Snood
<p> A snood is the perfect winter accessory. If you don’t know what one is already, you must be living under a rock! You can wear the snood multiple ways; just take a look online and you’ll see. My favorite way is to wrap it around my neck like a scarf before pulling it over my head to create a hood/scarf effect. It keeps me extra toasty when the weather is frosty!
<p> Winter Boots
<p> Winter boots are a must. I don’t mean Ugg boots either ladies; Boots that are toasty on the inside but look flattering worn with any outfit are a great buy. There are lots of different lengths to choose from, so you’ll need to pick yours depending on your favorite style. They can be a little pricey, but they are worth it if they’ll last you years.
<p> A Trusty Bag
<p> All girls need a trusty bag, whether it’s winter or summer. However, bags change in the winter and are much classier. They are usually made from materials such as leather and found in nice, rich colors; a bit like Shinola bags. Make sure your bag doesn’t let you down by choosing something sturdy.
<p> Thick Tights
<p> Throw some thick tights on with any summer dress and a cardigan and you’ll instantly have a cute outfit perfect for braving the cold. Wearing a summery dress with winter essentials creates a nice contrast too; very fashionable! If you like to be a bit more daring, you can even find tights with crazy patterns on them to funk up your outfits.
<p> A Smart Coat
<p> I really shouldn’t have to explain why every woman needs a smart coat, should I? There are plenty of winter events that call for a smart coat, so you don’t have to sacrifice your health to look good.
<p> Ear Muffs
<p> Ear muffs are the cutest, coolest way to keep your ears toasty. However, you won’t even need to mess up your hair with a hat! This is why so many girls love ear muffs. If you’ve never had a pair, now is the time to try them.
<p> A Russian Hat
<p> Russian hats are another great accessory for keeping our heads and ears warm. You won’t feel compelled to constantly pull your head gear over your ears, as this hat is designed to keep them warm at all times.
<p> The holidays are a magical time for making long-lasting memories with family and friends. Gather around the tree on Christmas morning and open presents while spending quality time with loved ones. This Christmas may be an important one as it's your baby's first one, or maybe your child is now old enough to understand opening presents and is excited about it. Whatever the reason is, recording holiday memories to watch for years to come is priceless. Choose Best Buy this holiday season for all of your video and picture needs.
<p> Step into Best Buy for the latest cameras and camcorders to capture all of your memories. I'll be detailing three cameras below that come equipped with built in Wi-Fi so you can share your photos with ease.
<p> I love the look of this camera, it has such an old-fashioned feel which really appeals to me.
<p> The Sony Alpha features a 24.3 megapixel sensor that makes it easy to shoot in stunning clarity. With such megapixels, you know you'll be taking the clearest and crispest pictures possible. It's available in white or silver and the built-in WiFi allows your to share stored content across all social media devices. In case you were wondering, I prefer the black camera over the silver for Christmas ;).
<p> Finally, the Samsung Galaxy Camera 2 is the perfect pick if you're working with a tight budget. This 16.3 megapixel camera allows you to shoot, share, and use Android apps. The sensor lets you capture sharp images and high-definition video footage. The 4.8" touch screen simplifies operation and the built-in WiFi makes sharing stored files easy. Choose from either white or silver depending on your style.
<p> Say Cheese!
<p> The Samsung Galaxy Camera 2 is a must for anyone with an Android based phone. Any recipient who receives this underneath the tree on Christmas morning will be delighted.
<p> Visit the Best Buy Holiday Gift Center to see more wonderful camera options. Whether you're giving one as a gift or shopping for yourself, I know you'll find the perfect camera that fits your needs.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thereviewer has been compensated in the form of a Best Buy Gift Card and/or received the product/service at a reduced price or for free.
<h> Monday, December 1, 2014
<p> Whether you are arranging a party for a friend, a get together for yourself or a work event it stands to reason that you are going to want things to go as smoothly as possible. Arranging a party can seem like hard work, but really as long as you get organised and keep on track with where you are it can be much easier than you imagine.
<p> Before you can really get your teeth stuck into arranging a party, you need to think about the type of party you want to arrange. A big part of this will be to do with what the occasion is and who will be attending. You'll probably arrange something different for an 18th birthday than you would for a 50th wedding anniversary for example. It isn't difficult to get sorted, just think about what is most appropriate for the people who are going to be attending.
<p> Getting Organised
<p> Once you have done this you can start to think about the party itself and getting organised. Without a doubt at this stage you need to create a party checklist
<p> . This gives you the chance to tick off items that have been arranged so you can see where you at. This also lets you know what needs doing before the event and whether you need to work a little harder in order to get things done in time.
<p> Hiring The Right People
<p> No one is suggesting that you are able to do all of this on your own, so there is nothing wrong with hiring people to help. If you need lots of help then you could hire a party planner but this isn't essential. If you are going to hire their services then it is vital that you check their services and ensure that they are up to the job. Most companies should have you can see or testimonials that you can read before you hire their services. Services you could consider hiring includes caterers, DJ's and even furniture hire if that is needed. Speak to the party venue that you have in mind and see how much they arrange for you and how much you are expected to do yourself.
<p> A big part of the party is the venue that you supply. Most of the time you will need to decorate this yourself but that really isn't difficult. One great tip is to fill the room with banners and balloons galore. These are relatively inexpensive so a great way of decorating a room without worrying too much about the cost. They also come in a whole range of colors so getting something that complements your chosen color scheme won't be difficult.
<p> Depending on the type of event you are arranging you might also need to consider table layouts, seating for everyone and even whether you are going to have a seating plan or not. Lighting, staging and even getting the bar setup are all things that you might to consider.
<h> Friday, November 28, 2014
<p> I’m pretty sure a handmade gift is the one of the nicest things you can give friends and family. The mistake most people make (myself included) is being over ambitious in the choice of project. Spending the hundredth night in trying desperately to finally finish that boring scarf or awkward jumper is enough to send anyone running to the shops. The trick is to pick projects that aren’t too challenging in the first place, so you can take your time getting them just right. I’ve put together a list of my 5 favourite foolproof gift ideas to make your job just a little bit easier.
<p> The old ideas are always the best and, as every new mum will tell you, you can never have too many baby blankets! For that reason alone it’s important you choose a wool that is machine washable at high temperatures and super soft. If you’re pressed for time, opt for a chunkier yarn that will knit up faster. The stockinette stitch is a great choice for these little blankets since it’s bumpy on one side and nice and smooth on the other, perfect for baby!
<p> A twist on the classic quilt and much quicker to whip up, you can make these these useful gifts in colours that match the kitchen your intended recipient. You don’t need much to make a great pot holder, a decent sewing machine, quilt wadding and a collection of colourful fabrics scraps will pretty much do it. Not much of a seamstress? Don’t worry,www.GrandmaLikesToSew.com has some great tips and tricks for beginners as well as a list of online tutorials.
<p> OK so this one is more of a homemade update than a homemade gift but it’s a great one for getting the kids involved. A couple of simple white T’s and some fabric paint is all you need to create your masterpieces. You can make some stamps out of potatoes or sponges for a bit of a change, personally I find the kid’s love plastering painted handprints all over it.
<p> Another brilliant way to get the kids involved, print out blank calendars (you can get templates online and stick them to sheets of coloured A3 paper. Let the little ones loose with the paint and see what masterpiece they come up with.
<p> For a slightly more grown up look, you could always use a personalised calendar service. Technically it’s a bit of a cheat on the handmade theme but since it's still personal and surprisingly time consuming, I think it still counts as a great homemade gift idea.
<p> Saving the best to last, cakes, cookies and truffles are the stalwarts of the homemade gift industry for good reason! Quick and easy to whip up, these treats are guaranteed crowd pleasers and fantastic for filling gift hampers and goody bags. For a gift with wow factor, I would highly recommend Dandelion and Burdock Truffles. These guys are a bit fiddly to make but well worth the extra effort -I have yet to meet anyone who doesn’t love them at first sight!
<p> Giving someone a hamper full of festive tasty treats for Christmas is now a well-established tradition. But how did it start?
<p> The history of the hamper
<p> You may be surprised to learn that giving someone a hamper of food dates right back to William the Conqueror. Originally a French tradition, the concept of giving baskets of treats for a special occasion was introduced to England in the 11th century.
<p> It was after the development of the railways during the Victorian era that the tradition of giving Christmas hampers really started. As the railways grew, it became much easier to send perishable items right across the country before they spoiled. Employers, such as those with large estates, also used to give their employees hampers at Christmas as a kind of bonus. Ensuring that all their staff had enough food and drink to enjoy a happy Christmas.
<p> Once the idea of giving hampers came across the pond to the United States, it quickly expanded and is the basis of the whole concept of gift baskets. As you probably know, gift baskets are now given for almost any occasion. From welcoming a new neighbour with scones or cookies, to luxury beauty products for a birthday - or a hamper full of nappies and toys for a baby shower.
<p> Ready made Christmas hampers
<p> There are many companies that sell pre-made hampers, consisting of a whole range of tasty and festive foods and treats. These typically include smoked meats or hams, cheeses, fruitcake or plum pudding, relishes, jams and wine or port. More modern versions may include olive oil, handmade pasta or even champagne and caviar.
<p> You can also find speciality hampers that are suitable for people with special dietary requirements, such as wheat or dairy allergies. You can even buy vegetarian, vegan and organic hampers these days.
<p> You can even put together a hamper yourself for a more personalized gift. It’s easy to source the wicker hamper itself; you don’t need to opt for an expensive artisan version. Many homeware stores are a great source of cheap baskets, boxes and ‘storage solutions’. Then you can have fun choosing what food and drink to include, depending on the person you’re giving it to.
<p> If you’re really going for a personal touch, you could make the food and treats yourself. Make a batch of cookies, mince pies or chocolate sweets. You can even personalize them by writing the recipients name on some items with icing. Or, if you have a stock of homemade pickles and jams, you can add these too for a mix of sweet and savoury flavors.
<p> Don’t forget your presentation skills. You can fill the hamper with store-bought hay or shredded tissue paper before adding your items. Or, you could even shred some of last year’s wrapping paper for a festive touch. And finally, invest in plenty of ribbons to tie to the handles and make everything look pretty. Opt for festive colours such as red and green, and maybe include some gold touches too.
