<h> Wednesday, January 21, 2015
<p> When you have a new baby, there's a lot that comes with the territory. You'll need diapers, wipes, clothes, burp cloths, bottle warmers, and so much more. One thing that you're given automatically at birth for free is crying. Babies cry frequently and much more than I realized until I had my own child. It can be difficult when nothing soothes them and you're out of ideas. It's time to stop the crying and make your baby happy again.
<p> Baby Shusher is the sleep miracle device designed to calm and soothe your baby instantly. It's a given that when you're a new parent, you won't be getting much sleep. Everyone tells you this and I can guarantee that it's true. All babies are comforted by the sound of womb noises, especially the whooshing or shushing noise that they are familiar with from in utereo. The Baby Shusher allows a baby to safely stop crying with a rhythmic shushing noise. Not only does it calm them down, but allows both you and baby to get the sleep you both need. Babies cry for a number of reasons including needing a diaper change, being hungry, or even cold. It does pose a challenge when your baby won't stop crying and nothing you do seems to help. The Baby Shusher is here to make your life easier and less stressful. This device is a perfect baby shower present and one that surely won't be at the top of the list for returns.
<p> I've been following the 5 S's for caring for my baby, particularly swaddling and shushing. My daughter seems to instantly calm down when swaddled tightly and being loudly shushed. I will put my mouth right up to her ear and make shushing noises as loud as possible. This comforts her and stops the crying. Your mouth will get tired from making the noise, so I was elated when I found out that there's a device that will do the hard work for me!
<p> An orange miracle
<p> The unit offers 15 or 30 minutes of continuous shushing that will soon become life saving. There's a volume control that you can adjust to you or baby's liking. When I received this product, I instantly wanted to try it. If I'm downstairs in my house, my six week old daughter is usually hanging out in her swing. The swing primarily calms her down, but sometimes it's not enough and she'll cry. I don't always want her to necessarily go to sleep, but having her settle down and be less upset is a main priority.
<p> I used the Baby Shusher for the first time yesterday. It's a light-weight, compact product that easily fits in a swing or crib. There's a speaker on the bottom that broadcasts the shushing noise that babies love. I switched it on and selected the 30 minute timer and turned the volume all the way up. When selecting which timer you want to use, it's a little confusing since you're not sure which one is 15 minutes or 30 minutes. There are two different triangles on the product that you have to differentiate from. I had to end up looking at the instructions to figure out which timer to use. It would be easier if it was clearly labeled.
<p> Once the product was in her swing, she instantly calmed down in about 30 seconds. The crying ceased and my fussy daughter turned into the angel baby that I knew was in there. The noise is even soothing to me and I feel like I'd eventually fall asleep to it too if given the opportunity! Scarlett eventually fell asleep which at the time was the goal I was aiming for. I've noticed that when she's overtired she can't get the sleep she so desperately needs and instead melts down. Sleep is so important for babies and new parents alike. I was also able to take a short nap too which left me refreshed and in a clearer state of mind to care for her.
<p> This product is truly fantastic and a life-saver. Even if you want to just quickly make dinner or clean your house and you couldn't before because of a crying baby, now you can. The Baby Shusher is a must-have for fussy babies. The portability of it is wonderful and it's something that should always be packed in a diaper bag or carry-on bag when traveling. I will surely be recommending it to anyone who's pregnant, or for new moms.
<p> There's no reason to be stressed out and on edge any longer from a fussy, upset baby. The Baby Shusher is here to make you and baby happy again and that's worth every penny.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Baby Shusher for providing me with a complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<h> Tuesday, January 20, 2015
<p> Acne is one of the biggest skin challenges I face. For years, I've had breakouts on my cheeks, forehead, and around my chin. Not only does it look unattractive, it makes you feel self conscious too. I've experimented with so many different acne products over time. I've realized that some provide me with success, while some don't work at all. Wouldn't it be nice to eliminate acne for good and get that self-confidence back?
<p> Zapzyt will provide you with the acne relief that you've been dreaming of. Did you know that one in five women between the ages of 25 to 40 suffer from adult acne? It's time to disconnect yourself from that statistic. Zapzyt's acne treatments are fast-acting, effective, and free of alcohol, fragrances, and dyes. The line features two cleansers, the acne wash cleanser, and the pore clearing scrub. There are two on-the-spot treatments for rapid relief, the acne treatment gel and the pore treatment gel. Both feature medications and soothing botanicals to help heal and moisturize skin. It's time to get your flawless skin back and feel wonderful about yourself for once and for all.
<p> Warning: These products may make you and your skin smile.
<p> Keep Zapzyt's products in your medicine cabinet or bathroom drawer for easy access. You'll see how easy it is to incorporate them into your skin regimen. If you're looking for results that will delight you, Zapzyt is for you. Clear skin is just around the corner!
<h> Thursday, January 15, 2015
<p> Now that I have my own family, it's important to me to have family pictures and memories on the walls of my home. My daughter was born five weeks ago and I'm starting to order her pictures for wall canvases and collages. They will of course be mixed in with pictures of my husband and I and our dog. A family is a very special thing and surely something to be proud of. If you're looking to celebrate your family in a unique way, Custom Wood Engravings is happy to help with that.
<p> Custom Wood Engravings is an Etsy shop ran by owner Maura who is fabulously talented. Maura creates personalized wooden engraved picture frames and wall decor. Each item is engraved using a laser engraving machine. The wooden picture frames can be made however you'd like for whatever event or occasion. Do you know someone who recently had a new baby? A personalized picture frame with the baby's name and birth stats makes the perfect present for the new parents. Don't forget Grandma this Mother's Day when you give her a frame featuring her grand children's names with a picture of them in it. A family name wooden sign is the ideal housewarming gift for a family's new home, or for a couple who recently got married. Anything from Maura's shop would look wonderful on your walls and would certainly be a conversation starter.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive the opportunity to review two special pieces from Custom Wood Engravings. I chose to be sent a family name wooden sign, and a picture frame for my husband. We don't currently have anything that commemorates us as a family, and I knew the wooden sign would be the perfect piece to have. The frame for my husband honors him as a new dad, which I knew he'd appreciate.
<p> My family in wooden form!
<p> This sign is seriously cool, and I've never seen anything like it before. I'm so happy with how it came out! You have the option of choosing from a variety of colors that Maura offers, along with the sizing of your choice. I selected black because I thought it would look great with the natural wood underneath. The paint is high quality and guaranteed to be long-lasting. The wooden sign can be customized however you'd like. If you want to add in your own words instead of the default phrases on the bottom, that's okay too. I chose to have my last name on the top and the establishment date of 8/31/2013 which is my wedding date. Underneath the wedding date the names of my family members are displayed. The sturdy 16x16 size that I chose was perfect for the wall space and it looks fabulous hung. Each sign conveniently comes with hooks for hanging. The black paint is glossy and the engraving is clear and easy to read. I couldn't be more pleased with it.
<p> I love that I have something as special and meaningful as this work of art in my home. This is certainly a piece that was made with love and dedication and Maura's talent surely shines through. I enjoy the fact that it's custom and not something that you can buy at a local store. I'll surely enjoy it for years to come.
<p> Preserve those memories in wooden style
<p> The frame for my husband was something I knew he'd really enjoy. I chose to have "Daddy" engraved on top with "established 2014" underneath. On the bottom are two wooden hearts which I thought was a cute finishing touch for the 4x6 frame. Just like with the wooden sign, you can choose the sizing and color of your choice along with whatever customization. For this frame, I opted to stick with the natural wooden look. Currently, there is no picture in the frame yet. I want to take a picture of Scarlett with my husband as there isn't one that exists yet. It would be the perfect picture for the frame!
<p> I love the varying light and dark shades of wood that are featured on the frame. It provides a great contrast and catches your eye when you look at it. The frame is made well and stands up with ease. I can't wait until I have a picture in it. It will look fantastic on my husband's night stand or dresser. I'm sure he'll smile each time he looks at it too! Who can resist a cute baby?
<p> I'm extremely satisfied with how both products came out and truly love them. I highly recommend Maura's services for any of your future gift needs. For the person who has everything, something from Custom Wood Engravings is the one thing you can guarantee that they don't have.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Custom Wood Engravings for providing me with complimentary items in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<p> Juicing is something that I started during my pregnancy to give myself and baby the extra nutrition that we needed. I started every morning off with a strawberry, banana, kale, and almond milk smoothie. Not only was my beverage delicious, but it provided us with optimal benefits. Even if you don't have time for breakfast, everyone has five minutes to make a smoothie to take with you on the go. Don't give in to tempting unhealthy treats like donuts or muffins. Start everyday off with a fantastic glass filled with the best thing you can do for yourself. Your body will thank you!
<p> Tribest creates quality products that make you happy while allowing you to live a healthier lifestyle. If you're looking to make the switch to a better life, Tribest is here for you. They have juicers and blenders for a great start to the morning, sprouters so you can grow your own wheatgrass for wheatgrass shots, and dehydrators for creating easy snacks like dehydrated fruit. Go ahead and make room on your countertop for a Tribest juicer. You'll use it daily and your appliances will welcome the new addition. Keep Tribest in mind for gifts for yourself or anyone else. Everyone deserves a healthy lifestyle. If you don't currently lead a diet that you're proud of, it's never too late to start.
<p> The Tribest Fruitstar is the perfect juicer to create those tasty smoothies that will make your stomach smile.
<p> Get your apples, bananas, pineapple and almond milk ready for a fabulous and refreshing beverage!
<p> This juicer was designed with safety and convenience in mind to provide you with the best results possible. You can feel good about your appliance choice knowing it's BPA free and has a powerful 240 watt motor. The motor spins at a slow 80 rpm ensuring the preservation of nutrients while still retaining the power to process a variety of fruits and veggies.
<p> Skip those expensive juice bars and create those costly smoothies at home for half the price. The juicer is built to last and the heavy duty juicing screen prevents wear and tear. Tribest's Fruitstar juicer offers an innovative pulp wiping assembly which reduces clogging due to pulp buildup on the juicing screen.
<p> Make sure whatever fruit or vegetable combination you choose that it's as delicious as possible.
<p> Even at age 26 I still suffer from the occasional acne breakout. I thought I would be done with acne years ago, but I'm still battling skin issues. It's also harder for me to lose weight in certain areas of my body too. I look at other women who have perfect skin and their weight in check and wonder how they got so lucky. Wouldn't it be nice if we could all feel confident with our bodies every single day?
<p> Estroblock is a dietary supplement that helps with hormonal balance and weight management. Xenoestrogens are often produced by toxins commonly found in our foods. If left unchecked, they will dilute our naturally produced hormones and cause health issues like acne, obesity, and even cancer. It's time to take back your hormone health and feel positive about life again. Estroblock naturally clears toxic estrogens from the body.
<p> Estroblock contains DIM and I3C in the correct ratio to protect you from harmful xeno-estrogens. Xenoestrogens can be responsible for pear-shaped bodies and water retention in women. For men, this could mean genecomastia and an inability to lose fat. These pesky estrogens can be found in plastics, pesticides, preservatives, and household products that we come in contact with everyday. Once absorbed, these chemicals metabolize into toxins responsible for estrogen dependent cancers.
<p> Keep a bottle of Estroblock close at hand in your bathroom medicine cabinet for everyday use. Why live life dealing with issues you don't have to? It's time to make Estroblock the star of your life.
<h> Wednesday, January 14, 2015
<p> As a mom you may find yourself being pulled in multiple directions. Your child may want help with his or her homework, your husband wants you to make dinner, and you haven’t finished the laundry yet or written the articles that your client requested. When life gets busy it’s hard to complete everything and even more difficult to get some time to yourself. If you’re having a hard time relaxing and finding time for yourself there are methods you can consider implementing in your life. Here are a few ideas to motivate you as you deal with life’s daily tasks.
<p> Allow Yourself Some Alone Time Every Day
<p> Having just read this sub heading you may be thinking, "How am I supposed to get some alone time when I don’t have any more time to give?!" Instead of panicking that you now have to figure out where to schedule time in for yourself, give yourself a break. There may be some days when you don’t get everything done and that’s okay. Set aside a half an hour or even an hour where you get to take a bubble bath without interruptions or sit down and read your book by the fire. Its okay to tell your children and husband that homework (well, unless it’s due tomorrow) and dessert can wait. Make yourself a priority and your children and husband will enjoy being around you much more.
<p> MELT Away the Pain with Hand and Foot Treatments
<p> Since you’re most likely on your feet most of the day and are using your hands quite a bit, consider investing in MELT Hand and Foot Treatments by Melt Method. A heel pain treatment will help ease the pain you’re experiencing in your feet and will also provide you with treatments that can teach you how to manage your daily aches and pains. What’s more, you’ll learn how to prevent pain from the start with self treatment plans. Experiencing stress relief due to a positive treatment plan will help you become a mom and wife who has time for herself and can also be there for her family.
<p> Plan a Girl’s Weekend
<p> If you’ve been out of touch with your girlfriends because you’re busy with the kids and life in general why not try getting back in touch with them. If they’re up to it you can plan a girl’s weekend that consists of a spa day, catching up, and maybe even going to a movie. Having a girl’s weekend can be cathartic, and it can also help you invest time in yourself. You’ll come back refreshed and ready to give your best to your family knowing you’ve spent some much needed time taking care of yourself.
<p> I've only been a mom for five weeks now, but it's a role that I take very seriously. My daughter is very important to me and I want to spend every free second I have with her. I've always loved the personalized mom jewelry that I've seen moms sporting online. When I had my daughter, I made it a priority to start researching necklaces and bracelets that I could display with her name. I feel that every mom should have jewelry featuring their pride and joy!
<p> Simply Loved Shop is an Etsy shop ran by owner Bobby Jen. She creates beautiful, custom hand-stamped jewelry that will make you smile. The hand-stamped style offers such a unique and interesting look. You can either choose to have a certain phrase or name stamped on the discs on the necklace, or have the initials of your children or grandchildren. The necklaces are sterling silver and would make the ideal gift for that special lady in your life for Valentine's Day or Mother's Day. You can specify whether you'd like a 16 or 18 inch chain depending on your style and preference. There's nothing more special then having your beloved children worn close to your heart.
<p> I was able to review the sterling silver initial necklace from Bobby Jen's shop. This was very exciting to me because it was the first piece of mom jewelry in my collection. I chose to have Scarlett's initials stamped on the discs. I realized after that people might think I have three children because of the three different letters, but I'll know the truth and will explain if they ask.
<p> How pretty is this necklace? It will definitely be a piece I'll wear all the time.
<p> I'm very satisfied with how the necklace came out. The chain is extremely sturdy and thick, so I won't have to worry about it opening and falling off. I have no trouble reading the letters as they are clear and easily visible. The hand stamped look is a rustic look that really appeals to me. I wish I had even half the talent to create jewelry like this! The surface area of the discs is actually quite large. I wasn't crazy about the default font that Bobby Jen uses, but I really like how it came out. If I want to take the "loved" tag off, I can in the future so that way you only see Scarlett's initials.
<p> This necklace is special to me and I'll feel proud each time I wear it. Right now Scarlett is my only child, but if I were to have more in the future I look forward to combining both children's name on one necklace.
<p> If you're looking for a special piece of jewelry that will never go out of style, please order a hand-stamped necklace for yourself from Simply Loved Shop's Etsy Shop.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary necklace in exchange for this review from Simply Loved Shop's Etsy Shop. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<p> Spending your time peacefully is a blessing. However, for this, you should have a sense of wellbeing. In today’s post, I'll provide you with some tips to stay mentally healthy.
<p> Talk Do you think that talking with others can fill your mind with negativity? If yes, you are talking to wrong people. We want you to talk to people from whom you can share your thoughts and stay positive. Also, it helps in improving our personal relationships. Participate in games that require you to use your mind.
<p> Participate in games that require you to use your mind Sudoku, chess, and a number of other games should be on your list. Enjoy yourself while playing it and try to win it. Apart from games, you can spend time drawing pictures, playing with pets, reading a book and so on.
<p> Be a part of a group or club Share your interests and learn something about others. Look for a group with a common interest. This will help you gel in the group with ease.
<p> Yoga and meditation This is important because it helps you focus on a particular point. Moreover, you can do it even when you are alone. You are not dependent on anyone. So, get some CDs for your session and help yourself. If you are about to buy them online, visit Chameleon John and choose a coupon that will help you get the best deal on these CDs.
<p> Take care of yourself You are an important human being. I am not saying that to flatter you, but you actually are an important human being. So, take good care of yourself. If needed, go to a spa and get a full body massage too.
<p> Stop taking stress We all know that you are trying too hard to get rid of each and every problem on your mind. However, that is not possible if you are stressed. In fact, that will add to your issues and will further deteriorate your health. So, STOP TAKING STRESS!
<p> Challenge yourself If you have not achieved something today, challenge yourself to achieve something tomorrow. If you have achieved something great today, challenge yourself to achieve something even bigger today. Challenges help you understand that something has to be achieved and on achieving it, you can feel proud and confidence. How does it help? Well, studies suggest that a confident mind is stronger.
<p> Take some time off your busy schedule During this time, you should rest. Resting helps you refresh your mind. So, take a break and look at the clouds or daydream. It will help!
<p> Ask If you are confused about something, ask others for help. Don’t feel shy. It won’t help. However, asking them for a solution and working on it will help. This is important because you are piling up the issues in your mind, which is occupying space. Clear it from your mind and you will feel at ease.
<p> Apart from these tricks, what do you do to improve your mental health? Please let us know about it with your comments below.
<h> Tuesday, January 13, 2015
<p> It's that dreaded time of year where sickness is all around us. Cold and flu season is no joke and it's mandatory that you do whatever you can to protect yourself from sickness. In the colder months of the year I seem to always have a sore throat and cold without fail. I'm always researching home remedies to cure that pesky sore throat. Wouldn't it be nice to skip the sickness this year and feel great instead?
<p> Go Gargle soothes and moisturizes a sore throat like no other. Go ahead and drop a tablet in a glass of warm water, let it dissolve, then gargle your sore throat away. Most sprays or drops just mask the pain, but the healing power of salt featured in Go Gargle works to reduce inflammation. The honey, aloe, and chamomile soothe throat tissue and provide long lasting relief. Did you know that each year over 15 million people visit a doctor for a sore throat? Don't let that statistic include you this year. Keep Go Gargle with you anytime your throat needs some attention. Your medicine cabinet will be thrilled to meet its newest family member.
<p> There's nothing quite like the pain from a sore throat. When your throat feels like it's on fire and you have difficulty swallowing, all you can do is hope for instant relief. Cold water or ice cream can provide some relief, but it's only temporary. You need to get to the root of the sore throat and kick it to the curb.
<p> When I had the opportunity to try Go Gargle, I knew it was something that I couldn't pass up. Conveniently when it came in the mail yesterday, I was suffering from a sore throat. The timing of the package's arrival couldn't have been better. I was very excited to try the product and hopefully receive some much needed relief.
<p> I dropped a tablet in a glass of warm water as instructed and watched the fizzy action that followed. The fizz was the key component in reducing the inflammation in my throat and I was thrilled to see it. The tablet provided a minty flavor which was pleasant, but not overly strong at all. Once I gargled, my throat instantly felt moisturized thanks to the honey, chamomile, mint, and aloe. Not long after I felt so much better and couldn't believe how quickly the product worked. I was impressed and wondered why this product hadn't been in my life all along. Gargling is a time tested remedy that truly works, but people turn to medicines instead because they think they will work better. I'm guilty of this as well but will not depend on sore throat medicines any longer. Go Gargle now has a special place in my bathroom cabinet for anytime my husband and I might need it.
<p> The tube of Go Gargle contains 10 tablets that you can throw in your purse for work or school, or in your carry on bag for traveling. The convenient tube is small enough to be taken virtually anywhere you need it.
<p> Any time I have a sore throat in the future, you can guarantee I'll be turning to Go Gargle. If you want to make your throat smile, it's time to introduce Go Gargle to it.
<h> Monday, January 12, 2015
<p> If I had ample space and unlimited funds, I would spend hundreds of dollars a month on bath and skin products. It would make me smile to see my bathroom cabinets filled with bubble bath, bath salts and fizzies, and bath scrubs. I'm one of those people who immensely enjoys receiving skincare and bath gifts. One of the best ways to relax is with a bubble bath, especially when it's cold outside. When's the last time you treated yourself to some new bath products?
<p> Olivia Tree Bath Products is an Etsy shop which specializes in creating beautiful gift baskets filled with fabulous bath products. Each basket contains custom, hand-crafted, all-natural and organic products. You can expect to see products featured such as oil infusion, bath salts, salt or sugar scrubs, cream bath soak, and more. The basket contains no less than 90% certified organic ingredients for each product. If you're giving a gift in the near future, why not consider a spa gift basket from Olivia Tree Bath Products? The recipient will appreciate it and their skin will love you for it too. Don't hesitate to treat yourself too!
<p> If you've been looking to try new bath products, I have the perfect picks for you. Your skin will be excited to sample the following items:
<p> Peppermint Bath Salt Soak
<p> Evergreen Cream Bath Soak
<p> Peppermint Oil Infusion
<p> Lavender Salt Scrub
<p> Sugar and Spice Sugar Scrub
<p> Bath Recipe Card Set
<p> All you need to do now is schedule some "me" time in so you can truly relax. Don't forget some wine and chocolate too!
<h> Thursday, January 8, 2015
<p> Having a baby is such a special and exciting time in a person's life. It's essential to capture that newborn stage on film as babies grow and change so quickly. Since finding out I was having a girl, I dreamed of those adorable newborn shots complete with tutu's and oversized headbands. There's nothing like having precious picture memories of your tiny baby. They will surely enjoy seeing the images when they are older. If you're having a baby in the near future, it's essential that you have newborn pictures taken!
<p> Cathy Wilson Ramin is a photographer who specializes in newborn, children, and family photography in Fairfield and New Haven counties in Connecticut. Cathy's philosophy is to tell the story of your family or child through beautiful images. She offers candid sessions which could be taken in the location of your choice, video sessions, snapshots, and newborn sessions. Two unique options that she features are a "day in the life" and a "watch me grow" package. The day in the life sessions documents a specific day in your family's life-whether it be a family reunion or a child's birthday party. If you're looking for something truly special, the watch me grow package is for you. This package consists of monthly sessions that documents your child's first year of life and captures major milestones like rolling over and crawling. If you're in the Fairfield County area, don't hesitate to contact Cathy. She'll be ready to schedule the photo shoot of your dreams.
<p> At the end of my pregnancy I started to research newborn photographers. I stumbled upon Cathy's photography business and she seemed like the perfect photographer to take Scarlett's pictures. For the newborn sessions, Cathy comes to your home with a portable studio that includes blankets, wraps, hats, and bows. All of these props and tools assist in creating those perfect sleepy, snuggly adorable newborn shots that everyone loves. I really liked that she comes to your home and takes the pictures in an environment where both you and baby are most comfortable.
<p> From the beginning of when you schedule your photo session with Cathy, she makes sure that you're completely satisfied and getting exactly what you want. She sets up a Pinterest board for you and allows you to pin example pictures that you'd like her to similarly take on the board. I'm very interested in the small details in pictures and pinned example pictures of baby's feet, sleepy baby shots, the details of a headband or outfit, etc. Everything I pinned helped her to understand exactly what my photography style was. Once the Pinterest board was set up, I sent her pictures of Scarlett's nursery so she could plan her shot sheet around it. A few days later, I received an email with a list of certain picture styles and themes she wanted to take. Cathy was very open to any changes I wanted to make and worked with me to accommodate my needs.
<p> On the day of the shoot I was unfortunately very sick and not able to participate as much as I wanted. My mom and aunt were at my house visiting and overseeing the session. Cathy came in tow with a variety of special wraps and blankets that she was planning on using in different shots. She also used some of my own oversized bows and headbands for the session too. I noticed Cathy's attention to detail right away and how she spent time making sure each shot was perfect. Scarlett cooperated quite well and I couldn't believe how fantastic each shot looked. For example, Cathy put Scarlett on a pink beanbag with a sheepskin throw blanket on top. The baby was then wrapped in a pink wrap with a beautiful lit background. It looked stunning and I couldn't wait to see a still shot of it!
<p> Cathy spent many hours at my home and never seemed to tire of the photo session. She didn't just snap away and hope to achieve the perfect shot, but she worked to ensure that each shot was just so no matter how long it took. Her pride and dedication to her craft was truly evident and I was very impressed with her work. Her calm demeanor made it very easy to work with her as well.
<p> When the pictures arrived I was absolutely blown away. I couldn't have imagined seeing anything more beautiful and will truly treasure these photos forever! Each picture was more stunning than the next and I'm so happy with how they came out. Cathy did a fantastic job and I'm truly grateful for the pictures. I'm looking forward to framing the pictures and putting some on canvases on the wall in my home. Scarlett will enjoy seeing the pictures when she's older, I'm sure. I also love that I have such a special time captured.
<p> What sets Cathy apart is that she also creates video birth announcements which are perfect for sharing with friends and family who live far away. This unique option is special because she mixes all of the still images with video that is set to a song of your choice. You'll have your new baby on video to share and make you smile for years to come.
<p> I highly recommend Cathy for any of your future photography needs, you will not be disappointed. Please connect with her on Facebook to talk to her about scheduling a photo shoot!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received complimentary photography services in exchange for this review. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<h> Tuesday, January 6, 2015
<p> Even though I left my job back in October to go on maternity leave, I can still remember how the workday just seemed to drag and last forever. It was sometimes hard to focus and get everything that was needed to be completed finished. An eight or nine hour workday can bring on a multitude of stressors including project deadlines and meetings. Once you go home for the day it can be hard to unwind and achieve that "me" time that everyone needs on a daily basis. It's essential that you de-stress and relax to maintain sanity!
<p> Wojo Nutrition is a line of single-use liquid supplements that you can add to your favorite hot or cold beverage. Try a Wojo Focus to help you focus more at work or school, while the Wojo Energy may help you get house chores or errands done in a quicker and more efficient manner. Lastly, Wojo Calm may help you de-stress after a long day at work or even after traveling. Each liquid supplement contains no sugar, artificial sweeteners, colors/flavors, and the packaging is BPA free. I know I'd love to add Wojo Calm to a glass of iced tea to help me relax after a day of taking care of my newborn. Throw any Wojo supplement in your purse, backpack, or even gym bag so you'll have them on hand anytime you feel that you could benefit from them.
<p> This small but mighty supplement will give you the boost of energy you need to get through the tough parts of your day. The proprietary blend includes natural extracts to rev up your metabolism. Simply squeeze one vial into your coffee, water, or soda and stir. Don't exceed more than two supplements a day. Maybe you'll be able to tackle organizing your closet or garage thanks to Wojo Energy now?
<p> Think of Wojo Focus as your little green friend. Squeeze the vial into a glass of cranberry lemonade and soon your mind and body will be rejuvenated. You'll be able to focus at the necessary tasks at hand. It's time to get cracking and study for that biology quiz that you've been putting off. Let Wojo Focus help you ace it!
<p> Doesn't that beautiful blue color make you feel calm just from looking at it? I know I feel that way. Your iced coffee is dying for a vial of Wojo Calm to help you feel more at ease and relaxed. Whether you're looking to unwind at a party with family or friends, or having a movie night at home with your husband, Wojo Calm is there to help you. With Wojo Calm at your side, everything will be right in the world again.
<p> Whatever kind of day you're having or want to have, make sure to keep Wojo Nutrition close at hand. Think of them as your survival tools for the day and you'll never go wrong.
<h> Monday, January 5, 2015
<p> Recently, I've been on a mission to save everything significant from my pregnancy and birth and put it into a memory box for my daughter. I have all of the ultrasound pictures, congratulatory cards, hospital birth card, and of course the hospital bracelets too. When Scarlett is older I'm sure she will enjoy looking through the box and asking any questions she might have. The best thing you can do is document each child's birth so you'll always remember it even in years to come.
<p> Life's Little Stats is an Etsy shop ran by owner Koryn. If you've recently had a baby this shop is right up your alley. Koryn creates framed birth stats of your baby for you to treasure and remember forever. Simply provide her your child's information such as date of birth, weight, height, etc and she creates a beautiful framed 10x13 print that you can display anywhere. Koryn is open to custom colors and fonts depending on your preferences. This print would make an excellent baby gift for any new parent or even Grandma.
<p> Since Scarlett is my first child I want to remember every detail about her birth and growth. There's a blank space on one of the walls in her room that needs to be filled. I've been thinking about what to put there but wasn't exactly sure. When I stumbled across Koryn's Etsy shop, I knew one of the birth stats prints would be the perfect space filler. Koryn was very easy to work with and showed me a proof of the print to make sure I was happy before starting to work on it.
<p> '
<p> The best girl in the world's birth stats!
<p> The framed print arrived very fast, in just a few days. I was very satisfied with it and immediately had my husband hang it on her wall. I chose different shades of pink and espresso tones for the colors in the print since Scarlett has espresso furniture. The walls of her nursery are also pink and green. Everything matches so well and looks fantastic together. The colors were bright and sharp and the text was clear and easy to read. I like how there are different fonts used throughout, it adds a nice touch of style and personality to the piece. You can tell that the print and frame are quality made and will surely last.
<p> This print is very important and special to me. For now it is more sentimental to me than to Scarlett, but as she gets older she will notice it. I'm glad she'll have something that's personalized and celebrates her birth.
<p> If you're looking for a special custom piece of art for your child's nursery, look no further than Life's Little Stats.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Life's Little Stats for providing me with a complimentary print in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<p> Now that cold weather is in full force, dry skin will be making an appearance soon enough if it hasn't already. When the temperatures turn frigid my face and lips suffer the most. I find myself constantly applying and reapplying lip balm to avoid chapped lips. It can be mildly depressing knowing that you're in for months of cold weather which ultimately brings pesky dry skin. Do yourself a favor and eliminate dry, chapped lips for once an for all this winter with Burt's Bees.
<p> Burt's Bees proudly creates products formulated to help you take care of yourself naturally from your lips to your toes. The best part about these products are that they are 99% natural and contain no additives or artificial ingredients. I've been using Burt's Bees products for about 13 years now and can never get enough of them! The products range from facial cleansers and acne solutions to shampoos, conditioners, bath oils, bath crystals and everything else in between. There's certainly a product that anyone would enjoy. Ladies, these products aren't only for you, men and children can benefit from specific products offered for them too. I've given Burt's Bees gift packs to people as gifts over the years and they've really enjoyed them. If you're looking to pamper yourself with a brand that will make you become a loyal customer from day one, please turn to Burt's Bees.
<p> If you've been a long-time user of Burt's Bees lip balm, you'll remember when the only lip balm available was the original unflavored one in the yellow tube. The brand has come a long way and now offers a variety of scents to delight your kisser. Pucker up to such flavors as vanilla bean, wild cherry, pomegranate and even coconut and pear. It's time to bring summer flavors to the dead of winter.
<p> The wild cherry lip balm is made with cherry oil that is cold pressed from cherry seed kernels. Your lips will be pampered with the sweet, natural flavor and hint of tartness. Protect and nourish your lips with beeswax, coconut oil, and rich cherry oil that is 100% natural.
<p> Pomegranate lip balm provides an oasis of antioxidants through pomegranate oil which does wonders for keeping your lips hydrated. A great bonus is that it tints your lips with a hint of color for an even, beautifully toned appearance.
<p> The first time you use the coconut and pear lip balm you'll be instantly transported to a Caribbean island. The sweet, light kiss of coconut oil will keep your lips hydrated. Don't forget that pear extract and shea butter will renew your lips and moisturize them to the fullest.
<p> This vanilla bean lip balm offers a luxuriously complex and comforting formula bursting with all-natural vanilla. Pair moisturizing shea butter and nourishing vitamin E and you're in for a treat for your lips.
<p> Keep a tube of Burt's Bees lip balm in your purse, desk drawer, and of course your nightstand in your bedroom. You never know when you'll need to reapply to keep your lips looking their best.
<h> Saturday, January 3, 2015
<p> Now that the holidays are over, it's time to recharge those batteries. Have a fire in the fireplace and cuddle up with your spouse. Don't forget some delicious comforting desserts to make you both smile.
