<h> Friday, September 7, 2012
<p> Jewelry makes any girl happy. Surprise her with a bracelet, necklace, or pair of earrings and she will be all smiles. Jewelry makes a great gift for practically any occasion. What I love most about it is that you can express yourself with it. Whether you like dangly earrings, chunky bracelets, or small and delicate necklaces, jewelry is what you make of it. Why not treat yourself to a great piece today?
<p> Bright Lily is an independent online boutique. Each week you'll see the hand selected collection of fabulous, unique, styles at up to 60% off. How awesome is that? Gorgeous jewelry at a discount! I know that I'm game for that. The best part is that the styles are always changing. There's something for everyone's taste.
<p> If you've been looking for a new bracelet, let me introduce you to the Leela. This is style and sophistication all rolled into one.
<p> The Leela black leather cord wrap has smooth round silver tone beads it adjusts and wraps 5x around the wrist.
<p> Can't you just imagine wearing this with a great pair of black flat boots, jeans, and a cozy sweater in the winter? Whatever outfit you choose to pair it with, it will add a wonderful sense of style and personality. The black and silver compliment each other perfectly.
<p> Here are some of my other favorite Bright Lily pieces.
<p> One lucky winner will get to make the Leela bracelet their very own!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Leela bracelet from Bright Lily.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell what your favorite kind of jewelry is. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Bright Lily on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/BrightLily123)
<p> Winner will be chosen on September 21st, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I'm a big lover of fashion. Clothes, jewelry, shoes, and accessories are all high up on my list of loves. I'm always scouting out the newest styles and colors. Fashion is just something that I've always been passionate about.
<p> When I had the chance to attend a NYC Fashion week event for Sears, I was so excited! I jumped at the opportunity. The event was held at a restaurant downtown called Bagatelle.
<p> When you walked in you were greeted by the jean bar, which had rows of different Sears brands (including Kardashian Kollection!) Behind the jean bar was racks of gorgeous clothing. I loved practically everything on the racks. The Kardashian Kollection dresses, skirts, and tops were adorable. We were allowed to take one pair of jeans from the jean bar. How cool is that? I selected a denim pair even though they had some pants with brighter colors and patterns. I decided to play it safe and go with a reliable denim.
<p> Sorry the lighting wasn't so great!
<p> The jean bar. Look at all of the different colors and styles. I like that other options besides denim was featured. Something for everyone!
<p> It was really exciting to see different pieces of the Sears collection and familiarize ourselves with it. The collection showcased Fall and Winter pieces. The clothing was very warm and featured a lot of color.
<p> This Kardashian Kollection Koat (I mean coat!) was my favorite. The vibrant red is perfect for brightening up a cold winter's day. I love the large buttons too.
<p> We were treated to a yummy brunch and also a surprise appearance from Bruno Schiavi, who is President of the Kardashian Kollection! That was very cool. He picked a winner who would be invited to a special personal appearance with the ladies next week. Unfortunately I wasn't picked. :(
<p> Yum, I love a cranberry mimosa!
<p> Bruno Schiavi speaking
<p> I had a great time socializing with the other bloggers and discussing the Sears collection!
<p> Thank you to Sears and Collective Bias for hosting a fun event!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am receiving monetary compensation from Sears this posting.
<h> Thursday, September 6, 2012
<p> If you're like me, you like to wash everything after only wearing it one time. This is a problem because some things truly aren't dirty and you eventually wear the clothes down. Not to mention wasting laundry detergent and water too. I knew that I had to do something about this issue. Wouldn't it be nice to track how long you've worn something before deciding that it really does need to be washed? My Clothing Helper will solve all of your problems.
<p> My Clothing Helper is the closet organization tool that helps you manage your wardrobe. This fantastic system tracks what you wear, when you wear it, and how fresh it is.
<p> Most people have clothes that can be worn more than once before washing. What do you do with clothes that are not yet ready for the laundry bin? Some place their “in-be-cleans” on doorknobs, hooks, and chairs to separate the freshly-cleaned from the lightly-worn. Others rely on the sniff test. Whatever your system, it ultimately relies on your best guess. Use MyClothingHelper to get quick and accurate information. You can now prevent harmful over-washing and reduce water consumption and impact on the environment. It's always great to do your part to be green.
<p> MyClothingHelper is sold in packages of seven. For the maximum benefit, track all garments that you use regularly. It is numbered 1-7 to track clothing wear. The organizational tool comes with colored ribbons to help you match and coordinate outfits.
<p> If you recently wore a cocktail dress to a party, chances are it doesn't have to be dry cleaned right away. I know it's easy to just bring it to the cleaners to ensure the garment is clean, but it's not necessary. Now you can track how many times you've worn the dress and then decide when it needs to be cleaned. This is also great for clothing that you wear for a few hours that isn't ready to be washed too.
<p> My Clothing Helper would be great for any family member's closet. It saves time and brings peace of mind to the laundry room. Let the tool help you keep your sanity and save your clothes!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will win each win a MyClothingHelper 7-pack.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me how this would help your closet. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like My Clothing Helper on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/myclothinghelper)
<p> Winner will be chosen on September 20, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> Baked goods are an art form. You don't want to just produce any old cookie or brownie, but you want to make sure it's the best sweet treat around. It may take a few tries and altering the recipe to be satisfied with the end result. Dedication, passion, and a true love of baking are essential in a bakery. Bake shops come and go, but it's very rare for them to stick around for decades. Glaser's is one of those bakeries that has created a lifelong business from putting their heart and soul into their work.
<p> Glaser's Bake Shop is one of the oldest family owned and operated businesses in New York City. They have been in the same location since 1902! They bake fresh breads and desserts every day for their customers to enjoy. How does Irish Soda Bread and Challah Bread sound? If you're looking for something sweet, their display cases are filled with black and white cookies, apple turnovers, blueberry muffins, chocolate butter cream cookies, peanut butter cookies, and so much more. You don't know where you should look first as each case is more delicious than the last. There is truly something for everyone. The best part is that they are always adding new baked goods in the display case for your taste buds to fall in love with.
<p> I first wanted to do a Glaser's review last summer, but it just never came to fruition. I received an email a few days ago offering me a complimentary 4" cake from the bakery for my birthday. I called to place the order and awaited its yummy arrival into my stomach. The funny thing is I live just a mere block away from the shop for three years, but for some reason I had never visited it. I had always planned on going, but it just didn't work out. I was aware of its legendary deliciousness from their Facebook page. People are constantly raving about how they have visited the bakery for years on end and talk about their favorite treats.
<p> When I went to pick up my chocolate buttercream cake, the woman behind the counter said she wanted to speak to me. I had no idea what it could be about. She had a large box of treats for me! I was told that the person I spoke with about the review remembered I had a blog when I called to place the order. He wanted me to have the goodies to do the review with! How nice is that? I had forgotten about it, but he did not even though it was a year ago. Inside was a heavenly assortment of treats including black and white cookies, wedding cookies, apple turnovers, chocolate cookies, and more. It smelled amazing as soon as you opened the box. It was a small sampler of many things they offered. When you step into the shop, you're transported back in time, aesthetically speaking. The tile floors and hand-crafted wood work interior will make you smile, and it is easy to imagine what the bakery was like decades ago. You can feel the history and see it on the walls, from every corner of the shop. The establishment has a wonderful, old-school welcoming charm. I don't know any functioning bakery in 2012 that is like Glaser's.
<p> The small box holds my cake, while the larger one holds the treats that certainly are the keys to my heart.
<p> What looks best to you? That apple turnover is bigger than my head!
<p> This kitchen sink cookie is bigger than the length of Manhattan.
<p> I didn't know what to try first. I looked through everything and settled on the brownie. The decadent treat was calling my name and my stomach had to answer.
<p> Do you see those large chocolate chunks? I love them!
<p> The brownie was out of this world. I haven't had a brownie this good in a long time. It was a beautiful deep espresso color. The treat was dense but full of wonderful, rich chocolate flavor. It was sweet without being too overly sweet. It was extremely fresh and moist, as if it was taken out of the oven and immediately handed to me. This brownie was certainly not made from a box, but made with lots of love. I could taste the high quality ingredients with each bite. The only thing that made the brownie better was washing it down with an ice cold glass of milk.
<p> I checked on the cake hours later. I wasn't sure that it would be safe by itself in the kitchen. I had to protect it and give it a new home in my stomach. :)
<p> This is the cutest cake I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of cakes. The size is my favorite thing. It is perfect for sharing with 2 or 3 people. The cake is a soft and fluffy yellow cake with a sweet and rich chocolate buttercream frosting. The perfectly piped rosettes were beautiful. I had a small piece you know, just to test it out. I had to make sure it was safe! ;). The cake was very fresh, moist and light. It tasted like it was baked the same day. It was melt in your mouth delicious. The buttercream frosting was thicker and filling. It was sweet and my taste buds definitely enjoyed it. It did not taste waxy and artificial like some buttercream frostings I've previously had. No, this buttercream was the real deal. Within a few bites I couldn't eat anymore. Yellow cake and chocolate frosting is a timeless combination that you can't go wrong with.
<p> What I love most about Glaser's is the fact that they are not like every other bakery that have crazy flavors and tons of sprinkles and fondant on top of their treats. Their pastries and desserts are timeless, classic, and loved by all.
<p> If you're in the Upper East Side and looking for a fantastic bakery that has delicious treats to curb your sweet tooth, head on over to Glaser's Bake Shop. You'll leave happy and with a smile on your face.
<h> Tuesday, September 4, 2012
<p> Seafood has always been a favorite of mine. Juicy shrimp and scallops and flavorful fish are guaranteed to make me happy and satisfy my taste buds. The only thing that can make seafood better is sitting at a table with your loved ones, and enjoying wine and great conversation. Why not do just that and enjoy your next meal at Bonefish Grill?
<p> At Bonefish Grill, happiness starts when you walk in the door. The restaurant offers guests unique fresh fish from all over the globe, hand-cut daily and grilled to perfection. Each night there is a new special. Whether you're looking for fish tacos, Chilean sea bass, Ahi tuna, shrimp and scallops, or lobster all of these can be found on the menu. Of course there are many other options too. The entrees are served with delicious sides like garlic mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli. Certain choices of fish are paired with signature sauces that are mouth wateringly delicious. How does Longfin tilapia paired with a lemon butter sauce or a Chilean sea bass with mango salsa sound to you?
<p> When I had the chance to review Bonefish Grill, I jumped at the chance. I had heard of the restaurant previously and had always wanted to dine there. Visions of lobster and salmon danced through my head. Unfortunately in the end, I wasn't able to make it. I had to send my friend and my assistant for me. They were delighted at the opportunity and I knew I could trust them for an excellent post.
<p> They dined at the Fort Lauderdale location last night. My assistant called the restaurant to get exact directions because she wasn't exactly sure how to get there. The hostess on the phone couldn't have been nicer and gave her exact directions. She was very pleased with the customer service so far.
<p> Once they arrived at the restaurant, they liked what they saw. They loved the aesthetically pleasing decor of the restaurant. The walls were adorned with various fish decor and signs. The bar had a large variety of many bottles of wines and alcohol to suit anyone's needs. The restaurant was spacious and clean, and the tables were roomy as well. They gave the reservation name to the friendly hostess and they were immediately seated.
<p> They had Michael Bourke as their waiter. He was attentive and extremely knowledgable about the menu. Any questions they had about certain items on the menu, he answered extensively. It was clear he excelled at his job. They ordered drinks, appetizers, and their main entrees. Both of my guests did not want to order anything too spicy, and Michael did a great job in steering them to choices that he knew they would enjoy. They really enjoyed how the waiter truly cared about their needs and wasn't rushing through the ordering process to leave.
<p> Drinks were made to order. A beer and a glass of wine were set on the table soon after that. The beer was ordered with two slices of orange which were delicately placed inside the glass. The wine was half poured in the glass, and a carafe containing the remaining amount of wine was brought with it. My friend really liked that because once she finished the glass, there was still more in the carafe to enjoy.
<p> They enjoyed bread with their drinks. The bread was perfectly chewy on the outside and warm and soft inside. It was extremely fresh and served with a delicious pesto dipping sauce on the side. The fantastic dip paired excellently with the large loaf of bread.
<p> The appetizers then arrived next. Two large crabcakes and a caesar salad that they both shared is what was ordered. They asked the waiter how the crabcakes were prepared. He told them they were fresh, not frozen, and contained a subtle hint of pepper to give the cakes a boost of flavor.
<p> The large crab cakes were served with a lemon slice and remoulade sauce. Remoulade is made from mayonnaise, mustard, hot sauce, garlic and paprika. It is the perfect accompaniment to serve with crab cakes. My guests loved the remoulade sauce on the crab cakes. The cakes contained large fantastic lumps of jumbo crab meat. They were perfectly warm and fresh and melt in your mouth delicious. The lemon was squeezed over the cakes in order to bring out the flavor of the crab. The crab cakes were lightly breaded but you could still taste the crab meat with no problem. My guests said they enjoyed the fact that the crab cakes were not heavily breaded and the breading did not mask the taste of the crab. There was a light peppery kick with each bite that they enjoyed. In no time the crab cakes were devoured.
<p> The caeser salad was fantastic too. The dressing generously coated the lettuce and large homemade croutons were sprinkled throughout. The dressing was delicious and tasted freshly made, definitely not from a bottle. They enjoyed the crunchy lettuce, flavorful croutons, and smoky cheese throughout the salad. The waiter checked in to make sure that the food was to their liking.
<p> It was good that they were sharing the appetizers so they both still had room for their entrees. Soon after that, the main entrees arrived.
<p> My assistant had Pompano fish, and my friend had scallops and shrimp. The Pompano fish was locally caught. It was lightly breaded and topped with fresh crab meat. The entree was served with garlic mashed potatoes on the side and steamed broccoli. The scallops and shrimp were served with mango salsa, garlic mashed potatoes, and steamed broccoli. These entrees were truly fit for a king!
<p> Do you see those incredibly large chunks of crab meat? Heavenly!
<p> The portion of the Pompano fish was very large. Two fillets were served. The crab meat on top of the fish was an excellent idea. My assistant loved having a bite of the fish and crab meat at the same time. The flavor of the fish was subtle but very pleasant. It was lightly breaded but not overly battered. The fish was very fresh and juicy. It was melt in your mouth delicious. The steamed broccoli was excellent and cooked just right. The garlic mashed potatoes contained just the right amount of garlic to provide them with a sophisticated flavor. They were soft and creamy and everything you could want in mashed potatoes. My assistant could not finish the entire meal and actually brought it home with her.
<p> My friend had never been served mango salsa with shrimp and scallops before. The salsa was sweet and extremely flavorful. Large chunks of mango and pineapple covered them. The salsa paired marvelously with the large juicy scallops and shrimp. My friend could not have asked for a better sauce or salsa to atop the seafood. He absolutely loved it. The sweetness most certainly brought out the flavor of the shrimp and scallops. Both were very fresh and you could tell they were made to order and not waiting under a heat lamp in the kitchen. The scallops were thick, dense, and bursting with grilled flavor. The shrimps were grilled perfectly as well. Just like my assistant he enjoyed the garlic mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli.
<p> The waiter was attentive throughtout the meal. He routinely checked in to make sure the food was good and to see if they needed anything else.
<p> The entrees were finished and the meal was winding down. Both my guests decided they could not pass up the key lime pie and they had to share it, even though they were both very full all of the delicious eats they enjoyed!
<p> The decadent treat was set out in front of them, and what a beauty it was!
<p> The portion size of the pie was large. It was just the right size for two people to share. The pie was perfectly sweet and tart and bursting with fabulous key lime flavor. The lime flavor was very prevalent throughout each bite. The consistency of the pie was very creamy, almost like cheesecake. The crunchy graham cracker crust was very fresh and added great texture to the dessert. The whipped cream was soft and fluffy and was a great topper for the pie. This was hands down the best piece of key lime pie that they've had in quite a while.
<p> The manager came to their table at the end of the meal to see how they enjoyed everything. They commended Micheal on his fabulous service and told the manager that they couldn't have asked for a better waiter. They thoroughly enjoyed the meal and raved at how delicious it was. They advised the manager that they certainly would be coming back very soon.
<p> The waiter did not know that the meal was being reviewed until they asked him at the end if he knew. He said he was very glad he didn't realize this because he would have been very nervous!
<p> My guests had a wonderful experience at Bonefish Grill and will recommend it to anyone looking for a fabulous seafood restaurant in the Fort Lauderdale area.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* A huge thank you to Bonefish grill for faciliating this review by offering a complimentary meal. All thoughts and opinions are provided by my guests and and not influenced by anything else.
<h> Monday, September 3, 2012
<p> The best part about the colder months of the year is having a fire. A cozy dancing flame in front of you while you sip hot cocoa or cider with friends and family makes for a picture perfect night. Whether you have a fire indoors or a bonfire in your backyard, let the heat keep you warm while you relax and enjoy the night.
<p> Ohio Flame is a locally owned manufacturer of hand crafted fire pits constructed of heavy gauge American steel. Their fire pits come in a range of different sizes and styles to fit anyone's needs. Their products are high quality and built to last. They would look fantastic in anyone's backyard to use on a cold winter's night.
<p> The company believes strongly in "American made" and supporting the local economy. As much as they possibly can, they only purchase materials that are made in the USA. They only use American steel, mostly from domestic mills that are in Ohio. Ohio Flame, Inc. also purchases fabrication materials, manufacturing equipment and packaging supplies that are sold from American companies.
<p> I was sent a Pariot 30" diameter fire pit in natural steel. It is just the thing to use to keep warm on an upcoming cool night.
<p> Look how beautiful it is!
<p> I haven't had a chance to use this yet as it is still summer. I have set this up though and it's constructed excellently. It's solid, durable, and extremely heavy. The interior of it is very large and will hold a lot of firewood, which will make for a large fire! I like the steel color, it's rustic and fits in with the outdoors perfectly. It would also fit in with anyone's decor and outdoor furniture too, since it's neutral.
<p> It has no parts to break or wear out over time, the fire pit is built to last a lifetime. "The Patriot" is crafted from 3/16" thick high carbon American steel sourced from local steel mills. No maintenance is required for this fire pit, as it's designed to withstand the elements year-round. I love that it can sit outside all year round and I don't have to worry about rusting or rotting. It's low maintenance and for that I am thankful.
<p> I've never owned a firepit previously, but I've always eyed one online. It's the perfect thing to have to sit outside with friends and enjoy the cooler nights. There's nothing like spending quality time with friends over a fire. I definitely look forward to using this this fall and winter, I think I'll be very popular! :)
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a 24" Patriot Firepit from Ohio Flame.
<p> 13. Like Ohio Flame on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/ohioflame)
<p> Winner will be chosen on September 17th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Sunday, September 2, 2012
<p> When I picture summer, I invision BBQ's, pool parties, and having friends over. Of course summer foods like pasta salad, corn, hamburgers, hotdogs and lemonade are served. What I love most about summer is enjoying the beach and outdoors with your favorite people in a carefree environment. Even though summer is coming to a close, there's still time to soak up the remainder of it.
<p> Wicker Central offers quality resin wicker outdoor patio furniture to make your backyard an enjoyable and entertainable space. Their patio sets are beautiful and quality made. Whether you're looking for a 2 seater setee and table, or a 6 seater table and chair set, they have you covered. Wicker Central's sets are gorgeous and come in a range of styles and colors for anyone's needs. I browsed page after page of patio sets and loved what I saw!
<p> If you have parties at night, you have to make sure you have lights plugged in, or a big outdoor lamp. What kind of party would it be if you were left in the dark? Wicker Central would never leave you in the dark.
<p> This patio living concepts San Juan 30" Table Lamp would be perfect to place on the table to keep your party lit if you like to entertain at night. The lamp, shade, and cord are all waterproof. There is a two level dimming switch as well.
<p> Can't you just imagine having this on your table? Let the lamp night up your summer nightlife!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a San Juan 30" Table Lamp from Wicker Central.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell if you regularly entertain at night in the summer. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Wicker Central on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/pages/StrataShopscom/109725682393059)
<p> Winner will be chosen on September 16th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, August 31, 2012
<p> Having an organized garage is essential in keeping your sanity. Not only do you park your cars inside, but you may keep a multitude of other items in there too. You could have tools, brooms, cleaning supplies, children's bikes and outdoor toys, a lawn mower, etc. You can see how a garage can easily become a dumping ground for items if not stored properly and in an organized manner. It's important to clean out your garage from time to time, to keep your sanity!
<p> "National Clean Out Your Garage Day” is an observance dedicated to educating Americans about garage safety. This year, Ace Hardware and Quickie are joining The Lehigh Group, manufacturer of Crawford branded garage organization products, making the 2012 program the largest campaign to date.
<p> Slated for Saturday, Sept. 8, this year’s “National Clean Out Your Garage Day” campaign will focus on teaching people how to perfect their parking zones by providing tips for organizing and preventing garage accidents.To celebrate, Crawford has prepared organization kits – filled with essential tools for ensuring the highest level of garage organization. It's easy to keep your garage an organized paradise with this prize pack!
<p> -Crawford 16” Adjustable Storage Organizer: Designed for use anywhere in your home, garage, workshop, tool shed or basement, this system is great for hanging brooms, rakes and other lawn supplies.
<p> -Crawford Sliding Spring Grip Organizer: Grips slide into position anywhere along the bar for maximum use. Guaranteed to never lose tension, the grips can hold hardware, garden tools, shovels and more.
<p> -Quickie 2-in-1 Squeegee Pushbroom: This 2-in-1 pushbroom is designed for both indoor and outdoor use. Effortlessly sweep away dirt and debris or use the built-in professional-grade squeegee to push away excess water.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on September 14th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Thursday, August 30, 2012
<p> Beautiful flowers help to light up a room. I know when I walk into a room and I see a gorgeous bouquet in a vase, I instantly gravitate towards it. I want to smell the bouquet and see the stunning bold colors of the flowers up close. Flowers bring happiness and joy and they are a perfect gift for so many occasions.
<p> Teleflora is proud to have been connecting customers with local florists in the US and Canada for more than 75 years. Their 18,000 member florists deliver fresh floral arrangements, plants and gift baskets. All of Teleflora's bouquets and centerpieces are professionally arranged using only the freshest flowers available and hand- delivered by the florist. In most cases bouquets and plants are offered same day flower delivery from Teleflora.
<p> If you've previously received a Teleflora flower arrangement delivery, you know the joy that comes from a flower delivery. Remember how you felt when the van pulled up and the driver came to your door with a gorgeous bouquet, just for you? If you've given Teleflora flowers as a gift, I'm sure you can remember the joy the recipient had when they received the flowers.
<p> These are my current favorite flower arrangement from Teleflora. So pretty!
<p> A flower arrangement from Teleflora makes the perfect gift for a birthday, a person who is ill, a just thinking of you gift, a thank you present, or for any other occasion. Don't forget that flower arrangements are perfect for holidays too!
<p> Whatever occasion it may be that you need to order flowers for, Teleflora is your flower headquarters.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This sponsored post was made possible by Mom Spark Media. I was compensated for my time investment and work on this campaign. Thoughts are my own.
<p> Remember those collage projects you did in school showcasing things that were important to you? You would feature your friends, family, pets, favorite flowers, food, etc. I always enjoyed doing those because all of the items and people that I loved were on one posterboard. It was fun to show off the poster too. Now with Collage, those picture dreams can become a sophisticated reality.
<p> Collage.com allows you to create a photo collage in minutes! You can choose from over 100 shapes to feature your pictures in. Why not order high quality prints or share online for free? The shapes are a great feature, I believe. If you recently were married, why not feature your wedding photos in the shape of a heart or a bride and groom? It will look great on your wall and will certainly be a conversation starter. Other shapes include rectangles, circles, words, animals, etc. There's a shape to fit anyone's needs.
<p> You can upload up to 500 pictures that will print bold, beautiful, and high quality. You can even upload a caption or title too. A collage would be great to feature family photos, vacation/trip pictures, and so much more.
<p> A collage from Collage.com would make a fantastic and memorable gift for any occasion.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a 20x30 collage of their creation.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what theme you would use for your collage. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Collage.com on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/collagedotcom)
<p> Winner will be chosen on September 13th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I've always been a fan of chocolate milk. Even to this day I indulge in the cold and sweet beverage from time to time. Chocolate milk is comforting and of course who doesn't love the delicious chocolate-y taste too? Nesquik has always been my chocolate milk brand of choice.
<p> When I had the chance to attend a Duane Reade event to meet the Bryan brothers, who have won a gold medal in tennis in the Olympic games, of course I was interested! It was sponsored by Nesquik and I've always been interested in tennis. How can you go wrong when combining tennis and Nesquik? I secretly hoped I'd be able to meet the Nesquik bunny too!
<p> The van that's filled with chocolate goodness!
<p> If you didn't already know, Nesquik recently partnered with the Bryan Brothers. The partnership was a smart choice and made sense. Mike and Bob Bryan grew up drinking Nesquik. They still regularly drink it as an athletic recovery beverage after their workouts. It has the perfect balance of protein and carbs to help them after their intense tennis matches.
<p> As part of the Nesquik/Bryan Brothers partnership, Bob and Mike Bryan participated in a few events in NYC. The event that I went to took place at a large Duane Reade on 51st and 6th avenue, in Manhattan. The Bryan brothers were there for a meet and greet with their fans, and to sign autographs. There was a Nesquik sampling going on too. I, of course had to sample the drink. Since it was a hot day that day, the cool beverage was very refreshing. Myself and a few other Duane Reade bloggers were there to interview the brothers and get the latest scoop about them! The line grew longer and longer with their fans waiting for the chance to say hello.
<p> Me and the Nesquik Bunny. I love him!
<p> Check out the Duane Reade bloggers and staff with the Bryan Brothers!
<p> I had a chance to ask them a few questions. I asked them what they would be doing if they were not playing tennis. They said they would most likely be focusing on their music career, since they play music on the side when they are not playing tennis. I had no idea they were into music and I thought that was really interesting.
<p> Other bloggers had the chance to hold their gold medal, but I didn't have the chance to. How cool!
<p> Me interviewing the Bryan Brothers.
<p> All of us enjoyed ourselves when taking pictures with the Nesquik bunny and the Bryan Brothers. Both Mike and Bob were very nice and down to earth. I enjoyed speaking with them.The only thing missing is the Bunny's autograph!
<p> Later on that day, they participated in a charity table-tennis tournament at SPIN, which is a ping pong clubhouse co-owned by actress Susan Sarandon, against New York City firefighters to raise funds for the FDNY Foundation. They won the tournament and Nesquik donated $25,000 to the FDNY Foundation which supports fire prevention and health and wellness programs! That is amazing and very generous.
<p> I had never previously been to Spin. It was exciting to see all of the FDNY firefighters competing for a great cause. There was a lot of action going on and my eyes darted from table to table, watching the games.
<p> I had a great time and it was truly exciting to meet the Bryan Brothers. Thanks to Duane Reade for coordinating this.
<p> Disclosure: I am a member of the Collective Bias™ Social Fabric® Community. This shop has been compensated as part of a social shopper insights study for Collective Bias™ #CBias #SocialFabric #DRNesquik All opinions and views are 100% my own.
