<h> Thursday, February 6, 2014
<p> Valentine's Day is 8 days away. If you haven't already started figuring out your dinner plans for the evening, it's time to do so. Also, make sure you have a gift ready for your significant other too. If there's one day a year that we want to ensure our lips are kissably soft, it's Valentine's Day. This day of love will bring smooches from couples all over the world. Trust Vaseline to keep your lips smooth and hydrated.
<p> Vaseline is a brand of petroleum jelly. Everyone is familiar with the original Vaseline, which is meant to moisturize skin and help heal cuts and burns. The product line has extended in recent years. Nowadays you can find Vaseline intensive rescue repairing body lotions and creams, lip creams, and more. Whatever product you're looking for to help your skin look its best, Vaseline is there to assist.
<p> To ensure your lips are ready for all the smoochin, they will be doing this Valentine's Day, Vaseline would like for you to keep their Vaseline Lip Therapy Rosy Lips in mind. This is a sheer tinted lip product that adds deep moisturization to leave lips soft and beautiful. The best part about this product is that it gives your lips some color while keeping them hydrated.
<p> Everyone knows that this day of love is not complete without some chocolate. Vaseline would like to give one lucky winner a box of MarieBelle chocolates and a jar of Vaseline Lip Therapy Rosy Lips. With Vaseline Lip Therapy and a box of chocolates in tow, it'll be one fabulous Valentine's Day.
<h> Wednesday, February 5, 2014
<p> My dog Carolyn is my four-legged child. Just as a parent cares about their two-legged child's health and nutrition, I focus on making sure she is as healthy as possible. I routinely give Carolyn vitamins and minerals, as well as fruits and veggies. The best thing you can do for your dog is give them a happy, full and long life.
<p> Boneo Canine Maintenance Formula is an innovative new supplement that helps maintain strong bones and healthy joint functions in dogs. These tempting liver and sausage flavored chewable tablets are powered by Neo-portin complex, a blend of ribonuclease enriched lactoferrin, coenzyme Q10, and B-Glucan. This patented technology has been shown to enhance bone turnover, maintain bone strength, and promote joint comfort. The tablets also support healthy cartilage and connective tissue function. The canine formula is fortified with vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. As you can see, this tablet is the best thing you can give your dog for optimum nutrition and health all around. You can give your dog the tablets for short or long term use, and it's safe for dogs of all ages, sizes, and breeds. Go ahead and start your dog on Boneo today.
<p> Carolyn was sent a bottle of Boneo Canine Maintenance Formula. For her size, the bottle instructs her to have 2 tablets a day. There are 90 tablets, so this is a 45 day supply. Carolyn loves any kind of treat or medicine that tastes like food, so I knew she would have no problem enjoying these. It's definitely a win win for your dog to enjoy something with such nutritional benefits too.
<p> Liver and sausage? Yes, please!
<p> I gave Carolyn a tablet for the first time yesterday. The tablet is large, round, and yellow. There was not even a two second window between her sniffing the tablet and happily gobbling it up. She ate it so quickly and licked her lips and looked at me for more. Luckily for her, she was allowed to have another!
<p> It's clear to me that she really enjoyed the tablets. When it was time for me to give her the tablets this morning, she was extremely excited. I shook the bottle at her and she went nuts. I guess someone is really a fan of liver and sausage! I'm very happy that she's able to be excited over something that's so wonderfully nutritious for her.
<p> Nothing comes between me and my love for Boneo.
<p> I look forward to continuing to give Carolyn Boneo until her supply is empty. Of course I will be ordering more afterwards. If you're looking to give your dog the boost of nutrition that they need, I highly recommend Boneo.
<h> Tuesday, February 4, 2014
<p> Italy's favorite cookie brand Loacker is bringing you a chance to win some sweet treats this Valentine's Day!
<p> The Love for Loacker photo contest is an opportunity for you to show your love for Loacker! Capture a moment that shows your love for your favorite Loacker moment or product. Submit a picture with a brief caption and don't forget to include the hashtag #LoackerLove.
<p> There are so many ways to show your Loacker devotion. How about your children or nieces or nephews enjoying Quadratini cookies or wafers? Anyone who loves cookies would be an ideal photo candidate. My love for cookies exceeds normal bounds.
<p> Quadratini, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
<p> Submit your photos on Twitter &amp; Instagram too by tagging your true love moment with the hashtag #LoackerLove! Once you've uploaded your photo, be sure to share with your friends and family to get as many votes as you can. Every visitor can vote for their favorite entries once every day, so make sure you keep coming back to vote!
<p> The top 5 winners will receive a With all my heart tin and their Rose tin, both perfect for the Valentine's season and filled with assorted Loacker wafers!
<p> What are you waiting for? Spread the word and get ready to win some delicious treats! I could go for some wafers right now.
<h> Monday, February 3, 2014
<p> Hi, my name is Sammi and I'm a chocoholic. Yes, alert the press because it's absolutely true! I love chocolate and can't get enough of it. Give me a piece of smooth and creamy chocolate with a nutty filling and I'll love you forever. I don't discriminate against chocolate no matter what form it comes in. I'm a fan of chocolate cookies, brownies, candy, cake, and of course pie. There's nothing that would make your significant other happier this Valentine's Day than giving them a delicious box of Ethel M Chocolates. Go ahead and delight their taste buds.
<p> Ethel M Chocolates produce handmade gourmet chocolates just the way Ethel Mars did over 100 years ago. They utilize fresh and premium ingredients to create the best tasting chocolates possible. You can choose from a range of different sizes of boxed candy, to chocolate bars, snacks, baskets, and much more. The chocolates range from crèmes and fillings to nutty and chewy. A chocolate lover will certainly have a field day with Ethel M chocolates. A box of Ethel M chocolates would be a great Valentine's Day present, as well as an ideal birthday, anniversary, thank you, or corporate gift too.
<p> This is the most beautiful box of chocolates that I've ever laid my eyes on. I think I'll have a piece, or twenty.
<p> Go ahead and skip buying that brand of chocolates that you buy every year. You can do better, and you know it. Ethel M Chocolates does the hard work for you by showing your love with their chocolates. Their heart shaped collections are filled with ultra premium chocolates made in small batches for superior taste. There are so many flavors that your significant other won't know where to start first. From decadent truffles and sea-salted caramels to silky satin creme chocolate, this will be one Valentine's Day that your sweetie won't soon forget.
<p> Please use promo code: CUPID14 to receive free shipping on orders over $55.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post for SheSpeaks/Ethel M Chocolates.
<h> Sunday, February 2, 2014
<p> As you all know, my dog Carolyn is the light of my life. We rescued her in June 2013 and she was transported from Tennessee to Connecticut. She's a westie/terrier mix who loves to play but also enjoys cuddling too. Carolyn has many good qualities, but since she's a rescue, she also has some emotional baggage too. She recently started snapping at people which is something I want to correct before it gets worse. For this, I thought it would be best to consult with a professional dog behaviorist.
<p> The Bark Stops Here is dog trainer and behavior therapist Jody Rosengarten's private practice. She has been in business since 1980 and makes house calls, teaches small group classes, and provides phone consultations in Fairfield, Connecticut. She's also a published author and her newest book about rescue dogs will be available soon. Jody believes in addressing all pooch situations as positively as possible, and encourages praise over punishment.
<p> Jody agreed to do a house call and come to my home to address Carolyn's issues. Along with her snapping, she also exhibits signs of anxiety from time to time. I was looking forward to Jody coming over and discussing tips and techniques for remedying the problems at hand. From the minute Jody walked through the door, she instantly gave Carolyn a treat to reinforce her feeling relaxed and happy. Of course, Carolyn would never turn down a treat either! Jody was very comfortable with Carolyn and made her feel at ease and Carolyn relaxed around her. My husband and I sat down with Jody to begin our 90 minute session. At one point my dog laid on her back on the floor, which Jody said was a sign that she was very comfortable with a new person in her home.
<p> I discussed my concerns of Carolyn's snapping and how on a few occasions she snaps when people pet her for more than 10-15 seconds at a time, usually on her head or back. I was told that it's all about how you approach the dog. You have to be at ease when you pet them, so they'll be comfortable too. A great example that Jody gave was alerting someone before they come over to be cautious of Carolyn's behavior. That person is going to come into your home with a sense of fear wondering if she'll snap. I would also be on edge about this too. Carolyn senses it and takes advantage of the fear and snaps. Jody recommended meeting your guest outside and walking in together, so your dog sees that you're with that person and knows it's okay. The guest will meet Carolyn at the door and give her a treat and make her feel comfortable. When Jody initially came to my home, my husband met her downstairs and they took the elevator upstairs together. She then was able to enter my home with my husband and give my dog a treat. I really think that was a wonderful start to our session.
<p> Jody was extremely easy to talk to and very happy to answer any questions I had. Her laid-back, calm aura was definitely sensed by Carolyn. She was surprised at how well-behaved Carolyn was, considering she was a rescue dog. I was told that the most common mistake people make in upsetting dogs is coming to them and petting them. If the dog wants to be left alone, being pet is the last thing they desire. You should always let the dog come to you, especially on their own terms. Jody recommended having guests let Carolyn come to them and pet her underneath her chin. This is an area that's much less vulnerable than a dog's head or back.
<p> My husband took a lot of beneficial notes that we will certainly be implementing for Carolyn. The time just flew by and soon the session was over. I felt that it was extremely educational and valuable, and I would now be in control of the situation the next time I had company over.
<p> If you're in the Fairfield county area of Connecticut and are looking for someone to help your dog with issues of any kind, I highly recommend Jody Rosengarten. Her calming and soft-spoken nature is just the right medicine a dog needs.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary house call in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, January 30, 2014
<p> It's been extremely cold in Connecticut lately. I know that some places are experiencing even colder temperatures than us, but it's in the single digits at night. My husband and I have been leaving the heat on at night. We usually turn it off when we go to bed since we're under the covers, but now it's just too cold to have it off. A quality, durable blanket is an absolute necessity in the winter. Go ahead and cozy up on the couch under a soft blanket while enjoying your favorite movie on a cold winter's night. Don't forget to include extra marshmallows in your mug of hot chocolate!
<p> American Blanket Company creates beautiful hand made blankets that are warm and luxurious out of a small shop in Massachusetts. They offer fleece blankets, throw blankets, baby blankets, and personalized blankets. American Blanket Company prides themselves on producing the best blanket possible. The superior quality of the blanket will last forever. The blankets come in many colors, so whatever color you had in mind will surely be available. A baby blanket would make an ideal baby shower or new baby gift. Blankets make a perfect birthday and housewarming present too. If you have a child leaving for college in the near future, why not send them off in style with a personalized blanket to remind them of home with? If you're looking to make someone smile today, a blanket will certainly do it. Everyone loves comfort.
<p> My husband and I frequently have movie nights on the couch enjoying the latest flick while surrounded by a bowl of popcorn. We have a throw blanket that is old at this point and is in need of being replaced. When I was offered the chance to review a new queen sized Luster throw in the soft beige color, you can bet I jumped at the opportunity. We both had two one way tickets to Comfortville USA! Never to return of course.
<p> Yes, this luxurious blanket is accepting applications for snuggles and cuddles.
<p> The blanket was shipped extraordinarily fast. In fact, as I write this review I am snuggled up with it on the couch. It came gorgeously wrapped and packaged. It was almost to pretty to unwrap, but hey I was not going to let that warm coziness not envelope me due to aesthetics.
<p> What I first noticed was the beautiful deep, rich beige color. It reminded me of sand on the beach. We are many months away from beach days though! The blanket was soft and just beautiful. It was luxuriously thick and I can tell made with much skill and talent. The luster blankets are guaranteed to not shed or pill. You can wash them as many times as you want and they will hold their beautiful softness each and every time.
<p> I cuddled up on the couch to write this post and my dog Carolyn has jumped on the blanket to lay with me. Even dogs cannot resist the inviting comfort a blanket brings. The blanket is warm and cozy and I love how it feels. This will definitely transform our movie nights into an oasis of comfort.
<p> If you're looking for the ultimate in comfort for you and your family, I highly recommend the American Blanket Company. Go ahead and let that beautiful blanket into your home.
<h> Wednesday, January 29, 2014
<p> If you're a long time reader of Sammi's Blog Of Life, it should come as no surprise to you that I love fashion. I own more clothes and shoes than I probably should, but hey I'm a lady. Ladies tend to have a lot in their closet. Nothing makes me happier than shopping and finding a cute new sweater or dress. I feel that every woman should buy new clothes as much as their budget allows. It's a great feeling to wear new clothes that you feel confident in. Go ahead and treat yourself today.
<p> Anatomie is a shopper's paradise. They offer clothes that will make any woman happy. If you're in the market for new pants, tops, jackets, or dresses you've come to the right place. All of Anatomie's fine garments are made with an innovative system of versatile, high performance fibers that are lightweight, protective, and resistant. Each piece is engineered for quick-drying and exceptional comfort. There are many styles and colors suited for everyone's taste, so you're guaranteed to find something you like. A dress or jacket from Anatomie makes a perfect birthday or holiday present. Why not make your closet happy and fill it with items from Anatomie today?
<p> I was generously sent a Lady Lugano black jacket. This is a lightweight jacket that is perfect for spring. Even though I'm dying to wear it now, it's just far too cold!
<p> Yes, yes. You can borrow the jacket. Just don't spill anything on it!
<p> I was instantly attracted to this jacket because of the collar. The oversized collar is fun and gives the jacket an added element of personality. Overall, the jacket fits well except the sleeves are a tad long. Once I cuff them over, it's ok, but I might have to eventually get the sleeves shortened. The length of the jacket is perfect too. It's not too long, or too short. I like the way it looks on and it flatters my body well. Having the zipper placed diagonally on the jacket is unique. The zipper zips up and down with no problem, and I like the double pockets on each side of the jacket.
<p> The black is a true deep, rich color which I love. A lightweight material makes the jacket comfortable to wear, and it would look fantastic in warmer weather with skinny jeans and riding boots. I can just picture going for a walk wearing this on a warm Spring day. It feels like warm weather is years away! It will be here before you know it though.
<p> This jacket also comes in blue, if you're looking for other colors besides just black. I'm excited to be able to wear it soon. For right now, it hangs in my coat closet in anticipation.
<p> One lucky winner will win their choice of a black or white Mon Cheri jacket.
<h> Tuesday, January 28, 2014
<p> Relaxing in bed is one of my favorite things ever. If I'm home, you can guarantee I'm in bed with the laptop blogging or watching TV. My dog also inherited her mom's love of the square shaped piece of heaven. It's just more comfortable in my opinion to lay in bed than it is to sit on the couch. In college I would do my homework and papers from bed. If my body became fused to the bed, I probably wouldn't mind. My motto is why be uncomfortable when you don't have to be?
<p> Reverie shares my love of all things bed. They are the headquarters for sleep and offer products like sleep system beds, mattresses, adjustable foundations, pillows, and accessories. If you're looking to be as relaxed as possible while in bed, Reverie is your company. Their pillows are firm and durable, while their superior mattresses will whisk you away to Planet Sleep. If you want to transform your chamber of slumber into a sleep oasis, a sleep system is the perfect choice. The sleep system provides customized comfort with an adjustable foundation, so you can choose your most comfortable sleep and resting position. It's time to introduce Reverie into your bedroom. It'll be a decision you'll never regret.
<p> I was sent a Reverie queen sized sweet slumber pillow. This hypoallergenic pillow is composed of shredded natural rubber, a down alternative.
<p> Go ahead and lay your head on me, it's ok. You know you want to.
<p> This pillow is truly magical. When I received it, I couldn't wait to rest my head on it that night and have dreams of candy dancing through my head. What I noticed right away was how large it was. It was much bigger than my other pillows. My queen sized pillow case fit it well with no problems. The concept of shredded rubber was very interesting to me. I have never heard of that before. The firm pillow is extremely comfortable and I really love laying on it. I'm excited to go to bed each night because my sleep will be that much more comfortable. I haven't had a pillow this comfortable in a while.
<p> If you're looking to give your head a break from ordinary pillows, it's time to make the switch to Reverie's sweet slumber pillow. Your bed will thank you.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary pillow in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<p> So many great companies have advertised with me lately. Please check out my sidebar and look at all of the great companies. We have children's products, bridal, greeting cards, skincare, and so much more! There's something for everyone. Perhaps you'll be the next company to advertise with me?
<h> Sunday, January 26, 2014
<p> It would be extremely difficult for me to live life without wearing jewelry. Everyday I leave my house wearing my ring and earrings. Sometimes I'll wear a necklace too depending on the outfit. Jewelry is a great medium that allows you to express yourself and let your personality shine through. My jewelry style is large cocktail rings, chunky necklaces, and dangly earrings. Most ladies would agree with me and say jewelry is important to them. Why not treat yourself to a beautiful piece of jewelry today?
<p> Jewelry Kind offers 140,000 pieces ranging from necklaces and earrings to rings and pendants. They have fashion jewelry along with diamond jewelry too. There are so many pieces that I absolutely love. Whether you're looking for a gift for yourself or for someone else, I can assure you that you'll quickly find many pieces you like. The jewelry ranges from a conservative to modern style and offers a diverse mix for anyone's tastes. If you're looking to fill up your jewelry box or armoire, I recommend doing so from Jewelry Kind.
<p> Here are some bracelets and rings that I wish would magically appear on my fingers and wrist.
<p> One thing that people struggle with is knowing exactly what ring size they are. Check out Jewelry Kind's ring sizer to finally solve the mystery of what your ring size truly is. This is such a helpful guide!
<h> Friday, January 24, 2014
<p> Everyone loves receiving cards no matter what the occasion. We enjoy seeing the well wishes and love people write to us. I have cards saved from friends and family for past birthdays, and of course anniversary cards from my husband. I think I have every Valentine's Day and anniversary card he's ever given me! It's important that your loved ones know how you feel about them. Why not just send a card letting the person know that you're thinking of them? They will feel really special and loved.
<p> Shaboo Prints is more than just a card and gift manufacturer. It is a life philosophy and its products are designed to carry inspirational messages into day-to day life. Shaboo offers greeting cards in various categories such as sympathy, birthday, and holiday, among others. They pride themselves in producing cards that are designed to be sent year-round, without a true specific cause. The cards are inspirational and thinking-of-you which encourage individuals to share. Most cards today aren't as meaningful. They have a quick, mass produced image and text that is sometimes shallow. Wouldn't it be nice to send a card to someone that really explains how you feel about them? Shaboo's main purpose is to improve the self-esteem of others, support individuality and strengthen the quality of friendships.
<p> Check out some of these awesome cards. I bet you'll instantly know who to send this birthday or congratulations card to. The Christmas boxed set would be perfect for your holiday cards to send out this year. As you can see, these cards are very different from what you can purchase at your local drugstore or card store.
<p> Shaboo's Tales are certainly worth viewing. They are inspirational, short-stories that are the background for some of their greeting cards. If you're looking for thought provoking literature, you've come to the right place.
<p> The next time you need a greeting card for any occasion, make sure to turn to Shaboo Prints for the card that offers that extra special touch.
<h> Thursday, January 23, 2014
<p> If you're like me, you're always cautious of what you eat. It's very easy to gain weight, and not always as easy to lose it. I try to cook with as minimal fat as possible, although that isn't always realistic. Wouldn't it be nice to have something in your kitchen that will help keep all of the flavor in your foods, but none of the grease and fat? It's time to introduce the Pyramid Pan into your kitchen and let those diet dreams become a reality.
<p> The Pyramid Pan is the ideal silicone mat for low-fat, non-stick cooking. The mat features tiny pyramids that your food sits on top of when cooking. This allows the grease and fat to drip into the mat which you can easily pour away after. Not only does it collect unhealthy liquids, it is non-stick so you don't have to worry about your food burning or sticking. The secret is that it allows air to circulate under food for even heat distribution. No turning is required whatsoever. If you're cooking chicken wings or French fries, they will come out perfectly crispy and tender with lots of flavor. When not in use, simply roll the mat up and it's compact enough to fit in a kitchen drawer. It's easy to clean and is microwave and dishwasher safe too.
<p> Let all of your food be crispy and delicious, from here on out!
<p> The Pyramid Pan is truly a necessary item in the kitchen, especially for those who are watching their weight. You'll be amazed at all of the fat that drips out of your food and doesn't go into your body. Let your children enjoy chicken nuggets or popcorn shrimp, guilt free. The Pyramid pan fits easily on a cookie sheet if you're baking cookies or biscuits, and they will come out perfectly cooked each time. You can easily cut it down to size if you prefer to use it on a smaller tray.
<p> Once you use the Pyramid Pan, you'll never look back. You'll also wonder how you cooked without it all these years. Get ready for the ultimate experience in healthy eating.
<h> Tuesday, January 21, 2014
<p> Most people's mornings cannot begin without a cup of their favorite liquid caffeine to help them get through the day. While some cups of coffee are better than others, wouldn't it be nice to have a cup of deliciously smooth and rich coffee each and every time? No this isn't a dream, it's reality. It's time for you to delight your taste buds and treat yourself to only fantastic coffee from here on out.
<p> iCoffee by Remington is an innovative coffee maker that boasts SteamBrew technology. This features 6 rotational water jets that evenly steam and stir your favorite coffee grounds for smooth, rich, and bitter free coffee. A traditional coffee maker showers the coffee grounds with water from above, the iCoffee works similarly to a french press. This coffee maker offers a fully programmable brewing time with auto start function. You can wake up to fresh coffee before you even get out of bed! Not only does it give you a hotter cup of coffee, but it allows you to watch the coffee brewing process in the unique brew view window. If you're looking for the perfect cup of coffee, you can stop now. The iCoffee is here to revolutionize your coffee experience and satisfy your caffeine cravings.
<p> This sleek and modern machine will fit in with any color and decor of your kitchen. Who wants a cup of coffee right now?
<p> Your friends and family will be very jealous that you have an iCoffee and they don't. You'll surely be the talk of the town! The next time you have a dinner party, don't forget to serve your guests a delicious cup of coffee from the iCoffee maker with dessert.
<p> If you have a friend or relative who is a coffee connoisseur, this is the coffee machine for them and an ideal gift. They will be able to use the coffee grounds of their choice to start the day off fabulously, each and every day. Go ahead and purchase a machine for yourself too. I think there's room next to your toaster.
<h> Saturday, January 18, 2014
<p> Have you ever stopped to think about how toxic the air you breathe in can be? On a daily basis, I know I breathe in pollution, germs in the air, dirt, dust, bacteria, and a multitude of other unwanted agents. Although you can't always control what you breathe in, you can take action to protect your home and family from it. Wouldn't it be nice to enjoy cleaner air?
<p> Luma Comfort is a premiere US-based manufacturer of home appliances and comfort products. Their product line includes evaporative coolers, misting fans, ice makers, humidifiers, and air purifiers. Any Luma Comfort item is manufactured and designed for superior performance and unmatched reliability. All products come with a comprehensive warranty as well. Why not let Luna into your home and bring relaxation and peace with a humidifier or air purifier? You can thank them later.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive an AP170W air purifier. This compact little beauty removes 99% of dust, dander, mold, bacteria, chemicals, and other airborne pollutants from your bedroom or office. It features a 5-stage purification system for optimal filtration. It's never been easier to sit back and relax knowing you're breathing in clean air.
<p> Hi, I'm small but do a big job.
<p> The unit is a sleek and modern white. It's a perfect neutral color for blending in with your decor. The air purifier is meant for small spaces up to 170 square feet, like a bedroom or living room. I chose to put mine in my bedroom since it's where my dog Carolyn hangs out a lot, and where my husband and I watch TV and relax at night. It's extremely lightweight and you can move it from room to room if wanted. I wasn't sure how loud it would be, but you can barely hear it! The air purifier has a whisper quiet fan, which makes it ideal for leaving on all night since it won't keep you awake.
<p> Luma Comfort's air purifier features touchscreen controls which makes usage extremely easy. In moments, I had the device up and running and soon my air was being cleaned and purified like never before. Even though you can't actually see the device working, you know it is. The 5-stage purification system includes a carbon prefilter, HEPA filter, VOC filter, TiO2 filter, and UV light to help ensure optimal air quality. The filters easily snap into the air purifier, and the SmartClean indicator lets you know when the filters need to be replaced. You can even set the timer if you only want the purifier to run for a certain amount of time.
<p> I've really enjoyed having this unit in my home. It's important and beneficial to our health that my husband, dog, and I breathe in clean air on a regular basis. An air purifier makes a perfect gift especially for that person who has it all. If you're looking to make a change in your home, I highly recommend purchasing a Luma Comfort air purifier.
<h> Thursday, January 16, 2014
<p> Walgreens is one of those stores where I walk in needing only milk and a new face wash, and I walk out with $50 worth of items. I love the one stop shop of having all convenience items under one roof. Browsing the aisles and finding new cosmetic or skincare products that I didn't know about is not uncommon for me. It's hard for me to resist not buying them either! Next time you go to Walgreens, why not treat yourself to something just for you?
<p> Walgreens, the largest drug retailing chain in the United States, is pairing up with Neutrogena for an exciting national night out. Stop by your local Walgreens on January 23rd from 4-9 pm to receive complimentary samples, chat with Walgreens chic beauty advisors, and take part in the buy 1 get 1 50% off all Neutrogena products (excluding sun care and trial sizes.) You'll also have a chance to win an awesome trip for two to Nashville, TN to visit some of Hayden Panettiere's favorite hot spots, and even receive a makeover from a leading makeup artist! To enter to win the trip, all you have to do is purchase any Neutrogena product that night and you'll receive a code at checkout with instructions on how to enter. Fifty lucky winners will win a $50 Walgreens gift card.
<p> Gather up the girlfriends and make a stop at Walgreens for a night of girl talk and beauty. To help make your night extra special, Neutrogena is awarding five lucky winners a prize pack of Neutrogena's newest beauty products!
