<h> Pages
<h> Wednesday, May 16, 2012
<p> I'm always on the lookout for new and interesting reviews/giveaways for you all. I stumbled across Fake Food Japan last night and knew that this would be a good choice! Do you remember how cute the fake food was that you played with when you were a child? Or the miniature food from your doll house? Now you can bring that miniature food, but this time display it on a keychain or as a business card holder!
<p> Fake Food Japan prides itself in bringing you true works of art. Their handmade fake food is carefully designed and crafted from the most skilled in the industry right in Osaka, Japan. This is also where the fake food industry got its start in 1932. Fake Food Japan offers keychains, USB flash drives, business card holders and more, all created around fake Japanese food! Do you have a friend who loves sushi? Why not give them an adorable California roll keychain? If you've recently started a business, store your business cards in a curry rice business card holder? It will certainly be a conversation starter!
<p> Here's some examples of products that Fake Food Japan has:
<p> Stir-fried shrimp with chili sauce business card case
<p> Cucumber roll keychain
<p> Salmon sushi magnet
<p> Fake Food Japan products are perfect for any Japanese food lover, or anyone who loves collecting unique things. Go ahead and admire Fake Food Japan's fun and interesting items! What do you like best?
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win $20 worth of Fake Food Japan items. $20 USD is about 1605 Japanese yen.YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what items you would choose if you won. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 30th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, May 15, 2012
<p> I don't know anyone who doesn't love sausage and bacon, well unless they are a vegetarian. Those juicy sausage links and the perfectly crisp bacon is the star addition to an egg white omelet. I don't have bacon or sausage too much, but when I do I really enjoy it. These two classic breakfast meats are perfect for a hearty Sunday brunch or breakfast with your family. I think I might even make a bacon omelet this weekend!
<p> Balson Butchers is the headquarters for buying English bacon and sausage (or bangers) and Irish bacon and sausage! Are you from Ireland or England and are missing the foods from home now that you live in the US? Let Balson Brothers bring a little taste of your country to America! Traditional pork back bacon, pork bangers, breakfast bangers, and garlic and herb bangers are offered. If you're a big fan of bacon and sausage, why not try a different variation of what you're used to? I bet you'll love it.
<p> I was sent a few packages of pork bangers, pork back bacon, and breakfast bangers. Everything came perfectly cold and intact.
<p> I made breakfast for dinner the other night and decided to serve the pork back bacon and the breakfast bangers with it. The bacon is thicker and sliced wider than normal "American style" bacon. It is not cut into thin strips. The bacon is fulled cooked, all you have to do is brown it. Sear it on both sides for about 30 seconds on medium high heat and you're good to go! The bacon will not get crispy as it is too lean. It smelled delicious when it was cooking. Once the bacon was done, I was intrigued by it as I had never had European bacon before. It had a really nice smoked flavor to it that was very addictive. Each bite was better than the next! The flavor was subtle, but still very noticeable. This does not have an intensely rich bacon flavor, but a nice delicate flavor. I really enjoyed the bacon, now I am not sure how I've never tried it before! It would be great for putting on BLT's or just enjoying for a snack too. I recommend anyone who's never had European bacon before to try this, you're in for a real treat!
<p> The bangers were a little bit more complicated to cook than the bacon. They are fully cooked but you have to pan fry them in a small amount of oil for about 4 minutes per side. These bangers are softer than American style sausage casings and they need to be really brown and crispy. If you think you've overcooked them, chances are you haven't! The banger links are plump and juicy and the perfect sized for breakfast. They smelled wonderful when cooking. Unlike other bangers, these have no nitrates or MSG. When you take a bite of these bangers, an explosion of flavor blankets your taste buds and leaves you wanting more. The texture of the bangers is "clean" and really easy to enjoy. The links are not spicy and I really enjoyed them. You could cut these up and add them to soups, chili, pasta, rice, and much more. The possibilities are endless! I will definitely be ordering these again.
<p> I haven't had a chance to try the pork bangers yet, I know they will be great though! If you're a fan of meat, I highly recommend that you try Balson Butchers.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES: 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win an assorted package of Balson Butchers meat products.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 29th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, May 11, 2012
<p> Guess was a staple in my wardrobe when I was a teenager. I had Guess dresses, shoes, sunglasses, and of course Guess jeans. The brand has been around for many decades now and is enjoyed by women and men of all ages. What I like most about Guess is that it evolves constantly for new generations to enjoy.
<p> Guess is a designer clothing and accessory brand that is available for men and women, and kids and babies. I love Guess's gorgeous high heels, and I actually own a few pairs. They are so comfortable! What's great about Guess is that their clothing and accessories come in so many styles and patterns to suit anyone's taste.
<p> I was recently sent two absolutely beautiful watches that I am over the moon about. I've been needing a new watch for awhile now and these are just my style.
<p> The white one is my absolute favorite. It's a very elegant and classy piece. I love anything that has bling and this watch is just so gorgeous! The gold and white together compliment each other well, and the silver crystals around the face really add a wonderful touch of style. What I love most about the watch is the large face, which is a fun and modern addition. The watch fits my wrist well and looks really great on. The time is easy to read, and it also tells you what day of the week it is. The white band matches with virtually anything you wear. The watch reminds me of summer and will look perfect paired with some cute summer dresses and outfits. You can wear it for a casual day look and easily dress it up for a night time style too.
<p> The second watch is very pretty too. I've never seen a pink color like this color before. Pink is my favorite color so this watch is right up my alley! The piece would be great for adding a playful pop of color to what you're wearing. There are small crystals inside the face of the watch which is an interesting addition. The band is aluminium which allows for a secure fit around one's wrist. The time is also easy to read and it tells you what day of the week it is inside. I like that the pink carries from the band inside the face too. There is no delay with the minute or hour hands ticking. The watch would be cute paired with a pink or black dress. It can be worn all year round.
<p> Want to become a Guess Blogger?
<p> Now through July 31st, fashionistas from around the world will be able to log on to the GUESS Watches App on their Facebook page– currently the largest global watch brand page on Facebook with over 1.4 million fans - and submit their personal style profile. (One to Watch also has an official Twitter page, @GuessOneToWatch, where fans can engage and find out the latest updates on the search.) Once logged on, participants will be asked to create profiles, including a custom-built style board to express their personal fashion point-of view and illustrate why they are the “One to Watch”. Then, the aspiring brand ambassador will share their profile through their various social networks in an effort to gain Style Points from their friends and followers.
<p> At the end of the 90-day entry period, the top ten candidates in each country with the most Style Points will move on to the next round and be asked to submit a blogging assignment. Their submissions will be reviewed by a panel of judges and two One to Watch finalists will be announced on September 10th to represent each participating country. Each finalist will receive worldwide recognition and GUESS Watch product throughout the year.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Guess for providing me with these complimentary watches in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, May 10, 2012
<p> Everyone loves mini versions of food. Mini quiches, mini cheeseburgers, mini grilled cheeses, and of course mini muffins. Mini foods are just so irrestibly cute, easy to make, and are perfect for parties. It's time to break out the muffin tins and make mini portions of your favorite foods!
<p> Muffin Tin Chef is a cookbook written by Matt Kadey. It features 101 recipes and 65 stunning full-color photos, that will help you create miniature versions of your favorite treats.
<p> With faster baking times to keep cooks on schedule, smaller portion sizes to keep waists trim, and a tasty appearance to keep guests impressed, these scrumptious bites are perfect as finger foods, kids’ party snacks or unique dinner treats.
<p> Author and registered dietician Matt Kadey is an expert on packing maximum flavor into miniature portions to ensure that every reader (including those who are vegetarian and/or gluten-free!) is healthy, happy and satisfied.
<p> What are some of your favorite mini meals or mini desserts to make? I've made mini taco cups before and they turned out amazing. For some reason everyone loves crowd pleasing favorites turned into a smaller portion! No bake mini cheesecakes and lasagna cups would great recipes to make too.
<p> If you're planning on having a party soon, why not serve some mini meals? They will be gobbled up in no time!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a copy of Matt Kadey's Muffin Tin Chef.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 24th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Wednesday, May 9, 2012
<p> Chocolate is my absolute weakness, and favorite thing in the world. There's nothing quite like chocolate. Hand me a piece of chocolate filled with caramel or coconut or a chocolate cookie and I'm the happiest girl in the world. Chocolate makes anything better and I'm pretty sure it creates miracles too. :)
<p> Kron Chocolatier is the headquarters for anything chocolate. They sell quality chocolate gift baskets, corporate holiday gifts, and custom chocolates. Any possible craving that you could have for chocolate will be satisfied once you order from Kron. They have gorgeous gift baskets filled with luscious chocolate candies, pretzels, and anything else that you could imagine. These baskets would make a fantastic birthday or Christmas present. Sending someone a bag of chocolate covered popcorn is the perfect way to thank them.
<p> I was sent a gigantic gift basket that was most certainly the key to unlocking chocolate heaven! It was filled with chocolate dipped graham crackers, chocolate oreos, chocolate marshmallows, caramel and nut turtles, truffles, and so much more. The basket was almost too pretty to eat. The keyword is almost. ;) I was also sent a big bag of beautiful dipped popcorn as well.
<p> I tried the chocolate popcorn first. Each piece of fluffy, large popcorn was generously dipped in either white, dark, or milk chocolate. The bag contained an equal amount of each flavor. The popcorn smelled amazing and I couldn't wait to dig in! I tried a piece of dark chocolate first. The color of the popcorn was a deep black color which was beautiful. The rush of the dark chocolate flavor blanketed my taste buds instantly. The flavor of the chocolate was not overly bitter, but just right. The popcorn was fresh, crunchy, and perfect. I tried the milk chocolate next. The popcorn was coated in a beautiful glossy brown. This was definitely my favorite flavor out of the popcorn. The milk chocolate was sweet, but not overly sweet. The chocolate was rich and creamy and everything I could have wanted. Lastly, I tried the white chocolate. The white chocolate blanketed the popcorn like snow on a winter's day. I'm not usually a fan of white chocolate, but I did like it this time. The flavor of it was really delicious. This popcorn would make a fantastic snack or dessert to serve when having friends over.
<p> An up close look at the popcorn. Look at these beauties!
<p> Next, I wanted to try a goodie from the basket. I eyed all of the sweet treats and dreamed of eating all of them at once, but I knew that wouldn't be a good idea! I finally decided on trying a chocolate dipped oreo. Oreos are one of my favorite cookies and the thought of it being covered in heavenly chocolate filled my heart with liquid milk chocolate.
<p> The cookie was large and dipped lusciously in milk chocolate. I took a bite and I was truly in cookie paradise! The cookie had a nice crunch and it was extremely fresh. The chocolate had the perfect amount of sweetness to it. The flavor of the oreo and the creme mixed wonderfully with the dipped chocolate flavor. I savored each bite. It was truly the best chocolate dipped cookie I've had in a long time. I cannot wait to try the rest of the candies. I think they're calling my name right now!
<p> If you're looking for quality chocolates, please turn to Kron Chocolatier. You will not be disappointed.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Kron Chocolatier for supplying me with the complimentary chocolate package in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> This is the inspirational new online lifestyle magazine for the Modern Gentleman. Hand-selecting the latest discerning interviews, articles and galleries from top independent websites including Another Something, Dezeen, Gilt Taste, On Plate Still Hungry, Portable, Post-New, The Boilermaker and Trendland, A Gentleman's Read is a shot of inspiration for the man who wants to make a difference.
<p> From dood &amp; drink to design, sport and film, A Gentleman’s Read brings you the ideas and stories that really matter, co-curated by Ketel One Vodka.
<p> Check out A Gentleman's Read now. There is a link at the top of the post.
<p> Keeping the screens of your windows or sliding glass doors clean is not an easy task. Dirt and debris regularly coat it and it can be a pain to clean. The only way that most people know how to clean screens is by scrubbing with harsh chemical solutions. This is not good to breath in, and it's certainly not good for the environment. Screen Magic will make your screen cleaning a magical experience!
<p> Screen Magoc is an organic, environmentally conscious spray that destroys dust settled on screens. Screens treated with Screen Magic will stay protected and look like new for 4-5 months. Imagine not having to clean your screens for up to 5 months? That's heavenly!
<p> -Requires no wiping or scrubbing after spraying.-Cuts between 30 min to an hour in screen cleaning time per screen.-Works on all types of window screens.-Destroys dust on contact, and looks the same wet or dry.-Is a green product, making it safe to spray on plants.
<p> I know that this product is exciting to a lot of people. If your window screens have been looking extra dirty lately, Screen Magic will whip them into shape quickly!
<p> If you're wanting to do a spring cleaning of your house? Don't forget the screens! ScreeMagic will make your cleaning a much easier, less back breaking experience.
<p> Just look at the difference! That's incredible!
<p> Introduce Screen Magic into your life and your window screens will never look better!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking THREE (3) winners for this contest. Three winners will each win two bottles each of Screen Magic.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 22nd, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I'm always looking to switch up my hairstyles for something fun and new. I routinely blow dry my hair after washing it. I then leave it down, or I straighten it. I'll put it up sometimes. For special occasions, I curl it. That's really all there is to my hair routine. I'd like to work on experimenting with new styles though. Nexxus has all of your hair products covered so you can have that red carpet look at any time.
<p> Nexxus offers hair care products guaranteed to leave you looking stunning. They offer gels, serums, leave in conditioners, straightening sprays and more. I've been using Nexxus products for quite some time now and I really love the results they give me. I've been using the ProMend Split End Binding Smoothing Shine Serum lately and it's really done wonders for my hair.
<p> Celebrities love Nexxus too! Abbie Cornish was at the MET Ball in NYC last night. She was sporting an asymmetrical finger-waved updo created by celebrity stylist and Nexxus Creative Director Kevin Mancuso.
<p> Kevin Mancuso shares these simple steps to recreate the look at home:
<p> PREP:· Apply a generous amount of Nexxus ProMend Split End Binding Bodifying Mousse all over damp hair to bind damaged ends back together while creating texture and body.
<p> STYLE:· Blow dry hair, massaging mousse in at the roots to increase volume.· Use a medium round brush to smooth small sections of hair into velcro rollers for more body. Let rollers cool to set the curl while you apply makeup.· Remove rollers and apply a small amount of ProMend Split End Binding Smoothing Shine Serum throughout for healthy, luminous shine.· Now use a small barrel curling iron to create waves in the front section of your hair.· Back comb the rest of your hair and spray with Nexxus Comb Thru Touchable Finishing Mist for extra support and light hold.· Pin sections of hair up, working around to the back of your head, gently twisting and pushing up for volume. Gently finger tease to give hair a slightly fluffy, fuzzy finish.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 22nd, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Saturday, May 5, 2012
<p> Can't you just picture it now? A gift basket filled with your favorite treats, candles, and bath and body products. The basket is beautifully presented and ready to be shipped off to the recipient, or maybe the gift basket was a present to you! Gift baskets are the perfect way to show someone that you care. The best part is that they work for any occasion.
<p> Kremp Florist is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based company that ships gorgeous flowers, flower arrangements, gift baskets, plants, and balloons all over the country. If you need to send flowers to someone, Kremp Florist is your flower headquarters! The flowers are colorful, high quality, and extremely attractive. Surprise your girlfriend or wife with a beautiful bouquet of red or pink roses! A gift basket makes the perfect present for any occasion too.
<p> I browsed the website for about 15 minutes, just admiring everything. I loved everything that I saw.
<p> I was allowed to review the spa bath and body basket. The basket was beautifully packaged and presented. It was filled with so many great products, I couldn't wait to try them all. I love anything spa related, so instantly I knew I would enjoy it.
<p> This basket is a Kremp.com exclusive special! A scent-sational assortment of bath and body products perfect for pampering!
<p> This basket was absolutely amazing! I couldn't have asked for better items to be stocked in it. Everything I could have wanted was placed in it. It's like it was made just for me. The basket would be perfect to reuse after you use everything that's in it. Use it for making your own gift basket for a friend's birthday, or for storing other bath and body products in it.
<p> I unpackaged the reed diffuser set immediately. I regularly have reed diffusers in my home. I love the way they look, and they really brighten up a room. Not to mention that they smell wonderful! I've never had a reed diffuser set that came with stones before. I set the kit up in my living room, which was easy to set up. In no time the room was filled with a fantastic and very inviting aroma. The stones gave off a nice added rustic touch that I liked. I sat on my couch and read a few pages of my book while I enjoyed the reed I'm big on having my house smell good. I'm always lighting candles because they smell fantastic.
<p> Next, I tried the lavender and chamomile replenishing shea body butter. I'm a big fan of lavender and chamomile, they are two of my favorite scents. I knew that the scents combined would be perfect. The body butter smelled delicious and I couldn't wait to use it. The combination of the two scents together was outstanding! I could equally distinguish the lavender and chamomile separately. The scent of the body butter wasn't overwhelmingly strong at all. It was a perfect subtle balance. I regularly suffer from dry skin, so anything that promises to be replenishing to my skin is right up my alley. The body butter was perfectly creamy and luscious. I applied some to my hands and it rubbed in easily and didn't leave a greasy residue. Some creams and body butters leave a greasy residue afterwards which isn't pleasant. I did notice afterwards that my hands felt much smoother and hydrated, which is a big plus in my book!
<p> The last thing I've tried so far was the lavender and chamomile soothing bubble bath. Since I enjoyed the lavender and chamomile body butter, I knew that I would like this as well. The color of the bubble bath was a a gorgeous shade of purple. The bubble bath was rich and creamy and was easily pourable. My bathtub was instantly transformed into a lavender and chamomile paradise! The bubbles quickly formed and they were big and soapy! The bubble bath smelled awesome and the lavender and chamomile definitely relaxed my senses. I lit some candles and took a very relaxing bath.
<p> I can't wait to try the rest of the items in the basket. No wonder this basket is a best seller, everything is great! I don't know anyone who wouldn't enjoy receiving this as a birthday, Mother's Day, or Christmas present. Why not send this as a surprise to your loved one today? Imagine the delight on their face when they receive it!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Kremp Florist for providing me with this complimentary gift basket in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, May 3, 2012
<p> Since I go to the beach and pool a lot in the summer, it's imperative that I have many swimsuits to take with me. I recently got rid of a lot of swimsuits that no longer fit well, or just are old. It's time to restock! I normally wear tankini's. I gravitate to the swimsuits with cute patterns or bold colors. Brightly colored swimsuits look perfect on a tanned body in the sun!
<p> Yandy offers lingerie, costumes, swimwear, sexy clothing, accessories and more. The website can be a little sensitive, if it's your first time visiting it. Just a warning. Yandy sells beautiful bikinis in a range of styles and prints. There's definitely a suit for any one's taste. I don't wear bikini's usually, but I almost wanted to review one! Instead, I settled on the black full back tankini. I chose a black swimsuit because you can match it with any cover up or sarong. Also, I've never previously owned a black swimsuit.
<p> I ordered the swimsuit in my traditional size. When I received it, I was thinking that I was going to have to send it back because it looked small. Once I tried it on, I was wrong. It fit fine, which was a nice surprise. Both the top and bottom comfortably fit and nothing showed that I didn't want to be shown. The tie on the swimsuit top is adjustable and can be securely tied depending on your preference. The black is sort of a shimmery black color which is really pretty.
<p> I'm picturing wearing this with a cute over sized Kentucky Derby style hat and a pink cover up dress to the beach next month!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a $50 gift card to spend at Yandy.com
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what you'd purchase with the gift code. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 17th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I have a minor obsession with dresses. Okay, maybe a major one. I probably have about 25.I love to wear them in the winter with heels or flats with tights, and in the summer they are my go to staple along with sandals or wedges. My closet isn't very large, but that doesn't stop me from navigating right to the dress department at Macy's. The beautiful colors and patterns attract me like a fly to a bug zapper. I always enjoy getting new dresses!
<p> Mika Rose is a clothing company that specializes in modest, elegant,fashionable dresses and clothing. Their goal is to provide an extensive line of modest dresses and clothing, without having to sacrifice style. You will be able to wear their tops and skirts to a friend's birthday party, work conference, or even dinner party. The beauty of Mika Rose is that not only are the clothes beautiful, they are multi-purpose. If you're in the market for new clothes, Mika Rose would be a great place to start.
<p> When I was allowed to choose an article of clothing to review, I browsed the website for about 20 minutes. I was falling in love with the clothes instantly. I took my time, but finally settled on the Anne dress.
<p> The Anne is a basic yet fun dress that you can wear to almost any occasion. The bodice closes in front with buttons and adorable ruffle detail. The sleeve is a basic short sleeve, allowing your eye to focus on the bodice. The empire waist A-line skirt is flattering for any body type.
<p> When I saw this dress, I was instantly attracted to it. It gave off that 1960's vintage feel, which I love. The plum color of the dress is beautiful and perfect for summer. The dress fits really well and the empire waist is flattering to my body type. The tulle underneath helps give the dress more shape. The belt pulls the dress together and adds an extra element of personality. The ruffles on the top of the dress are adorable. When I saw the picture of the dress on the website, I assumed the belt was black. When I received the dress, the belt was more of a brown color. I wasn't expecting that, but it still looks cute with the purple.
<p> Since I'm only 5'0, the dress is longer on me than I think it would be for most people. It hits me just below the knees. I think if I wear heels with the dress, the length would be a lot better.
<p> I'm already planning on what shoes I can color coordinate with the dress and where I'm going to be wearing it. Now I just need to wait for the weather to get warmer!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Mika Rose for providing me with the complimentary dress in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Tuesday, May 1, 2012
<p> Being sick is no fun, but it's essential that you manage your immune health year round. Making sure that your immune system is in tip top condition, is important. I'm lucky that I rarely get sick. When I do get a cold though, it's a major one. I try to take care of myself as best as possible. If you could help ward off colds and sickness just by taking a pill each day, wouldn't you? Keeping yourself healthy should be your first priority.
<p> SmartMune is a natural ingredient that is clinically proven to safely strengthen your body’s key immune responses. SmartMune activates billions of innate immune cells that are part of the body’s natural defenses, to prime the immune defenses without over stimulating the immune system. Clinical studies demonstrate that SmartMune strengthens the function of key immune cells, maintains energy, vitality and mental clarity, and activates key immune cells to protect against the harmful effects of stress.
<p> I'm always looking for new ways to keep my body healthy. I regularly take a daily multivitamin. So when I had the chance to try Smartmune, I knew it was a good decision to make.
<p> I received a 30 day supply of SmartMune to review.
<p> The bottle is small and convenient for throwing in a glove compartment or purse. The directions say to take one capsule per day on an empty stomach. The pills are a little large. I know not everyone is able to swallow pills easily. I was able to swallow this one with no problem the first time. The pill had no weird after taste. I think the hardest part will be remembering to take these daily along with my other multivitamin. I didn't notice any weird side effects or anything happen after I took the supplement.
<p> I'm really excited about having these supplements handy so now I have no reason to properly take care of myself. I hadn't previously taken immune boosting supplements. I know that my body will benefit immensly from these and that's worth it to me.
<p> GIVEWAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a 30 day supply of SmartMune supplements.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why your immune system needs a boost. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 15th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, April 30, 2012
<p> I love shopping for new clothes for a new season. Since summer is approaching, I've recently bought a new summer top, dress, and sandals. I'm sure I'll pick up a few more things during the season. I love buying new clothes, it's nice to have something new to wear to a party or even date night with your significant other. Don't be afraid to treat yourself. :)
<p> Mika Rose is a clothing company that specializes in modest, elegant and fashionable dresses. Their goal is to provide an extensive line of modest dresses, without having to sacrifice style. You will be able to wear their line to a broad range of functions: from everyday events to corporate parties. Mika Rose's clothing is beautiful and very stylish. If you're looking for a new dress for a work party or office event, this company would be a great choice.
<p> Here are some dresses that I love.
<p> These dresses can be worn with heels or flats and look equally as great!
<p> The clothes are very reasonably priced and are timeless pieces that can be worn for years to come.
<p> Mika Rose also offers gift certificates that you can send to the fashionista in your life for her birthday.
<p> What's your favorite Mika Rose clothing item?
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a $50 coupon code to spend at MikaRose.com
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what you'd purchase with the gift code. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> 12. "Like" Mika Rose on Facebook for 1 entry and write on their wall telling them that I sent you.(https://www.facebook.com/pages/MIKAROSE/295184875112?ref=ts)
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 14th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
