<h> Pages
<h> Tuesday, July 3, 2012
<p> Nowadays using the internet is more common than ever. We interact with friends and family on it, check email, pay bills, play games on it, and so forth. Have you ever stopped to think about what would happen to your online life if you were to pass away? Sure you could write down your email and Facebook passwords for a family member to have, but they might not know where your important documents are stored. If you don't regularly keep your will, life insurance policy or other essential documents handy, chances are they won't easily be found. With Lifetime Vault, you can rest assured that your loved ones will know your wishes, even if you didn’t tell them before.
<p> Lifetime Vault provides an online safe deposit box that allows you to upload username/passwords to important online accounts such as email, Facebook or information about a life insurance policy. When you become permanently incapacitated or die they make sure your loved ones get what they need.
<p> Creating your account:First, you create an account. You should then print your Vault Key™ to give to your loved ones.
<p> Please tell your loved ones not to lose the Vault Key! If you become disabled or pass away, your loved one will need to send the Vault Key™ to Lifetime Vault. For your security, they will validate that you are disabled or deceased, and they'll then give your loved one a special username and password to access your stored information.
<p> Uploading usernames/passwords and documents:
<p> Once your account is set up, you can begin uploading your usernames/passwords and documents. For each file, you tell us when you want to share it with your loved ones by marking the sections you’d like to put it into:Health careFuneralProbateYou can place a username/password or document in more than one section. For example, you may want a username/password in your health care and probate sections. No problem! Just mark both sections when you’re uploading the information.
<p> Your loved ones will be able to access each section at specific times:
<p> Health care - If you become permanently incapacitated and unable to manage your own affairs, your loved one(s) which you select now will be able to access this section only. This might include copies of your living will, health care power of attorney and financial information. By providing them with this information, you know that they’ll know your wishes, even when you’re no longer able to communicate them.
<p> Funeral - If you die, your loved ones will be able to access only this section immediately. This may include any prepaid funeral arrangements, where you’d like to be buried, what you’d like your headstone to say, or other disposition of your body, such as cremation. By providing them with this information, you are helping them to make decisions that may otherwise be difficult in their time of mourning.
<p> Probate - If you die, your loved ones will be able to access this section after Lifetime Vault receives your death certificate. This may include copies of your will, your life insurance policy and/or your retirement account. By providing them with this information in a convenient storage space, you’re saving them from having to dig through your belongings and possibly missing important documents.
<p> Of course we don't want to think about if something happens to ourselves or a loved one, but it's always smart to think ahead. Lifetime Vault exists to make our lives easier when we already have to deal with a tough situation. Make sure that you introduce Lifetime Vault into your life soon!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:
<p> 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a year's subscription to Lifetime Vault.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why you'd like to win. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on July 17th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, July 2, 2012
<p> T-fal’s Ultraglide Easycord Iron features T-fal’s signature non-stick and scratch resistant soleplate for a fast and smooth iron. And with the continuous and vertical-option steaming, convenient retractable-cord system and automatic shut off – the value is unmatched!
<p> Retail value is $39.99, but with this exclusive Amazon.com offer, you’ll get $5 off. All the info is below.
<h> Sunday, July 1, 2012
<p> This first week of July (especially after July 4th) is the second mostpopular week of the year for people to start on diets. With over 20,000 paiddownloads at $3.99 each, intelli-Diet and Super Diet Genius have quicklybecome invaluable tools to help thousands of people lose weight, and werethe #4 and #3 best-selling paid apps respectively in the Health &amp; Fitnesscategory in the US App Store.
<p> To celebrate our download milestone and help kickstart weight loss for July,intelli-Diet and Super Diet Genius, normally $3.99 each, will be availablefor FREE on the iTunes App Store on Monday, July 2nd
<p> intelli-Diet and Super Diet Genius are like having a dietician in yourpocket. Users get personalized daily and weekly meal plans, and see exactlywhat to eat and how much to eat - there are no tracking calories. Both appsleverage our sophisticated algorithm engine so that portion sizes areautomatically calculated for each food, based on the user's age, height,gender, activity level, food preferences, which foods are in their kitchen,current weight, goal weight, and desired rate of weight loss.
<p> Calling all sports and entertainment fans! I've got a great product for you to proudly display your favorite sports team with in any room of your house. Let the pride shine through with your very own Fathead!
<p> At Fathead, they embrace what you embrace - the players, teams, and characters that ignite your passion. They make premium quality, life-size, officially licensed wall graphics and street grips. Whether you love the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS, the Premier League or any other sport, Fathead wall graphics and street grips are the ultimate expression of fan loyalty. Don't worry, kids and entertainment are covered too! When you get a Fathead, you'll throw out every sports poster, sports sticker and wall decal in the place.
<p> Fathead is Huge! Real.Big. Fathead wall graphics are life-size action images that you stick on any smooth surface. You can move them and reuse them and they are safe for walls. Fathead wall graphics are way better than a poster, much bigger than a sticker and tougher than a decal. Choose from hundreds of licensed sports and entertainment images. You can also get a custom Fathead! Upload your photos to make your own Fathead using our Fathead customizer. Need decorating ideas? Need to find a unique gift? Need ideas for party decorating? Need to decorate a den, office, kid's room? Fathead has you covered! Great for party planners, wedding planners, interior designers, decorators, sports enthusiasts, and fans of all ages! A fathead can transform an entire room in a fraction of the time, and cost of painting or wallpapering.
<p> Here are some examples of Fatheads:
<p> Any Fathead logo that you could possibly want is available with just a click of your fingertips. Make yourself or someone happy today with their favorite basketball player or Disney character!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Fathead of their choosing.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what Fathead you would choose if you won. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Fathead on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.twitter.com/fathead)
<p> Winner will be chosen on July 15th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, June 26, 2012
<p> Positivity in life is very important, especially in challenging situations. It's much easier to dwell over the negatives of daily life than it is to be positive. Finding the positive in a negative situation will get you farther in life. It's essential to thrive in the life you live.
<p> The Swiss Cheese Theory of Life is written by Judy Belmont and Lora Shor. The main theme of the book is resiliency. Using Swiss Cheese as a metaphor for life itself, you will explore ways to get through the holes rather than get stuck in them. Swiss is not like any other cheese - and neither are you!
<p> This self-help health and wellness book is sure to delight and enlighten - with a thick-sliced sense of humor. While it is whimsical in style, it deals with many serious and universal topics that affect our everyday lives. We distill important concepts from many sources, slicing them up into easily digestible chunks of information.
<p> After all, Swiss is not like any other cheese and neither are you like anyone else! This wellness book is about thriving in the face of life's adversities, overcoming challenges, developing stress resilience, and making effective and long lasting changes for a happier life. Important training concepts are easily related through a light-hearted holistic approach that will touch your mind, body and spirit. Our expertise as psychotherapists and wellness speakers has reached thousands of people throughout the country - and now we want to reach out to you! Couldn't everyone benefit from Swiss Cheese Life resiliency training to help them move through life's holes instead of getting stuck in them?
<p> This book features a great collection of real life situations that we face every day, and helps us form a different and positive perspective of it. The Swiss Cheese Theory of Life will help you to form a new outlook on the way you handle life and certain situations.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:
<p> 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a copy of The Swiss Cheese Theory of Life.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why you want to be more positive in daily life. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on July 10th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, June 25, 2012
<p> Daniel Radcliffe may well have finally hung up his broom, his Invisibility Cloak – though we’ll never know for sure – and his little golden balls in search of a more adult career starring in the “Woman in Black” but there are many families for who the draw of the Wizarding World still remains strong. Thankfully, to satisfy the needs of the smaller members of the family – and the big kids inside all of us – The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ is going strong in Florida, at least. For those planning Holidays to Florida in 2012 it’s worth knowing that there is more to the Sunshine State that witches and wizards, although most experiences contain a certain magic.
<p> What to pack
<p> • You won’t need to pack ‘fun’. Unlike those dreary weeks in wet, grey and cold UK tourist ‘hot’ spots you don’t need to pack the play station or other diverting forms of entertainment, either. In my childhood we were subjected to endless games of ‘Happy Families’ or ‘Snap’ in dank, steamy caravans. For parents of my generation there is, thankfully, no need to subject the kids to this kind of memory sharing. Fun generally comes as standard on Florida Villa Holidays and the standards are pretty high.
<p> • When it comes to the weather you do need to prepare sensibly but prepare, in this case, in a good way. Florida has a sub-tropical climate and although this means it’s basically hot, it can also be warm and wet at different times of the year, with high levels of humidity. So pack light clothing made from material that breathes well. Battery operated fans are a good idea for staying cool when queuing for rides in the parks – queuing is not just a British preoccupation, sadly. If it is rainy season, small umbrellas won’t go amiss – though you won’t get drenched in quite the same way as in the UK! Places to go, Mice to See
<p> • If it’s a family holiday to Florida it will undoubtedly involve the theme parks. Florida was named by the Spanish as ‘La Florida’ which translates as the Flowery Land. Today it’s known as ‘The Sunshine State’ and is also gaining the nickname the ‘Theme Park Capital of the World’. Say as they see sort of people aren’t they? Yes, Florida, particularly the area around Orlando deserves this title. The main parks are Walt Disney World® Resort, Universal Orlando® Resort and SeaWorld® Orlando, but it doesn’t end there.
<p> • Florida contains numerous State and National Parks and these offer a range of alternative outdoor activities. The most famous of the National Parks is undoubtedly the Everglades National Park – further south than Orlando. This is a must for multi centre holidays split between Orlando for the big (fake) mice and Miami for the big (real) alligators. The State Parks offer the opportunity to get away from it all, with relaxing outdoor pursuits that include, but are not limited to, kayaking, hiking, cycling, camping and diving, snorkelling or fishing and surfing, in the coastal ones.
<p> The beauty of Florida villa holidays – and it really is a beautiful state – is the variety of activities available. The climate means that you aren’t like to be stuck indoors at any point and it’s perfect for families who like to get out and about. While Orlando offers everything you could want in the way of theme parks to exhaust the kids, just down the road are small coastal towns that offer retreats, restaurants and relaxation to recover and re-charge for the adults. Holidays to Florida in 2012, offer just about everything you could need for a perfect family holiday, including perfect weather. With holiday season nearly upon us it’s the perfect time to snap up some affordable last-minute deals to the many magical kingdoms of the Florida peninsula.
<p> Author BioCharlotte actively blogs about Fashion, Beauty, Food &amp; Drink covering everything from the latest fashion trends to tasty food. On her spare time she loves shopping, discovering new products &amp; enjoys getting lost in new places as she writes away.
<h> Sunday, June 24, 2012
<p> There's nothing like the scent of Gain laundry detergent. One sniff and you will be magically transformed onto a beautiful tropical island where you'll be sitting beach side with a butler to attend to your every need. Just kidding, but imagine if a smell can do that, what can Gain do to your clothes? :)
<p> Gain offers a variety of laundry care items including: laundry detergent, fabric softener, and dryer sheets. Gain recently introduced a dish washing liquid as well. There's even Gain with a Febreze scent! Over the past few years, Gain has included new scents in their products such as Spring Awakening, Outdoor Sunshine, Apple Mango Tango, Hawaiian Aloha, Island Fresh, Dazzle and Shine and more. Every scent will leave your clothes smelling amazing!
<p> I've been using Gain for years and always enjoy using a new scent to wash my clothes with.
<p> When I had the opportunity to review a new Gain Scent detergent, I took my time in deciding. I was sent a strip with the new Gain scents on them to figure out which scent I wanted to review. I finally decided on Hawaiian Aloha. I knew the scent would not only smell delicious but remind me of a fantastic Hawaiian trip too!
<p> The one thing I love about Gain is that the color of the bottle has remained the same over the years. It's always been that recognizable bright green color. I grew up with Gain and it's a laundry detergent that I rely on and trust.
<p> The pink label and flowery graphics certainly catch your attention. The detergent came at just the right time since I ran out of my last bottle of Gain. I loaded up my clothes in the washer and prepared for my clothes be instantly transformed to Hawaii! I opened the bottle and took a big whiff of the magical liquid. It smelled very sweet and floral. The febreze that the detergent contained provided a nice clean element as well.
<p> The detergent washed my clothes well and thoroughly. As soon as I took them out of the washing machine, the aroma of the detergent instantly blanketed my senses like a warm summer day. Even a day after putting my clothes away the Hawaiian Aloha scent remained. This detergent will surely be my new go-to scent. I absolutely love it! Thanks to Gain my clothes always smell delicious and look their best.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary bottle of Gain in exchange for the review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> Please help me reach my goal. Tell your friends, coworkers, and family about my blog. You can post about it on Facebook and Twitter and any other social media platform!
<p> All you have to do is comment on the entry form and say that you've shared my blog link on Facebook, Twitter, etc for a shot at winning. Easy right? Who doesn't want a chance at $25 just for posting a link?
<p> You can show me your Facebook and Twitter link that you used to promote my blog too.
<h> Friday, June 22, 2012
<p> Hair removal is an often sought choice for many individuals. Men and women alike try to find a way to get rid of the unwanted hair from their bodies. Whether it is through Tria laser hair removal, waxing, or shaving, this practice is important to many seeking the removal of that unwanted hair. But even knowing this, does not explain the whole story. It is important to ask the question of why individuals want to remove hair at all. The following are five popular reasons why hair removal is chosen and a quick review of the methods used to do so.
<p> BeautyHair removal can be completed for many reasons. For some, the top reason is cosmetic or beauty driven. Individuals do not want hair on certain parts of their body because of the way it looks externally and removal is sought because the body is not the way that the individual wants it. This is a personal choice that they make in order to provide themselves with the best look possible. Whether it is waxing the eyebrows, shaving the legs, or another procedure of the sort, beauty is an important aspect of why hair removal methods are sought out.
<p> CustomIn some areas of the world, hair must be groomed in a certain way for religious customs or practice. This can mean tailoring a look to the specifications deemed appropriate by a religious text, leader, or another individual. In the same way as customs or religious beliefs may deem hair removal practices, so too, can the social norms of society. Whether it is removing hair between the brows or removing it from the legs, custom is another top reason why hair removal is so popular.
<p> ComfortHair in unwanted places can be uncomfortable. Whether it is the itchiness that can develop from hair on the back or neck or near the bikini zone, hair removal is not all about cosmetic appeal. Instead, it can very much be rooted in the seeking of comfort. For this reason, hair removal methods are chosen to help to make for a more pleasant life.
<p> MedicalOthers choose to remove hair for medical purposes. Whether it is an impending surgery that needs hair removed or a disease which leads to hair falling out anyway, this can be a popular reason for removing hair. It can also be one of the most intense and terrifying. Individuals who remove hair because of this should check with their doctors before attempting any procedure, at home or otherwise, in order to make sure that it is safe for the body and their health.
<p> PersonalSometimes the reason for hair removal has nothing to do with society or others perception of beauty. Sometimes it is simply a personal choice or desire. It is not about how it may look to others but how we ourselves feel about our bodies. This is a popular reason and may just be the best reason to choose this cosmetic and aesthetic procedure.
<p> MethodsNo matter what the reason, there are several great options available to those looking to remove hair from the body. Among the most popular are shaving, which men and women alike both choose. This is a great option for the face, legs, and bikini region if done correctly. Another option for removal is waxing. In waxing, the pain is a bit more intense—though not overbearing if done correctly—and the results are longer lasting. Whether it is regular waxing or sugar waxing, this option can be very useful to those that want a hair removal plan or course of action.
<p> Laser treatments are available as well, usually carried out in a professional clinic. Tria permanent hair removal however is an at home, clinically proven method for hair removal that is getting great and positive feedback. Though not yet as popular as the other methods, if the Tria Laser hair removal reviews are any predictor, this product will soon become a mainstream hair removal device.
<p> Author BioCharlotte actively blogs about Fashion, Beauty, Food &amp; Drink covering everything from the latest fashion trends to tasty food. On her spare time she loves shopping, discovering new products &amp; enjoys getting lost in new places as she writes away.
<p> Movie nights are a regular occurance in my life. I love to go to the movies with friends, or have a quiet night in with my boyfriend and watch the latest flick. I have probably close to 100 DVD's. I don't buy DVD's quite as much as I used to now with Netflix and other live-streaming video platforms that are available. Make sure that whatever movie you watch, you accompany it with popcorn.
<p> Dlink is the global leader in connectivity for small, medium and large enterprise business networking. Whether you're looking for wireless routers, wireless media players, or even internet cameras, D-Link has you covered. Consider D-Link your gateway to the media and conferencing world.
<p> With the weather hotter than ever in some areas this past week, it's a good idea to stay inside where it's cool. Of course watching a movie while indoors is a wonderful idea too. To make your movie-viewing experience the best possible, D-Link has introduced MovieNight Plus.
<p> With the D-Link MovieNite Plus, you can now stream the latest movies and TV shows from VUDU and Netflix, listen to Internet radio from Pandora, and view your favorite photos all on your big screen TV. Best of all, you can also use MovieNite Plus to conveniently view live video from your Cloud Camera on your TV using the mydlink app to keep an eye on your kids and pets. If you have more than one Cloud Camera you can view up to four cameras on your TV using the mydlink + app – freeing up your computer and mobile device.
<p> This is a great product for any mom who enjoys the convenience of watching their favorite movies on Netflix or Vudu in the comfort of their own home.
<p> Winner will be chosen on July 6th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Wednesday, June 20, 2012
<p> I'm a very girly girl. I love getting dressed up, wearing jewelry and doing my hair. I regularly wear pink items and I have a favorite polka dotted dress. I enjoy accessorizing and being female. I'm a big fan of any companies that promote girliness, like Pink Meadow.
<p> Pink Meadow started to bloom in 1999 with the first seedling, Notano, which sold unique pink and green note cards.
<p> From that first seed and years of pollinating and growing, and selecting only the best unique pink and green items, a meadow of pink and green started to grow. From that moment, a pink meadow was formed!
<p> If you're looking for adorable pink themed items, this website is your go-to company! How about pink and green polkadotted suitcases for your upcoming trip? Or maybe a new pink watch is what you've been looking for. If your daughter, niece or granddaughter is going to college this year, you can help to furnish their dorm with items from Pink Meadow. Don't forget to check out their cute jewelry too! There's something for everyone at Pink Meadow.
<p> Check out examples of other items sold at Pink Meadow.
<p> I was sent an adorable overnight bag for review. This bag is just my style, I really like it.
<p> The bag is perfect for taking on a one day overnight trip, or even using it as a gym bag. It has handles, but also includes shoulder straps too if you don't want to carry it. The pink and green are vivid and bright and full of personality. The dots add a fun touch of pizazz. The bows on the pockets are adorable. The pockets also offer additional space too. The bag is not extremely roomy inside but it's enough to store a pair of shoes, a shirt, and a pair of jeans. There is a separate compartment on the bottom to store a makeup bag and anything else you desire. There are pockets on the inside of the bag for easy access too. I am looking forward to taking this on an overnight trip soon!
<p> I love the design of the bag, the only thing I wish is that the bag was a little more spacious.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Pink Meadow for supplying me with the complimentary bag in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> Now that summer is officially here, it's time for those ice cream and cold sweet treat cravings to be in full force. There's nothing quite like a icy cold, refreshing popsicle in the middle of a hot summer day. It was very close to 100 in NYC here today and with heat like that all I can think about is something frozen! Make sure that whatever icy treat you choose, it tastes amazing! :)
<p> New Confectioner uses coconut milk containing no cholesterol, and no trans fats, organic soy milk, and organic raw blue agave sweetener, as base ingredients of their vegan ice cream style frozen desserts. Sorbets are made with real fruit and berries, and sweetened with organic raw blue agave, so there's a low glycemic profile, and no fat. Authentic flavors made from fair-trade coffee, organic chocolate, organic oranges, and lemons, and more. Rich, creamy-perfect, satisfying, and vegan! With many flavors around 100 calories per serving, its a sin to not indulge.
<p> New Confectioner offers such exotic flavors as cucumber wasabi, Thai sweet corn, peach mango, pina colada, pumpkin pie, cranberry orange and much more. How about delighting your senses with some of these unique flavors?
<p> I first found New Confectioner at a booth at a farmer's market in Beacon, New York. You can find him at various markets and events around the upstate NY area. The owner of the company, James Spica was selling his sweet desserts and handing out samples. I tried a sample and fell in love. The ice cream style dessert was cool, creamy, and full of excellent flavor. I knew I just had to do a review too! Not long after that, a package full of 8 sample cups of sorbet and ice cream style desserts arrived at my door. I received peanut butter cup, snow and orange flowers, carrot raspberry sorbet, mint chocolate chip sorbet, and many others. Everything looked heavenly and I couldn't wait to dig in. How can you resist delicious desserts that are healthy too?
<p> I first tried the peanut butter cup. It was true perfection. It looks like ice cream, but it's not authentic ice cream. The dessert is light, fluffy and very airy. It's not thick or dense at all like regular ice cream. The color was a rich brown. With one quick insertion of my spoon, the creamy treat was ready to be taste-tested. Upon first bite my taste buds were met with the heavenly symphony of peanut butter and chocolate, but all at once. I could instantly identify the peanut butter, then the chocolate. It was utterly delicious. The treat was not heavy at all and went down smoothly. The flavor of the dessert was fantastic and it was like eating a liquified Reese's peanut butter cup. Chocolate and peanut butter are a fantastic combination and you can't go wrong when you pair them together.
<p> This picture features the beautiful texture of the dessert.
<p> Next, I tried a few spoonfuls of the snow and orange flowers. The bright yellow color of the dessert was very inviting. As soon as I took the lid off, the aroma of oranges hit me. It was like standing next to an orange tree! I loved it. I've always loved orange flavored ice cream and frozen yogurt, especially in the summer. There's something about orange flavored foods that I associate summer with. The dessert was also light and airy. I tasted the first bite and it was also extremely delicious. The flavor of the orange was extremely prevalent and strong. Each bite was better than the next! It was very refreshing and a nice, fruity change from the chocolate that I previously tasted. This is one treat that you certainly cannot pass up this summer.
<p> I look forward to trying the other flavors and I was sent, and any other new ones in the near future.
<p> If you're in New York State, keep an eye out for New Confectioner at a location near you!
<p> Who doesn't love great smelling body mists, perfumes, and lotions? I know I do. I can't go into Sephora or Bath and Body Works without smelling practically everything on the shelf. I wear perfume on a daily basis and couldn't imagine not wearing it. There are too many scents not to enjoy. I always love to find new favorites.
<p> Since 1993, Auric Blends has been captivating women and men with their creative line of fragrance products. Their perfumes and incense are handcrafted and always made from the highest quality ingredients from around the world. They invite you to enjoy what millions of people worldwide have come to know and love as their favorite fragrance line.
<p> It's very easy to get wrapped up in the friendly and inviting website of Auric Blends. If you've never tried perfume oils or roll-on perfumes before, you've really been missing out. Don't worry though, now is a perfect time to redeem yourself!
<p> Here are some featured products from Auric Blends:Layla, an enticing floral with Moroccan and Bulgarian rose, jasmine and orange flower blossom. Sandalwood and vetiver notes blend with just a touch of the spice of clove to create a complex perfume.
<p> Pele, earthy and rich with bay leaf and cinnamon. Spicy florals of geranium and lavender add a floral touch while patchouly and vanilla round out the composition.
<p> Siren is a fresh lemon oil and lemongrass blended with rich florals. Sage and thyme add to the base a lively herbaceous quality.
<p> Of course there are many other scents to choose from as well. What scents do you like best?
<p> What I admire most about Auric is that they offer untraditional scents that are bottled and available at your fingertips. They don't sell scents that are common and ordinary. Go ahead and treat yourself to a wonderful smelling product today!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:
<p> 1. I will be picking THREE (3) winners for this contest. Three winners will win a product of their choice from the 1/3 ounce perfume section.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me which perfume scent you like best. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on July 4th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
