<p> I always bring my Kindle and iPad with me everywhere. Any kind of travel I do, the devices are always with me. I also always keep a notepad with me because I'm always writing things down. Whether I have to call someone back, pick up something at the store, or even if I have an idea for my blog, I write it down. The Kindle case, iPad case and notepad take up a lot of room in my bag though. Wouldn't it be nice if I could have a combined case featuring a notepad that also holds my electronic devices? The Tablet Cover Shop makes those dreams a reality.
<p> The Tablet Cover Shop is an innovative company that combines iPad and Kindle cases with notepads! How convenient and revolutionary is that? The case folds open to reveal a notepad on one side, a 2-in-one pen stylus in the middle, and a space for your electronic device on the other side. Elastic bands secure the notepad, Kindle and iPad for you. You can rearrange the position of the device and notepad too which is great, depending on if you're left-handed or right handed. There are many different pattern choices of cases depending on your tastes. I can guarantee there is a case that you'll instantly love. The case is foldable, which allows it to be a stand for the Kindle or iPad in several configurations. The unit stays securely closed with a magnetic tab.
<p> I was sent three different cases for review. A Spice Bouquet Kindle Case, and a Marche de Fleurs Kindle and iPad case. I like having two different cases to interchange my devices with, depending on my mood for that day.
<p> As soon as I saw the Spice Bouquet case, I knew I had to have it. I was instantly attracted to the bright and beautiful vintage design. The colors are full of life and personality and really jump out at you. I really love the flower and butterfly pattern, it's adorable. The case is very much my taste and I feel represents me well. The matching notepad inside is great and it has a big flower on the bottom corner. What I like about the notepad most is that the flower doesn't take up the entire page, so there is a lot of room to write. The orange interior background is cheerful and brightens your mood the second you lay eyes on it. My Kindle fits in the elastic straps with ease. I have not had any issues with it coming loose or falling out whatsoever. I did change the positioning inside and I moved my Kindle to the left and I have the notepad in the middle. This is easier for me and works better.
<p> I love having the attached stylus/pen too. I'm always searching for a pen in the bottom of my purse which is frustrating. Ladies, you know how I feel! I've already taken this case with me and it's been beyond convenient. The pen ink continuously flows and allows me to write down my thoughts or anything that I need to remember. I am enjoying having everything together in one case. It makes my life much easier. The case seems to be very durable and made well. It fits in my purse comfortably and is not too heavy to carry around. I'm definitely going to be using this product for some time to come.
<p> This is the Marche de Fleurs case which I was sent in a Kindle and iPad version, but each version looks exactly the same. Tablet Cover Shop really knows me well, as they sent me two designs which both have an antique feel that is right up my alley. The beautiful rose on the front with the French lettering is appealing for many. Inside, you again have a matching notepad with a rose pattern on it. The iPad notepad is much bigger than the Kindle version. I wish the notepad had less of the design on it so there was more room to write, but that's not a huge issue. The print inside the case is simply gorgeous and the cream, black and floral colors look beautiful together.
<p> I switched the positioning and put my iPad on the left side and the notepad in the middle again. The great thing about this case is that it's compatible with the iPad 1, 2, and 3. So no matter what version you have, don't worry it will fit! Using a stylus with an iPad makes life so much easier. No more selecting options that you don't want. Once you're done with the stylus put it back inside the elastic straps and it will be there waiting for you next time you need it. The case is made well and I'm sure will last me for some time to come.
<p> Your kids will love the iPad case when you position it for them as a stand so they can watch videos and movies on it too. Bring it on the car or plane for them when you travel. You can also use the stand feature when you have a presentation on your iPad for work or school. The possibilities for this wonderful product are endless. I am grateful that I have now found something that makes life more convenient and less hectic.
<p> The holidays are rapidly approaching and I'm sure a friend or family member would love a Kindle or iPad case for Christmas. This would make the perfect gift for a student, a writer, or anyone in between. Let the Tablet Cover Shop bring a smile to their face!
<h> Tuesday, November 6, 2012
<p> I'm more of a wine drinker now than I used to be. For years I didn't enjoy wine at all, but now I've slowly started liking it. My favorite wine is Prosecco. I'm always on the lookout for new wines to try. Certain wines pair well with different foods and I like to experiment to find those. When I was introduced to California Wine Club, I was looking forward to joining a club involving the delectable vino!
<p> California Wine Club is a service that sends out bottles of wine to its members on a monthly basis. With four wine of the month clubs to choose from, they have wine selections and gifts to suit all budgets and tastes. The Premier Club is California Wine Club's most popular. The Signature Series is for wine collectors and connoisseurs, while the International Selections are from small "mom and pop" wineries around the world. Finally, the Aged Cabernet Series is Napa's most prestigious Cabernets aged 8-12 years. The quality of the wine should not be a concern for you, as you will never receive any bulk closeout or private label wines ever. Each and every wine California Wine Club selects comes from a real working winery and is backed by their 100% guarantee.
<p> A membership to CWC would make an excellent Christmas or birthday present, or a housewarming present too. Delight your friends or family with a vinolicious gift that will thrill them. Why not even enroll yourself in the membership? Everyone enjoys trying new wines, right?
<p> Since I am enrolled in this club, I've received two shipments of wine. I was excited when they came because I was looking forward to expanding my wine palette.
<p> I was sent a bottle of white that was a Sauvignon Blanc, and a red which was a Tempranillo. I had never heard of Tempranillo before, but I was familiar with Sauvignon Blanc. I am not a huge fan of red wine, so I wasn't sure if I would enjoy it. I regularly drink mainly white wines. I've had many Sauvignon Blancs in the past and have really liked them. Both bottles were packaged nicely and were not broken when I received them.
<p> Unfortunately I forgot to take a picture of the white wine before I tried it. I did remember to take a picture of the red wine. Sorry about that.
<p> I tried both wines at room temperature. I first sampled the red wine. I enjoyed the clean and simple design of the bottle and the label. Red wine doesn't have to have a ton of bells and whistles, just enjoy the simplicity of it. The aroma of the wine reminded me of the holidays. Wine brings families and friends together and this is immediately what I thought of when I sniffed it. The color of the red was beautiful and vibrant. It poured easily and effortlessly. I thought this wine was drier than some red wines that I had tried in the past. I did some research and found out that Tempranillo is a variety of black grapes which are widely grown to make full-bodied red wine in its native Spain. What I also discovered is that some of the tasting notes include berries, plum, vanilla, among many others. The flavor of the wine was pleasant and after a few sips I really started to enjoy it. I had never had wine that was made from black grapes before. I'm surprised that I did like it as much as I did, because I'm not usually a fan of all red wine. This would make an excellent dessert wine, and it would also pair well with a delicious Italian dinner as well.
<p> Next, I tried a glass of the white wine. The color of the wine was also beautiful. It was a perfect, almost golden color that looked great when poured in my wine glass. I smelled the wine and it had a strong scent. I wasn't sure if I would like it based on how it smelled. I took a taste test and found that it was very bitter. It was not like the typical white wines I enjoyed. I honestly did not like it. I'm sure other people would enjoy it, it just doesn't have the notes that appeal to me.
<p> I'm receiving another shipment of CWC next month and I will report back soon with more wine thoughts! :)
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to California Wine Club for sending me the complimentary wines in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Saturday, November 3, 2012
<p> Do you regularly put products in your hair such as mousse, gel, hair spray, serum, etc? If so, it's vitally essential that you use a clarifying shampoo which will remove dirt, oil, and bacteria. Having beautiful and clean hair is easy to obtain. Why not take advantage of that? Healthy Hair Plus wants your hair to look its best at all times.
<p> If you've been recently on the market for a new shampoo to treat oily hair and dandruff, I have the perfect shampoo for you! Let me introduce you to Follicleanse shampoo.
<p> This shampoo deep cleans hair follicles and scalp, remove hair product build up, oil and dirt and also promotes healthy hair growth. It clears and soothes flaking dandruff, inflammation and itching. The bonus part about the shampoo is that it clarifies for fresh clean hair and scalp. It is paraben free and is rich in zinc PCA and botanical extracts to heal and repair.
<p> This is one of Healthy Hair Plus's best selling shampoo's. If you're looking to give your hair the boost it needs, Follicleanse is waiting to help you!
<h> Friday, November 2, 2012
<p> I firmly believe that every person should own many pairs of shoes. Variety is the spice of life as they say. My boyfriend doesn't share my philosophy of wanting multiple pairs of shoes. He is okay with just having a few. I'm always trying to persuade him to buy another pair because I think it's important. When I was introduced to Gola Footwear, I knew he would like these.
<p> Gola is a classic British shoe brand that has been around since 1905. The shoes are unique and unlike what everyone else is wearing today. Gola offers sneakers for men, women, and children. Ladies flats and messenger bags are also available. The sneakers are top notch quality and built to last. They come in fun and interesting color patterns like yellow and blue, red and navy, silver and white, etc. Pick your favorite color combination and let your personality shine through!
<p> When I was told I could review a pair of sneakers, I instantly knew I wanted to select a pair for my boyfriend. I am not a big wearer of sneakers, except to the gym. I browsed the site and admired all of the shoes. Not only do they have different color combinations, but some shoes have Union Jacks on them since Gola is a British brand. That was interesting to see. I knew that my boyfriend wouldn't like anything too crazy for his taste so I settled on something nice and simple. I chose the Chase navy and red sneaker.
<p> I really liked these as soon as I saw them. The navy and red are very attractive together. This shoe is an authentic running shoe that is inspired by an original 1969 Gola track and field model. I thought that was really cool. The style of the shoe is not like your everyday typical sneaker, I think that was why I instantly gravitated towards them. The suede is very soft and supple. You have to be careful though with when you wear these. I definitely wouldn't recommend wearing them in the rain because the rain could ruin the suede. The navy is a beautiful dark hue, and the red is very vibrant and alive. There are nice grippers on the bottom of the shoe to provide balance and stability.
<p> My boyfriend has already worn these many times since receiving them. He had no problem initially putting them on and tying them. He says the shoes are extremely comfortable to wear and he has really enjoyed wearing them. They seem very durable and I'm sure will last for some time to come. The red and navy pair perfectly with jeans for a relaxed, casual look. The best part is that you can wear these year round. These have quickly become my boyfriend's new favorite pair of shoes! He has been wearing them every chance he gets. I owe it all to you, Gola.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary pair of shoes in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, November 1, 2012
<p> Filtered water is something I take very seriously. I've always had some kind of water filtration system, whether screwed onto my tap or a in a pitcher. I don't want to take any chances by drinking unfiltered water and potentially ingesting mercury, chlorine, or anything else unsanitary. Brita shares my stance on healthy drinking water.
<p> Brita is the leading manufacturer of filtration products designed to give you peace of mind with your drinking water. The products are meant to improve the quality and taste of tap water. Brita provides pitchers, replacement pitchers, filtering bottles, dispensers and faucet filtrating systems. They have been a household name in my home for many years now. When I think of clean drinking water, they are the first company that comes to mind.
<p> Many years ago I had a white Brita filtration pitcher. It worked well and I loved the way that the water tasted from the pitcher. I honestly have no idea what happened to it. Since I've moved many times, I'm assuming it was lost in one of my moves. I knew that I had to replace the pitcher with a modern day one.
<p> Brita came to my rescue and offered me a gorgeous stainless steel pitcher to review. I was very excited that the pitcher came in a stunning and modern finish that really appealed to me. A stainless steel finish fits in with today's up to date kitchen and certainly looks beautiful on your kitchen table.
<p> The Brita was shipped extremely quickly. In no time I was face to face with this beautiful work of art. The brushed stainless steel is fingerprint resistant which is my favorite part. Everybody knows how stainless steel shows fingerprints easily. I've touched it quite a number of times and no fingerprints show up at all. I am amazed! The black modern handle pairs marvelously with the rest of the pitcher. Since it's an 8 cup pitcher it holds a lot of water, which is great for putting on your table for meal times with your family. You also don't have to refill the pitcher each time since the water capacity is large. The instructions that came with the pitcher were very easy to follow. Soon after the pitcher was ready to go and I was able to drink from it.
<p> I poured water into the top which has an easy locking lid that is very convenient. I let the pitcher chill out in my fridge for a while and get nice and cold. The pitcher fit excellently in the built in shelf inside the fridge too. A few hours later it was time for a taste test. I poured my first glass of water and prepared to be taken away into a world of Brita where everything is healthy, happy, and clean. What I first noticed about the water was how crisp it was. It had a very clean and clear taste to it. I tasted nothing metallic-y or odd. The cool water was very refreshing and I truly give all of the credit to Brita for making the water taste excellent.
<p> There is an electronic filter change indicator on the top of the Brita. What's great about this is that it alerts you as to when you need to change your filter, which is usually every two months or 40 gallons. I will definitely be serving my guests delicious Brita filtered water and keeping it on my dining room table at meal times for some time to come. I feel much safer knowing I'm drinking safe water that could not potentially harm me. If you're looking to change your water for the better and give it the boost it needs, please turn to Brita.
<h> Wednesday, October 31, 2012
<p> I'm sure everyone can remember reading Narnia books as a child. The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe was always a favorite of mine. I truly enjoyed the exciting and fascinating world that the characters lived in. If you've ever wished that you could be able to eat the unique foods that they did, now's your chance. Who knows, maybe you'll even be transported into a secret world! :)
<p> The Unofficial Narnia Cookbook, written by Dinah Bucholz, offers you the chance to cook delicious meals from Narnia in the comfort of your own home. You don't have to travel through a wardrobe to indulge in them. Don't worry about the white witch or any epic battles either! There are over 150 delicious and unique breakfast, lunch, and dinner recipes. The recipes are easy to follow and make. It's always exciting to try new foods and discover recipes that become lifelong favorites.
<p> A typical menu could consist of meals such as these:
<p> Breakfast- Start your morning off with porridge, crispy bacon, or a tender omelet with a sauteed vegetable filling. Of course you have to try a baked york ham, and toast with sweet orange marmalade too.
<p> Lunch- How about delighting your taste buds with cold lamb or a vegetable cheese omelet? Maybe an onion garlic pea porridge is more up your alley. Don't forget a lemon squash either.
<p> Dinner- Sit down to a delectable meal of roasted goose with fall fruit stuffing and cranberry sauce. The meal can't be complete without mashed potatoes with onion gravy, and of course plum pudding.
<p> Make sure to save room for dessert! How does buttered toast with honey or sugar-dusted sponge tea cakes sound? Christmas biscuits are a must in Narnia too. Remember biscuits are an English term for a cookie.
<p> These recipes would be great to make for an upcoming holiday party, especially if you want to serve something different. Have your children help out too, don't leave them out of the fun!
<h> Tuesday, October 30, 2012
<p> If you're like me, you're always trying to live a healthier life. Whether you want to lose weight, have less stress in your life, lead a regular and normal sleep schedule, or even quit smoking. Some of these are daily battles for people. I know I am always trying to drop a few pounds and exercise more. Wouldn't it be nice if you could deal with these problems and correct them for once and for all?
<p> MyHealthEar promotes healthier lifestyles through the use of aricular therapy devices. Aricular therapy refers to the treatment of a patient via stimulation of acupoints located on the ear, specifically the auricle or outer portion of the ear. HealthEar devices are individually customized ear molds fitted with acupressure nodules. These nodules stimulate specific acupuncture points found in your ear to achieve a desired result. The best part is that you can take this product with you and use it anywhere, at any time. The devices are natural, drug-free, and non-invasive. They are custom molded to your ear through a molding kit and a questionnaire that you fill out. These are made to achieve optimum results for only you. It is also far less costly then acupuncture treatments.
<p> Appetite control for weight loss:
<p> Worn before mealtimes or when you feel a need to snack. It suppresses your feeling of hunger so that you eat less. It also temporarily speeds up your metabolism. I'm always trying to control my hunger and if I were to be able to stop snacking as much, I'd be very happy.
<p> Nicotine craving control:
<p> Worn before your regular smoke break or when you have a spontaneous craving. It suppresses your desire for nicotine. In some instances, patients have reported an aversion to tobacco after wearing the device. This would be a great product for someone to try who has tried other stop smoking products and they haven't worked for them.
<p> Insomnia relief:
<p> Worn intermittently throughout the day and while you sleep. This device readjusts your circadian rhythm to help you fall asleep and stay asleep through the night. Insomnia can be extremely frustrating for all. It's not easy to try to sleep but you just can't, night after night.
<p> Stress and anxiety relief: Worn whenever you feel anxious or stressed out. This device encourages your body to release tension, and has a calming effect on your mind and body to help you relax. If you have a big meeting or presentation at work, wearing the stress and anxiety relief device could help calm your nerves and make you feel better.
<p> These devices could be the push you need to help certain parts of your life get back on track. Why pay for uncomfortable and sometimes painful acupuncture treatments when you can wear this device and achieve similar results? As you can see, the devices come in a range of colors to fit any one's taste preference. If you're traveling, place the device in your bag and use it anytime that you need it. Convenience at your fingertips is a must for all.
<p> If you need a boost to help smoking, or kick start your weight loss regimen, please give MyHealthEar a chance.
<h> Monday, October 29, 2012
<p> Would any blogger be interested in putting their blog button on the sidebar of my blog? I will link the button to your site of course. I have almost 2,500 followers and I receive many thousands of views a day. I have over 7,000 combined Twitter and Facebook fans. This is for bloggers ONLY.
<p> I work with high end companies who regularly view my blog.
<p> If you're looking to increase your traffic, my blog is a great place to start.
<p> I charge $10 for 30 days and $25 for 90 days.
<p> Please let me know if you're interested. I would love to help you increase your traffic.
<p> Nothing excites me more than soup season. I love a hearty, satisfying bowl of chicken noodle soup with plenty of oyster crackers. I love to experiment with making homemade soups. I had lentil soup for lunch today actually. I've never made chili before, and I think I'll try my hand at making turkey chili this Fall. What are some of your favorite soups?
<h> Sunday, October 28, 2012
<p> If you are in the storm's path, please be safe. I send you all good vibes and thoughts and hope you have no damage. I am stocked up with food, water and candles. I just don't want to lose power. I have been watching the weather channel for the latest updates.
<h> Thursday, October 25, 2012
<p> The holidays are rapidly approaching. Have you started thinking about what will be on your Thanksgiving or Christmas menu? The food is important, but the drinks are equally essential too. Everyone loves a great cocktail or glass of wine. Skip the requisite bottle of red or white wine this holiday season and surprise your guests with a refreshing frozen wine beverage! Bring a little bit of summer to your winter party and spice up the fun.
<p> Old World Gourmet has been creating frozen drink mixes for over a decade. They provide the perfect party drink mixes for any and all occasions. Whatever your frozen drink mixes are, Old World Gourmet has you covered with cool freeze bar mixes, holiday favorites, party in a pitcher, champagne freeze mixes, and much more. Any type of party is cause to feature frozen drinks! The drink mixes make great hostess gifts, wedding favors, and are essential for stocking in a gift basket for a birthday or Christmas present. They travel well and can be packed easily in a car, purse, or cooler too. These are ideal for bachelorette parties or summer picnics and pool parties. Whatever event you're having in the future, make sure Old World Gourmet is on the guest list!
<p> The Vino-Licious Lemoncillo Freeze will surely be given two thumbs up by all. Just simply mix, freeze, and stir. The best part is you can use your favorite wine. Old World Gourmet suggests using Pinot Grigio for an outstanding flavor.
<p> I love the color of the Lemoncillo mix. It's so bright and beautiful. Don't you wish you could have a glass right now? Well one lucky winner will very soon!
<h> Wednesday, October 24, 2012
<p> In my opinion, jerky is a snack made for men. It's one of those foods that rugged, tough guys enjoy. The spicy, smoky beef flavor is right up their alley. Forget chips and salsa. Put a bowl of jerky in front of your husband and watch his face light up. There's just something about that chewy meat that they love.
<p> Krave Jerky has revolutionized jerky for the better. Leave the tough and leathery jerky that is made with chemically processed ingredients behind. Krave provides an all-natural snack that is not only flavorful and healthy, but made with only high-quality ingredients. The jerky contains only 1.5 grams of fat per serving, and more than 50% less sodium and cholesterol than the other leading brands. If you're a fan of the meaty snack, Krave Jerky is the healthier brand for you. Why have all of the chemical additives when you can still enjoy the great taste?
<p> These flavors are a far cry from traditional and boring beef jerky sticks. Let an explosion of flavor burst in your mouth every time you bite into a meaty piece of Krave Jerky. Which flavor sounds best to you?
<h> Tuesday, October 23, 2012
<p> I'm a huge lover of turkey. I enjoy turkey sandwiches, turkey tacos and of course ground turkey! I very rarely eat beef or pork. Turkey is a delicious and healthier alternative to other not so good for you meat alternatives. I actually make my own turkey meatballs that are out of this world and full of flavor. I love to experiment and I'm always trying a new recipe that I incorporate turkey into. Jennie-O is my go-to brand for turkey products!
<p> Jennie-O provides the freshest and highest quality turkey products. Every year for Thanksgiving we always have a Jennie-O bird on the table. Some of the other products include sliced turkey deli meat in a variety of flavors, bacon, pastrami (never knew that!), sausage patties and links, and much more. Whatever turkey need you have, they have you covered! When I went to Jennie-O's website, I discovered a very cool feature. They have recipes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. You incorporate what you want to eat for the meal and recipes are displayed for you. Let's say you're craving turkey sausage and eggs for breakfast. A fantastic recipe for turkey sausage and egg tostadas pops up. It gives you step by step directions and nutritional information too.
<p> Jennie-O recently stepped out with two new products in their turkified lineup. Turkey lovers listen up! How does turkey tacos mini soft taco kits and turkey nachos mini nacho kits sound to you?
<p> This is a fabulous option for a work or school lunch, or an afternoon snack too. Each kit comes with fully cooked, taco seasoned ground turkey, tortillas, and cheese. It's ready in the microwave in just two minutes!
<p> These nachos have my name written all over them. The new packaging allows for optimal snacking convenience with an improved, easier-to-use microwavable cup. The kit comes with fully cooked taco seasoned ground turkey, tortilla chips and cheese. Pop these in the microwave and let your taste buds have an adventure of a lifetime!
<h> Monday, October 22, 2012
<p> I recently won a Silpat from a blog contest on Momfiles blog. It's a non-stick baking and cooking mat. The bottom of your cookies and food come out golden brown and perfect. It looks wonderful and I can't wait to bake delicious mouth-watering treats on it.
<p> What should I bake first? The person who gives the yummiest sounding treat idea first wins! :)
