<h> Thursday, September 26, 2013
<p> Candles are ideal for providing warmth, comfort, and style to your home. They also are a great focal point for any room. I have many candles around my home and I regularly light them. They are very peaceful and soothing, not to mention smell great. Candles come in so many different shapes, colors, styles and scents, you're guaranteed to find one or more that you love. Why not treat yourself to a new candle today?
<p> Volcanica Candles are luxurious yet accessibly priced intricately carved artisan candles made in Bali. There are more than 221 beautiful styles available in the collection, so there is truly something for everyone. The candles vary in style and are featured in pillars, roses, spheres, tapers, floating, LED, glass/mosaic, and more. Each candle features a different color and theme. How about a white sphere candle with flowers carved in it? Maybe you'd prefer a beige colored pillar candle with a swirl design? The possibilities are endless These candles are truly the most stunning candles I've ever laid my eyes on. The skill and talent that these people possess is beyond me. I can only wish I was an ounce as talented as them. Any candle from Volcanica makes an ideal present for any occasion.
<p> I'm always on the lookout for new candles to add to my house. I have a few in my bedroom and living room. My favorite candles are the ones that burn for an extended amount of time and the scent envelopes my whole room. That makes me smile just thinking about it. When I stumbled across Volcanica candles, I just knew I had to own one. I opted to have the candle sent to me a surprise. Of course I thought about picking my own choice, but the element of surprise is much more fun.
<p> I was sent the beautiful Amethyst ball candle. This candle radiated beauty from the second I opened the box. I knew just the spot for it. It would look perfect on a side table in my living room. Every room is instantly brightened by a lovely candle.
<p> I wholeheartedly love this candle. I've never owned a candle as beautiful as this one previously. It's a quality candle and has some weight to it. The deep purple color is stunning and I love all of the handiwork of the hand carved flowers. There is no scent attached to this candle, that's the only thing I would change. Every candle deserves a scent, I think!
<p> The candle looks fabulous on my side table and it really adds a pop of color to the room. I lit the candle earlier today and it burned bright and strongly. It burns for 45 hours, so you have many hours ahead of you to enjoy it. What I love about this candle is that it's very versatile. It fits in well with any decor in any room of your home, so you don't have to worry about it looking off with your furniture. I look forward to enjoying this candle for some time to come.
<p> Everyone should own a Volcanica candle at some point in their lives. Once you pick out your newest candle, all you have to worry about next is where to put it. Go ahead and treat yourself today.
<h> Wednesday, September 25, 2013
<p> CVS is one of those stores that I can spend my whole paycheck in. I can tell myself I only need new razors and a mascara, and I come out with $5,000 worth of items I didn't know I needed, but I had to have them. I love the reasonably priced items, and something on my shopping list is always on sale, which I love. Don't forget to use your CVS card next time you shop!
<p> CVS is an American drug retailer company with a pharmacy chain. This store is your one-stop shop for everything you need. Where else can you pick up a gallon of milk, a birthday card for your sister, new makeup, baby powder, a magazine, and your medicine? You can only find items sold all in one place like this at a drug store. I love the convenience factor! CVS has recently introduced a new exclusive line of household essentials called Total Home Products, available nationwide. The products include a wide range of items for everyday home care. The products range from cooking and cleaning to organizing. The bonus part is that the line is priced 15-20% cheaper than popular national brands. Among more than 150 items included in the line are facial and bath tissue, paper towels, trash bags, food and storage necessities, kitchen and bathroom items and much more.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive a basket of Total Home products to review for myself. I'm not loyal to just one brand name, I like to frequently try new products.
<p> I can now start a mini CVS in my house. Who will be my business partner?
<p> I was very happy with the selection of products I received. I thought it was a good mix of what the product line includes. I received storage bags, cling wrap, flushable wipes, disinfecting wipes, fabric softener sheets, toilet paper, and a box of tissues. Everything came in a fantastic reusable brown wicker basket.
<p> I really liked the labels of everything. Just because the Total Home line is a CVS extension and not a name brand line doesn't mean that the labels have to be dull and boring. The labels were colorful and descriptive and sold the products well. I haven't had a chance to use all of the products so far, but I have used a couple.
<p> Last night I opened a large package of chicken. Since I wasn't cooking the entire pack at once, I put the remaining chicken in the gallon bags to store in the fridge. The gallon bags were fantastic. They opened with ease and the chicken fit inside with no problem. They zipped closed and stayed closed. They didn't seem poor quality at all. I would certainly use them in the future to hold any excess food I'd like to freeze, or for upcoming holiday baking.
<p> The disinfecting wipes are fantastic for a quick counter or kitchen wipe down. These are the perfect thickness and they work well. The lemon scent is very pleasant. I used them yesterday to wipe down my counters after I cooked. I felt confident with the state of my counters after using them, and I doubly liked seeing the dirt on the wipe after use.
<p> I made a plate of cookies for my work last night too. I used the cling wrap to keep the cookies fresh before bringing them to work in the morning. The cling wrap was strong and protective and adhered to the plate well. Everyone loved my cookies too!
<p> I can't wait to use the rest of the products. So far I am very impressed with each product. The lower price guarantee is also a great incentive to make the Total Home switch whenever you shop at CVS.
<h> Monday, September 23, 2013
<p> Bags and cases are one thing that are a necessity in my life. I use my purse on a daily basis, but if I'm going to the beach, a concert, or even traveling, you can guarantee I'm using a tote bag too. A tote bag allows me to carry my computer and anything else that is too large to fit in my purse. The roomier a bag is the better, in my opinion. I also keep my computer and phone secure with a case. Built NY knows all about keeping your belongings secure.
<p> Built NY designs fashionable and functional totes, bags, and cases that make life on the go more enjoyable. Whether you're looking for a case for your laptop, iPad, or kindle, etc they have you covered. Everything comes in fun and unique colors and patterns. The bags are made from neoprene, which is a wetsuit material. There are children's products like tote bags and lunch bags. If you're looking for a bag or case to that will set you apart, Built NY is the way to go. Recently they expanded their product line to feature baby products like diaper bags, stroller organizers, diaper clutches, bottle totes, bibs, and more. Whatever item you could possibly need or want is available on Built NY's website.
<p> While my husband and I don't have children just yet, we will eventually. When I received the opportunity to review a diaper bag, I thought it would be a good idea to take them up on their offer. Even though I can't use it right away, it will be one less thing I will need to purchase when we do have a baby. I'm just planning ahead.
<p> I was sent the Night Damask Station Convertible diaper bag. This is a black bag with a beautiful dark damask print with cherry interior. The bag carries everything parents need and features interior pockets to keep essentials organized.
<p> The bag comes in four different colors depending on what your taste and preferences are. It's made from neoprene and polyester. It unzips to convert to an integrated changing station with a removable and machine washable changing pad. This is very convenient when you have to change diapers on the go. The interior pockets store diapers, wipes, etc. The two exterior bottle pockets insulate up to 4 hours. There are two additional exterior pockets for quick access. An adjustable shoulder strap with padding for shoulder comfort is also one of the features of the bag. The best part is that it's stain resistant.
<p> What I love most about this bag is how big and roomy it is. You could realistically carry anything you need in it. From bottles and wipes, to diapers, snacks and toys, to a change of clothes. It truly holds everything you could need, and each pocket is large to hold multiple amounts of diapers, a case of wipes, etc. I like that everything stays in an organized pocket to keep the inside of the bag clutter free from everything in one big open compartment. The bag itself is made of high quality neoprene which easily wipes clean if needed.
<p> One awesome feature about this bag is the changing station that unzips. If you're out in public and need to change your baby quickly, this will be a life saver for you. The changing pad keeps baby safe from dirt and bacteria when being changed. Just throw it in the wash after and you're good to go.
<p> The diaper bag itself isn't heavy at all. It's very lightweight and I'm sure I'll have no problem carrying it. The damask pattern is very stylish. The interior print is a cherry color, which adds a nice pop of color to the dark exterior. I really like how the bag doesn't look like a true diaper bag, but more like a messenger bag. It doesn't scream baby when you look at it.
<p> I know that when the time comes for me to have my own child, this diaper bag will really come in handy and be a lifesaver. If you're in need of a new diaper bag or stroller organizer, Built NY is a great place to check some baby essentials off your list.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Built NY for providing me with the complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Sunday, September 22, 2013
<p> I wear makeup on a daily basis, but I don't routinely experiment with different shades, foundations, or products. I stick to what I know, and my look is the same everyday. Occasionally, I will try a new lip gloss or foundation. Of course I love to look at products in Ulta or Sephora, I just never think to switch up my makeup style. Makeup is a great art form to express ones self and I feel that every woman should welcome it into their lives.
<p> Bella Trucco is a New York, Hudson Valley based wedding makeup company that specializes in using the highest quality makeup and the latest applications, including airbrush. Tara from Bella Trucco will create a flawless wedding day look for you based on your personality and style. After she finalizes your perfect look, you will never feel more beautiful as you walk down the aisle. Tara is extensively trained from Last Look Makeup Academy in New York City. The wedding services include pre-wedding trials in the Bella Trucco studio, wedding day makeup application in the location of your choice, bridal party, mother of the groom, and mother of the bride makeup, and false eyelashes. Whatever look you're looking for on your big day, Tara will assist in making your makeup dreams a reality.
<p> I had never had my makeup professionally done before, so I was excited for this opportunity for my wedding. I chose not to receive a pre-wedding trial because it wasn't easy to go to Bella Trucco's studio with my schedule. I felt that it wouldn't be a problem if I didn't have a prior look created. Tara was very easy to work with through email and assured me that everything would be ready for the morning of my big day.
<p> Tara was right on time to do my makeup, my mother-in-law's, my two sister in law's, my mom's, and my mom's friend. I noticed right away that she was very professional, friendly, and easy to work with. All of us chose the airbrush makeup because it would last much longer through the night than traditional makeup would.
<p> When it came my turn for my makeup, Tara asked me what kind of look I was going for. I honestly had no clue. Should I go for a dramatic or subtle look? I left it up to her. She told me she would choose a traditional bridal look for me. I trusted her judgement.
<p> The makeup application was very easy and quick. The airbrush makeup felt like a blast of cold air against my face, but covered all flaws and left me with a smooth finish. It dried within a few seconds and you could touch it without smudging it. I had a smoky eye and a beautiful lip color that was achieved by mixing two colors. I really loved my look and felt beautiful and happy.
<p> As you can see, even many hours after application, it still looked fresh and beautiful.
<p> I had a lot of my pictures taken outside. Even with the heat and sun, the makeup held up beautifully. Not once did I feel like my foundation was melting off or looking blotchy. Throughout my entire ceremony and reception, the makeup looked wonderful. At midnight, when your normal makeup has long worn off, Tara's makeup looked like it was applied five minutes ago. I couldn't have been more impressed! The makeup was easy to take off which was a plus. I didn't have to work at scrubbing my skin for too long.
<p> I'm truly so happy with how my makeup, and the rest of my family's turned out. Tara made us look beautiful, and for that we are so grateful.
<p> If you're in the Hudson Valley region of New York and are looking for wedding makeup application, please don't hesitate to contact Tara. She will go above and beyond to make you look fabulous on your special day.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary service in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Friday, September 20, 2013
<p> As you all know, your child's first Halloween is very exciting and memorable. You can't wait to pick out the most perfect and adorable costume for them and take a ton of pictures. You will hold their little hand while you take them door to door to collect their sugary goodness in their pumpkin basket from each house. This Halloween is just like this for me, except my child has four legs and won't be going door to door for candy. I want to make Carolyn's first Halloween as memorable as possible, and Just Pretend Kids is just the place to make this happen.
<p> Just Pretend Kids is a brand of costumes, tutus, and play accessories that inspire children to play, dream, learn, and just pretend. The website is a dream come true for any princess or girly girl. The tutus are glittery, sparkly, and full of tulle. The costumes feature bright colors, butterflies, fruit themes, animals, and so much more. Your daughter will love to play dress up as a fairy princess! The items at Just Pretend Kids would make an ideal Halloween costume this year too. Anything from the collection would make a fabulous birthday present for that small child in your life.
<p> While I don't have children just yet, my dog is my child at the moment. Even though she is on four legs, that doesn't make her any less of a daughter to me. Why should she miss out on fun occasions and events because she's a dog? She shouldn't! This Halloween is her first with me. She occasionally wears clothes, so a costume wouldn't be anything that she isn't used to. I decided on what she should be. A witch? A devil? A ghost? I finally settled on it, a ballerina girl! Carolyn's a girly dog and I know she would enjoy being able to wear a tutu fit for the queen that she is!
<p> I chose the Catherine Butterfly Lime Tutu. The bright green would pop against her white fur. I also loved the multicolored butterfly accents. This tutu was made for a sweet princess girl like Carolyn!
<p> Look at how adorable this tutu is. The shimmery tulle underneath adds another level of diva to this tutu. Carolyn gives it two paws up in approval.
<p> The first thing that I noticed about this tutu is that the glitter came off very easily, so watch out for that. The lime green is bright and vivacious. I love the multicolored hanging butterflies, they are so sweet. The tutu is made well, I can tell. I like that it stretches so it will be a comfortable fit for your child. Since this tutu was for Carolyn, I had to make sure it was the smallest size possible to go around her. When the package arrived in the mail today, I told her that her Halloween costume was inside. She was very excited!
<p> Look at how sweet my baby looks in her tutu! She is ready for Halloween now, but we have more than a month's wait. The tutu fits her well, and she has no problem walking in it or wearing it. You can't tell from this picture, but she was really excited to wear it. She smiled and wagged her tail! I knew I made the right costume choice based on her reaction.
<p> My dog will be a true ballerina girl on Halloween, and I'm so excited. I might even get her a small pumpkin basket and put some treats in there for her to enjoy!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Just Pretend Kids for the complimentary tutu in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, September 18, 2013
<p> I'm a huge fan of baths and showers. I can't start my day without a hot shower before I head off to work. I also end my day with a nice bubble bath every night. Showers are relaxing and peaceful and the best place to have uninterrupted thoughts. My shower is filled with various bath scrubs and body washes, I enjoy trying new bath products immensely. I believe that the showerhead in your shower makes all the difference. When's the last time you brought in a new showerhead to rev up your shower experience?
<p> The Rejuvenator Microbubble Showerhead distinguishes itself from other showerheads by using microbubble technology. Normal showerheads merely cover your body with water, and then you use soap to clean the surface of your skin. Microbubble technology generates millions of tiny microbubbles that cleanses the pores of skin more deeply. By using this technology, it's been reported that 80% of users also report softer and healthier looking hair. It's time to push that old showerhead aside and introduce the Rejuvenator to your shower! Your skin will surely thank you.
<p> I'm always looking to bring the spa to my home, so this showerhead was right up my alley. I was fortunate enough to receive one for review. My current showerhead is the one that was in the shower the day I moved in, so it's never been updated. In my old apartment, I had several new and fancy ones over the years. I hadn't yet gotten around to updating my current one. It was time for a change!
<p> The shipping was extremely speedy on this product. In just a few short days, the package arrived at my door. My husband is much handier than I am, so I delegated the job of showerhead installer to him. It took him about 30 minutes to install everything from start to finish. He said the instructions were slightly tricky, and he also had to remove the old showerhead in the shower which took time.
<p> Soon after installation, the new showerhead was attached and ready to go. Upon first glance, it doesn't look any different than any other normal showerhead. Believe me, looks can be deceiving. The magic is inside!
<p> Look at me. I'm up high because I'm the star of the shower.
<p> I used the showerhead for the first time yesterday morning. I noticed right away that the water pressure felt stronger, much more powerful than I'm used to. I enjoy a strong shower, so I found no problem with that. I did not notice any actual change in the water, or anything out of the ordinary to happen when the water hit my skin. The microbubble action happens behind the scenes. Rest assured though, your skin is smiling from shoulder to shoulder. It's certainly enjoying the benefits of the microbubbles.
<p> I like knowing that my skin is receiving benefit from this showerhead, even though I can't see it. Hopefully I will see my skin become clearer and more vibrant in due time.
<p> If you're looking for a way to amp up your bathing routine and make your skin sing, it's time to introduce the Rejuvenator into your life.
<h> Tuesday, September 17, 2013
<p> I don't currently own my own home at the moment, but that doesn't stop me from watching home improvement shows. I constantly watch HGTV. I love to get ideas on beautiful kitchen backspaces, vivacious bathroom vanities, and dazzling decks. I wish I had the means to purchase a home and completely gut it and make it my own. Hopefully one day I will! That's one of my dreams. For many people in this world, they work in construction, or know a fair bit about home remodeling jobs.
<p> Peak Roofing Systems is a Frisco, TX based commercial metal roofing and residential roofing company. The services include emergency roof repair, leak detection, roof maintenance, ventilation, gutter replacement, and even fence repair. You can feel confident in choosing them for their services because they have the highest standards in the roofing industry. The outstanding customer service reports from satisfied clients are on their website. Nobody knows roofing like Peak's employees and the dedication and pride shows in their work. If you're in the Frisco area, and are looking to have your roof serviced, please contact Peak.
<p> If you're in the beginning stages of needing roof services, why not call Peak Roofing Systems for a free estimate today? They will be more than happy to come out and service your needs. Please don't want until it's too late to fix! You will see the wonderful customer service provided by this company. Please feel free to recommend them to friends and family, they will surely appreciate that. Why not pick up the phone and call today? Get that construction project going!
<h> Monday, September 16, 2013
<p> Halloween is rapidly approaching, even though it seems hard to believe. I've noticed the candy in drugstores, along with Halloween related items. If you haven't started thinking about your costume this year, it's time to start doing so. Let your creativity flow and have the best costume that will win the award at your costume party this year! 80sTees is here to assist with all of your costume needs.
<p> 80sTees.com sells a variety of 80's based shirts reminiscent of the decade's music, movies, and television shows. Whether you'd like a shirt featuring a scene from Back to The Future, the Double Dare Logo, or even the E.T. logo, they have you covered and offer much more. Why not purchase an Aerosmith or Guns N' Roses shirt for the 80's music fan in your life, or a Superman shirt for that Superman fanatic? They also sell costumes, backpacks, blankets, and more. Go ahead and surprise the 80's lover in your life with something that will make them say radical dude!
<p> Halloween only happens once a year, why not go all out this year? Make this Halloween be the most memorable in recent years. If you're looking for a unique costume, have you considered 80sTees? The variety of costumes is remarkable. There's certainly something for everyone! Here are some fun costumes for you to consider.
<p> Bubble Wrap Zoltan
<p> Top Gun Costume
<p> Skeletor Costume
<p> As you can see, there is a wide variety of costumes available for whatever your preference is. I hope you will share your candy with me this year! :)
<h> Sunday, September 15, 2013
<p> To say I'm a fan of housewares is an understatement. I'm drawn to them like a moth to a flame. One of the first departments I scout out in any department store is the housewares. Pots and pans, kitchen gadgets, and bakeware all have a special place in my heart. I truly can't get enough of them! There's just something about a new muffin pan or blender that makes me smile. Libbey knows all about housewares love.
<p> Libbey is a major retailer of stemware, beveragewear, entertainment sets, desserts, food storage, serveware, dinnerware, and more. Whether you're looking for beer or cocktail glasses, everyday drinking glasses, cake or cupcake stands, pitchers, or much more, Libbey is your one stop housewares shop. My love affair with Libbey began when I was creating my registry. I stumbled upon the Just Tasting products and went nuts. I marveled at their adorable size and knew I had to own every item available. It was kind of sick. My obsession grew from the Just Tasting products to the glassware and serveware, and beyond. When I received Libbey wedding presents, I squealed in delight. There's truly no love like Libbey. My husband makes fun of me for how much I adore this brand. He just doesn't get it!
<p> I was kind enough to be allowed to do a review. I was also beyond excited at this opportunity. There's always room in my heart for more Libbey! I perused the website, my eyes growing bigger from looking at each category. What should I choose? It was a hard decision, but in the end I chose the Selene Glass Cake Plate with Dome, the Frost 16 piece set, and the Yucatan pitcher. I was very happy with my choices and couldn't wait for the items to arrive to use them!
<p> The Selene Cake Plate with Dome is a baker's paradise to me. For a long time now I've been wanting a new cake plate. I love to display my baked goods and this would surely make my cakes the star of the show.
<p> Chocolate cake, cheesecake, or red velvet cake?
<p> The design of the cake plate is simply beautiful. The glass is durable, high quality, and strong. It can hold a large cake with ease. I recently baked a peanut butter and chocolate 10" cake and it fit perfectly inside. The cake plate's surface area is large, so no worry about running out of room. My favorite feature about this is the dome. Put any cake inside and you can marvel its beauty from afar, all while it stays fresh for days! This doesn't have to be just for cakes. Why not put cupcakes, brownies, or even cookies inside? Anything you want to serve would work well in here. The best part is that the product is dishwasher safe, so clean up is a breeze. I am looking forward to making a cake for Thanksgiving and serving it in the cake plate with dome, I think everyone will love it!
<p> Before I moved to my new apartment a year ago, I had a 16 piece glassware set that I loved. The glasses had a really cool circle pattern on them. Everyone complimented the glasses whenever I served them a drink. Several of the glasses broke and my 16 piece set soon turned into 11. I didn't like having an uneven beverage set, and I knew I had to find the perfect new set.
<p> Who wants lemonade or iced tea?
<p> When I stumbled upon the Frost 16 piece set, I knew this was the set for me. The set contains 8 large glasses, and 8 small. The frost pattern is awesome and I absolutely love it. I've never seen anything like it before. The glasses are durable and sturdy and hold liquid with ease. This is a perfect everyday glass set that is ideal for serving water, juice, soda, iced tea, or lemonade in. My family is very jealous that I have this set and I think they will be placing an order for their own set very soon! The glasses are dishwasher safe and wash extremely well. Sometimes I catch myself opening my kitchen cabinets just to admire the beauty of the glasses every so often. Hey, I can't help it. The set is so easy to love!
<p> The last thing that I've been on the lookout for recently is a new pitcher. I love to entertain, but I don't do it enough. I have so many serving pieces just waiting to be filled with yummies for my guests to snack on. What I don't have is a quality pitcher.
<p> Would you like a refill of the extremely refreshing lemon water? No problem.
<p> When I was searching for pitchers online, I came across so many I wasn't fond of. They didn't have the right shape, or I didn't like the handle. When I found the Yucatan, I knew this was the kind of pitcher I was looking for all along. I liked the heavy rounded bottom and the large chunky handle. It also had a pattern similar to the Frost glasses. What should I serve in it first, I thought? Lemonade, iced tea, or cucumber water? The beverage choices were practically endless. I had some friends over that day and decided to serve them lemon water. Who doesn't love lemon water? I'm a big fan myself. The pitcher holds a lot of liquid, so it's ideal for serving a crowd. The pitcher is sturdy and secure. I can tell it's made to last. I served the iced tea in the Frost glasses, which actually was a great choice and complimented the pitcher well. Everyone thought the pitcher was beautiful. Since summer is over, I look forward to using the pitcher next summer.
<p> If you're looking for a housewarming present, Libbey is the ideal source for you. Also, anything from Libbey makes a great birthday present too, or gift for any occasion. Why not treat yourself today to some Libbey love? Your kitchen will thank you.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received these complimentary items in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are my own.
<h> Thursday, September 12, 2013
<p> Getting older is not easy for anyone. As you age year by year, you may feel less confident with your body and looks. This is a normal feeling. Trust me you're not alone at all. I just turned 25, but I've had a couple of lines underneath my eyes for awhile now that I'm trying to manage while I still can. Wouldn't it be nice if we could find the fountain of youth and turn back the hands of time?
<p> The Youth Corridor: A Guide to Timeless Beauty is a book written by plastic surgeon to the stars, Dr. Gerald Imber. This book is a prescriptive, common sense anti-aging plan. This groundbreaking guide is an easy-to-read manual that tells you all you need to know to maintain your looks throughout adult life.
<p> By following the earliest and most basic treatments for skin care and maintenance, you can maintain a youthful appearance for a lifetime. Why not return your skin to the exuberance of the youth corridor- the years between 30 and 55, during which the most drastic physical changes occur. The easy-to-follow regimes and helpful illustrations make timeless beauty a reality. The book also catalogs beauty products that give women the best results and describes successful procedures in plastic surgery.
<p> It's time to embrace your looks and be more confident about them. Celebrate who you are, rather than feeling ashamed. Why not check out this book today?
<h> Wednesday, September 11, 2013
<p> As summer comes to an end, it will soon be time to switch off those air conditioners and fans. The hot weather will disappear and cooler temps will roll in. It's essential that you have a working heater for the weather ahead. Fall and winter are very cold months and you need to make sure you're prepared and stay warm. I am not a fan of the cold, but everyone likes snuggling up with a blanket in a cozy robe while the heat is turned up.
<p> Northern's One Hour Heating and Air Conditioning is a company that services Minneapolis, Minnesota. Northern's takes pride in arriving with stocked trucks that are prepared for their appointments. If they don't arrive on time, you don't pay anything! They take the time to suggest the most cost-effective and efficient handling of your air conditioning and heating systems. Their services are affordable for all of the options applicable to your heating and cooling units. If you're in the Minneapolis area and are looking for boiler installation or furnace installation, please check out Northern's, as well as servicing for other needs. You won't be disappointed! There are many coupons available on the website that save you the most money possible.
<p> Minnesota's winters are frigid. I've never been there, but I've heard horror stories. Make sure you stay as warm as possible this winter. Get a tune-up for your heating unit to make sure it will properly function. I know it doesn't seem like Fall is on the way since it's still warm outside, but it will be here before you know it. You'll be cozying up to a fire while sipping hot chocolate before you know it too.
<p> Go ahead and contact Northern's One Hour Heating and Air Conditioning for any of your needs today. They have rave reviews on their website and would love to be of service to you.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received compensation for posting this. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, September 9, 2013
<p> Let's take a trip back down memory lane. Remember the days of yesteryear where you brought your lunch carefully packed by mom to school in a brown paper bag? I remember all of the popular kids had their lunch in brown bags. They were obviously too cool for a lunchbox! It's time to revamp that old brown look and switch it up for something a little more stylish.
<p> Kaufmann Mercantile believes good design means beautiful aesthetics and well-chosen materials for products that are built for functionality and durability. Kaufmann produces goods for everyday life that are fine quality luxuries, but still environmentally safe. How about a beautiful new canvas tote bag or leather backpack? Surely you'll be able to fit your everyday essentials in it. Many other categories of products are available such as tools, kitchenware, grooming and beauty, gardening, and much more. There's an item to pique anyone's interest and curiosity. Go ahead and let Kaufmann Mercantile leave its mark on you today.
<p> How adorable are these? These handmade waxed canvas bags stand upright and are fixed with an oil-tanned leather strap and brass buckle. All materials are locally sourced and hardware is attached with rivets. The bags are made in Asheville, North Carolina.
<p> The bags are made of high quality materials and built to last. They are certainly a conversation piece! I love that they come in a variety of different colors to suit anyone's taste. Can't you just imagine packing your lunch in this beauty? Don't forget to include an apple or carrot sticks!
<h> Saturday, September 7, 2013
<p> Cooler weather will be here very shortly, I'm sorry to say. I took my dog out this morning and it was 47 degrees! I'm not a big fan of the cold, but I do enjoy boots, jackets and scarves, and fall fashion. I'm a big fan of hot tea and gingerbread or pumpkin flavored treats. There are many pro's and con's to cooler weather. I always like to start out each season with some new clothes. There's nothing like new items in your closet to make you smile.
<p> Goode Rider offers fashionable English equestrian apparel for women, men, and girls. Even though I'm not going to ride a horse in the near future, I can still appreciate fantastic fashion. The clothing offered at Goode Rider comes in a variety of diverse styles and colors. How about checking out the breeches and vests? If you're not looking for those, maybe a new jacket or sweater would be up your alley, among other choices? I can guarantee that you'll find something of interest when browsing the website.
<p> I was excited when given the opportunity to review an item from the site. Since Fall is approaching, I decided to use that as inspiration as to what to choose. I have a hall closet full of coats, but that doesn't stop me from wanting to have another! What can I say? I love a beautiful coat.
<p> I finally decided on the gorgeous Hunt Peacoat. I don't currently own anything like it and I knew I just had to wear it this winter!
<p> I'm so in love with this coat. It's a beautifully tailored mid-length wool/polyblend coat with removable hood. I wish it was cold enough to wear it right now!
<p> The coat is the perfect length on me. It's not too long, but not too short. The sleeves are a little long, but that's no problem since I can roll them up. I love how the model is wearing it with boots, which is exactly how I plan on wearing it. The darker colors are very representative of fall and winter. The coat is warm, so I know in the winter I will stay extra warm when wearing a scarf, gloves, and hat. The hood is cute and I don't plan on removing it.
<p> This is a well-constructed coat and I can tell it's made from quality materials. It fits well and I have no problem buttoning and unbuttoning the buttons. The pockets are deep and roomy. Since the jacket isn't so form fitting, I won't have any issues wearing a sweater underneath and having the jacket be too tight.
<p> I am very excited to own the coat and I can't wait to wear it when it starts getting cooler out. I'm already planning out outfits around it. I think this calls for buying a new pair of boots too!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received the complimentary jacket in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, September 4, 2013
<p> Music is a constant presence in my life. On my walk to work I listen to my iPod, my officemate plays Pandora all day long in our office, and whenever I'm home I have the radio on. Music makes me happy and there's just something comforting about singing along to your favorite songs constantly. Why not share your favorite tunes with friends and family? They'd like to listen too! Nude Audio will hook you up with the art of music sharing.
<p> Nude Audio knows that music is meant to be felt, embraced, and embodied. That's why they designed a pocket friendly portable speaker that invites you to share. Their speakers are designed with a minimal approach and a stellar sound. They take great care in producing a product with great looking audio and a sound to match. Wherever you go and whoever you're with, you'll now be able to share the sound of music with them.
<p> Don't let the small size fool you, the Move S-Wired delivers big sound for its stature. It's compact enough to fit in your pocket, a purse, or even a suitcase for travel too. The integrated 3.5mm cable connects the speaker to any smartphone or tablet. The battery life lasts up to 8 hours after a full charge. It's available in either charcoal/coral or grey/mint.
<p> I can think of many places to use the speaker and I'm sure you can too. How about at the beach or pool with friends? Maybe you want your family to hear your new favorite song that's on your iPod? Wherever you bring the Move S-Wired to, you can guarantee it will bring people together. That's the power of music.
<h> Tuesday, September 3, 2013
<p> I'm the kind of person who doesn't care to wear regular clothes when I'm home. I'm much more comfortable in sweatpants and a t-shirt. The second I arrive home I like to change into pajamas, unless I'm going somewhere else soon after. Life is so short, why be uncomfortable when you don't have to be?
<p> Jessie Steele is the most fun website I've ever been to in my entire life! If you're a fan of vintage, retro inspired pieces and items (which are right up my alley), then this site has your name written all over it! Jessie Steele specializes in pajamas, housewares, accessories, aprons, and gifts. The aprons look straight out of 1950 and are just too cool! Whether you're interested in a polka dot print, cherries, cupcakes, or even houndstooth, there is an apron print that is for you and many other styles. How about a pair of floral or gingham pajamas to keep you warm this winter? You also can't forget to give your phone a makeover with a new damask or bow print phone case either! I could browse the site for hours, that's how much I love it. My wallet cried at the thought of it being used for purchases. Anything from Jessie Steele would make a perfect gift for any occasion for the lady in your life.
<p> I honestly can't tell you how long I've been a fan of polka dots. I do know that it's many years though. There's just something addicting about a white background with those huge black circles. When I had the opportunity to review an item, I instantly gravitated towards the pajama section of the site. Cooler weather is approaching and it's always nice to have a new pair of jammies for the season.
<p> How cute is this nightshirt? It makes me want to watch Some Like It Hot and then go out for a milkshake at the local soda shop afterwards.
<p> This nightshirt features a flattering feminine fit, ruffled bottom, and is made of lightweight cotton. It even comes with a matching headband! How cute is that? I received the pajamas today and wish it was cool enough to wear them. I don't think I have to wait that much longer, cooler weather is just around the corner!
<p> I'm only 5'0, so clothing that is a normal length on tall people is sometimes very long on me. Luckily, I didn't have that problem with this nightshirt. The black polka dots are very bold and bright. The nightshirt is very comfortable and fits well. The cut is perfect and hits right above my knee. Since it's a lightweight cotton it won't be too hot at night either which is nice. I love the fun little ruffle on the bottom, it adds an extra bit of pizzazz. The pink buttons add a pop of color which I like. I'm very happy with the nightshirt and can't wait to wear it.
<p> If you're looking for a unique gift for the person who has it all, start typing Jessie Steele's website address into your search bar. Don't blame me for a huge credit card bill though!
