<h> Tuesday, June 3, 2014
<p> While it's important to spend time with your family and enjoy family-friendly television and movies, it's equally as essential to have time to yourself too. I know that may seem like a real challenge if you have small children, but getting even half an hour to recharge and relax per day truly helps. Sitting back and catching up on your favorite show will make you a happier person. Try to find some free time today, you'll surely appreciate it.
<p> Netflix is switching gears for June and making this month's StreamTeam topic all about mom. I know you might be used to reading about children's movies and television shows, but it's time to make it a little about mom too! Parenting may be a 247/7 job, but taking time for yourself helps keep you strong for your family. Your favorite shows may on hold for the summer, but Netflix has a great variety of titles to help get you through the hazy days of summer.
<p> While I am not a mom currently, my first child is due in December. I know that my early parenting days will be spent taking care of the baby and I will most likely not have too much free time. The beauty of Netflix is that the shows will be there until you're ready to watch them. You don't have to worry about trying to watch them the first time they are on TV, or even DVR'ing them (which eventually erases anyway!) You can even pick up from where you left off no matter if that's 3 minutes ago or 3 days ago. Netflix is like a friend who's always there for you.
<p> Netflix has compiled a list of must-see shows this summer that you simply can't ignore. How about this list which offers titles that you've heard of, but might not have had time to watch.
<p> 1. Orange is The New Black
<p> 2. Scandal
<p> 3. Pretty Little Liars
<p> 4. Sherlock
<p> 5. Breaking Bad
<p> 6. Parenthood
<p> I'm such a fan of Orange is The New Black and cannot wait for Season 2 on June 6th!
<p> If you're looking for some sleeper hits that you might have missed, Netflix wants you to give them a second chance!
<p> 1. Weeds
<p> 2. Call the Midwife
<p> 3. Freaks and Geeks
<p> 4. Shameless
<p> 5. Top of The Lake
<p> I can't believe Weeds is almost 10 years old! It's one of my all-time favorite shows, and I've seen every season. What an incredible show that was. I wish it was still on the air.
<p> Both of these lists offer fabulous titles guaranteed to make your "me-time" that much more entertaining. What are you waiting for? Have dad watch the kids for a short time while you enjoy some popcorn and a glass of wine. You deserve it.
<h> Monday, June 2, 2014
<p> Everyone who's a regular reader of my blog knows about my furry baby Carolyn. I routinely post pictures and information about her. She is the light of my life and I love to make her happy. It doesn't take much to please her at all. A treat or a toy makes her tail wag like crazy and her love for me grow. Carolyn absolutely loves toys and her favorites types are of the furry, squeaky variety. Her toy box is currently overflowing but it's very hard for me to resist buying her a new one on a regular basis. Every dog deserves to be happy, go ahead and make yours happy today and you'll get many licks in return.
<p> Doggie Vogue is heaven on the internet for any dog. Tell your dog to sit back while you shop online for them. All they have to do is wait for you to open the UPS boxes that are delivered to your door! The shop offers dog clothes, carriers, beds, collars, toys, accessories, and even jewelry! Anything you need for your pup, you can guarantee that Doggie Vogue has. The clothes, accessories, and toys are just simply adorable and there are many colors, styles, and patterns of each product available. Any item from Doggie Vogue makes the perfect present for your own dog, and is also a great choice if you'd like to spoil someone else's dog too.
<p> I knew that I had to review something from the site since everything was too cute to pass up. I let Lynnie choose what new toy she wanted, especially since it would be for her. She ended up picking the Barkingdales credit card dog toy. I thought this was a smart pick especially since she couldn't run up a high credit card bill with it!
<p> This toy is certainly for the elite dog clientele. Your dog will feel like a million bucks when she gets her paws on this credit card. Please remind her that she can't actually charge anything on it though. :)
<p> Lynnie absolutely loves this toy. From the minute I gave it to her, she immediately grabbed it out of my hands and started furiously squeaking it and wagging her tail. The toy is so adorable and I love how it looks like a real credit card, complete with name and account number! It is soft and has a loud squeaker, I don't think she could want anymore out of a toy.
<p> Here's an action shot of Lynnie playing. You can never get a good picture when she's playing with her toys. I've been routinely asking her where her credit card is and what she will buy today. She always looks at me with her big eyes and wags her tail. I think she might be indecisive about what to buy, so I better watch out for that! She's really been enjoying this toy and instantly goes for it whenever she plays.
<p> If you're looking for a place that will let you pamper your pooch to the fullest, Doggie Vogue is waiting for your order.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Lynnie received a complimentary toy in exchange for this review. All thoughts are her/my own.
<h> Saturday, May 31, 2014
<p> When you have a baby, it's extremely important to provide them with the best of everything. It's essential to make sure their bottles are beneficial to them, along with letting them play with toys to help their growth and development. Make sure you choose the brands that will help your baby be the best they can be.
<p> Philips Avent is a leader in parenting and baby products. The product line-up includes breastfeeding, bottle feeding, toddler feeding, baby monitors, and newborn gifts. When I think of bottles, one of the first brands that comes to mind is Philips Avent. If you know anyone who's having a baby, any Philips Avent product makes a wonderful baby shower gift, as well as a new baby gift. Every baby needs bottles and pacifiers. The products are made well and built to last. I'm expecting my first child in December and will be surely using many of their products with my baby.
<p> If you plan on bottle feeding, I'd like to recommend the Philips Avent natural bottle. This is the most natural way to bottle feed and provides babies with the best start in life.
<p> With a design inspired by nature, this bottles allows infants to feed as close to breast as possible, making it easier to combine bottle and breastfeeding.
<p> I know I plan on bottle feeding, so this would definitely be a bottle I would be using. The wide "breast-like" shape makes it easy to latch on, and the unique comfort petals inside nipple increase softness and flexibility without collapse. A wonderful feature about the bottle is that its advanced anti-colic system with innovative twin valve allows air into the bottle-not baby's tummy. The bottle is available in glass, as well as polypropylene, a BPA free material. If style is important to you, the bottle is featured in pink, blue and clear, as well as elephant, monkey, and flower designs.
<p> Another baby essential that all newborns need are pacifiers. The Philips Avent free flow pacifier is a wonderful choice for the natural development of baby's palate, teeth, and gums.
<p> This pacifier features orthodontic, collapsible, and symmetrical nipples that respect baby's growth and development. As with all Philips pacifiers, the free flow pacifier is made of silicone and is taste and odor-free.
<p> If you're looking for a pacifier that truly takes into account all areas to make baby comfortable, this is surely the one for you. The six holes in the curved pacifier shield minimize skin irritation. The flat, drop-shaped nipple respects the shape of baby's palate, even when the pacifier is positioned upside down in the mouth. It's durable and long-lasting, and guaranteed to not become misshapen or discolored over time. It is sterilizer and dishwasher safe too for convenience. For babies 0-6 months, the pacifier is offered in green/purple and yellow/blue designs, while 6-18 month old babies have a choice of pink/orange or blue/green designs.
<p> If you want to make the best possible choice for your baby's earth growth and development, Philips Avent will be there for you every step of the way.
<h> Thursday, May 29, 2014
<p> My favorite part about laundry is when it's in either the washing machine or the dryer. Of course I love this stage of laundry because I don't have to fold the clothes yet. I do enjoy when the clothes come out of the dryer looking and smelling fabulous. Nobody likes folding laundry but delicious smelling laundry makes the folding process that much easier. I believe that great laundry starts with quality products.
<p> Bounce allows you to enjoy fresh and soft laundry each and every time with their fabric care products. The product line-up includes dryer sheets, dryer bars, lint and freshness rollers, ironing spray, and 15 minute dry cleaner. Growing up my mom always used Bounce dryer sheets on our laundry. I remember the fantastic scent that permeated the laundry basket when she used to bring in our folded clothes. The fresh scent stayed with the clothes even when you wore them. Now that I've been on my own for many years, I routinely buy Bounce. Their quality product and results keep my clothes smelling wonderful and leaving me a satisfied consumer.
<p> Recently, Bounce has introduced a new product in their laundry family, Bounce Bursts. I was able to try this new product along with classic Bounce dryer sheets.
<p> Bounce Bursts are very easy to use. When you're ready to do laundry, simply shake a few bursts into the washing machine. Once you close the lid, the party really starts! After the party is over, you're left with the freshest smelling clothes in history. I used Bounce Bursts for the first time last night. I am familiar with in-wash scent boosters and have previously used them. I was very interested to try Bounce's since the products always provide superb results. The packaging is very festive and really catches your eye. The bursts are even orange which is Bounce's signature color. Once I took my clothes out of the washing machine, I could instantly smell the freshness. My heart melted and B's formed where my iris's used to be. My washing machine was very happy too.
<p> For the ultimate in freshness, I transferred my clothes into the dryer and threw in a Bounce dryer sheet to really up the scent factor. What I love about the dryer sheet box is that you can smell them through the box, that's how powerful they are! Once the clothes were done and dry, I took them out to fold them. That's when my whole world stopped. I had never smelled anything that fabulous before! The combination of the Bounce Bursts and the dryer sheet propelled me on a rocket ship right into Planet Laundry. I'm not sure I'll be coming back!
<p> I was so happy with how my clothes came out and extremely satisfied with the products. Both products now sit high and proud on the shelf above my washer and dryer. If you're looking to revolutionize laundry, I highly recommend Bounce.
<h> Wednesday, May 28, 2014
<p> Summer brings lots of opportunities for snacking. Lazy days at the beach, pool parties, and BBQ's are all invitations to indulge in yummy food and treats. When I think of summer foods, chips and dip are the first snack and appetizer I envision. If you're planning on having a BBQ or party this summer, why not spice it up and delight your guests taste buds with a fabulous new snack or two? They will certainly appreciate it.
<p> Heluva Good offer sour cream dips and cheese that are the perfect way to add flavor to any occasion. The product-line up includes dips in the flavors of french onion, buffalo wing, bodacious onion, white cheddar and bacon and many more. If you're more interested in serving cheese and crackers, the cheese flavors waiting to satisfy you are mild cheddar, parmesan, sharp cheddar, taco blend, and italian blend among many others. You also can't forget about the yogurt dips in tantalizing flavors including french onion, herb ranch, southwestern chipotle, and fire roasted vegetables. As you can see, there is quite a variety of Heluva Good products waiting to make your tummy happy. Make Heluva Good a main staple of your party food this summer to guarantee a fantastic get-together.
<p> One of Heluva Good's newest products is the limited edition roasted garlic and caramelized onion dip. You have to be quick if you want to get your hands on this dip! The dip uses only the freshest ingredients and spices and never any oils or water. It combines the rich, sweet flavors of roasted garlic and caramelized onion, blended with the creamy taste of sour cream to create a big bold taste that pleases.
<p> Go ahead and try me. One taste and you'll be in love.
<p> If you're thinking of what to serve with the dip, you'll want to think of something that doesn't contain a lot of flavor already. Leave the flavor to the dip. How about pretzels, pita bread, wheat crackers, or plain chips? All of these items would be ideal for enjoying a dip that will leave you wanting to lick the container clean! Be prepared for more eating than talking. Don't worry though, it's completely normal. :)
<h> Tuesday, May 27, 2014
<p> For the past 25 years, the only dad that I've celebrated on Father's Day was my own. This year, it will be a little bit different since my husband and I are having a baby. Not only will I be recognizing my own dad, but my husband too. Best Buy is the perfect place to make any dad or dad-to-be happy this year.
<p> Father's Day is approaching rapidly and will be here before you know it. Instead of getting dad the same old gift each year, why not spice it up this year? I can't think of a more ideal place to buy a gift than Best Buy. What dad wouldn't enjoy electronics, movies, and music? Not to mention their low-price guarantee and free shipping is an added plus. I absolutely love to give gifts and it's hard for me to wait till the actual day of to give the present. I always want to give it days before because I'm so excited.
<p> Since I'll be focusing more on my husband this year for Father's Day, I would categorize him as a Memory Maker. He loves anything that helps create long-lasting memories that we can look back on with fondness in the years to come. I would say that my husband is not a big tech guy and wouldn't be interested in the latest Blu-Ray player or smartphone.
<p> Preserve special moments with this Canon Powershot ELPH IS 16.0 MP digital camera which features 8x optical zoom and 4x digital zoom for high-quality capture of distant subjects. The built-in WiFi makes it simple to share your photos and videos.
<p> I think this would be a fabulous gift for Jay, especially with the baby coming. I know he and I both will want to take a lot of pictures to share with our family and friends. Memories are extremely important to Jay and I know he would really appreciate a new camera for Father's Day.
<p> If the dad in your life is also interested in memory making, please consider the following list of gifts that would make them happy.
<p> Nikon D5300 DSLR Camera with 18-55mm VR Lens.
<p> GoPro HERO3+ Black Edition Action Camcorder.
<p> GoPro Headstrap Mount
<p> Canon PowerShot ELPH 115 IS 16.0MP Digital Camera
<p> Samsung Galaxy 2 Camera
<p> Canon EOS 70D DSLR Camera with 18-135mm IS STM Lens.
<p> Canon VIXIA HF R50 8GB HD Flash Memory Camcorder
<p> Geneva 10 Camera Case
<p> Newport 30 Camera Case
<p> SanDisk 32GB Ultra Micro Memory Card
<p> Canon SELPHY Wireless Compact Photo Printer
<p> OlloClip Photo Lens for iPhone
<p> mophie space pack
<p> HTC One (M8) Amber Gold
<p> $50 iTunes Card
<p> As you can see, there's a variety of gifts just waiting to be purchased. Make Father's Day this year extra special by purchasing him the gift he's always wanted. Best Buy is waiting for you whether you visit in-store or online!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* The reviewer has been compensated in the form of a Best Buy Gift Card and/or received the product/service at a reduced price or for free.
<h> Monday, May 26, 2014
<p> One thing that I think is essential for a child is a playroom. Yes, most children's bedrooms contain toys, but a playroom is a space where they can really have fun. A basement or a loft area with a TV, games, toys, and coloring books and markers would delight a child of any age. If you have a playroom, it's a great way to contain lots of toys without making your house messy which is an added plus. Why not designate a room for your child to have fun and make lasting memories in today?
<p> Lipper International is a leading wholesaler of products designed to improve your home and lifestyle. From entertaining guests to organizing your kitchen, their products are recognized for their durability and beauty. The Lipper product line-up contains kitchen and food items, dining and entertaining, home office, home storage, and kids. If you've just moved into a new home any organizational products from the kitchen and food and home storage category would come in handy. What I like most about Lipper is that the products are so useful and provide great results. If you have kids, why not put a toy chest in their room to keep all of their favorite toys close at hand? Whatever you're looking for, Lipper is guaranteed to make you happy, and their products also make fantastic gifts.
<p> I just moved into my first home with my husband. We're expecting our first child in December, and we knew we wanted to turn our third level loft into a playroom. The loft is one big open space. I can imagine my child in a few years playing there with friends. It is essential for them to have fun in a creative outlet. When I stumbled upon Lipper International and found out they have a table and chair set along with a toy box, I just knew it had to go in my loft.
<p> Sit right down here and color a beautiful picture from a coloring book. Don't forget to use bright colors.
<p> My husband put the table and chair set together first. The box came with the instructions and hardware necessary to assemble everything. The instructions were very clear and easy to follow. I would say it took him about half an hour to have the whole set put together. The deep espresso is beautiful and looks very rich. The set is perfect for a playroom or child's bedroom, depending on your preference. The table and chairs are sturdy and built solidly and are made from a combination of beech, pine, and medium density-fibreboard. A great feature about this table is that it's round which eliminates sharp edges and corners for younger children. What I like most about the spacious table is that it has four built in cubbies to hold coloring books, markers, pencils, etc for art projects. Any built in storage always makes me happy!
<p> The toy chest was put together next and was done in practically no time. I love how deep it is and can hold a variety of toys and games with ease.
<p> What should we play with first? Maybe we should play a game?
<p> The toy chest is made from the same materials as the table and chairs set. This is wonderful because they match perfectly. The chest took a little less time than the table set to put together. I love how spacious the inside of the chest is and how much it holds. Your child can put toys, games, books, stuffed animals and anything they want inside the chest. The possibilities for fun are endless when stored in a bedroom or playroom. Parents everywhere will be happy to know that there are two holes in the back panel of the chest to allow air into chest should little ones decide to climb in.
<p> As you can see, the chest is very deep inside. Contain all of your child's toys in one chest and make your life less stressful.
<p> I'm very satisfied with the toy chest and the table and chairs set. I think they were built with care and dependability and will last for years to come. I'm very much looking forward to my child using the set and enjoying it. A table with coloring books and colored pencils and a toy chest filled with toys is what I imagine. Until this time, the set waits for them in my loft.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Lipper International for providing with me this complimentary set in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Saturday, May 24, 2014
<p> Let's face it, life can be hectic. We're constantly on the go and we work or go to school on a full-time basis. Don't forget all of the duties that come with raising kids and maintaining a home too. It can be difficult to always lead a healthy diet when you're busy. It's a lot easier to grab a quick high-calorie meal than it is to cook a healthy one from scratch. It's important to try to have as many nutrients and vitamins on a daily basis as possible.
<p> Nature's Moringa is the most powerful superfood. It is loaded with 90+ nutrients, antioxidants, vitamins, minerals, and all the essential amino acids. The product line up includes extracts, capsules, oils, teas, and more. If you're looking to make a difference in your life, it's time to get healthy. Nature's Moringa is there for you every step of the way. Why not start your day off with a cup of Moringa ginger super tea? A delicious cup of this ginger tea contains 100% pure moringa leaf exotic tea blend. This beverage can be enjoyed by both men and women alike and will provide you with many health benefits. This is one of the most nutrient rich plants loaded with everything your body needs on a daily basis.
<p> The bridge to better nutrition is through better nutrition. Nature's Moringa stands by this statement and wants you to lead as much of a healthy life as possible. The brand increases the natural defenses of the body, increases physical energy, mental and emotional balance, and gives a feeling of general wellness. There's no better feeling than the feeling of complete wellness. It's never too late to start leading a healthy life and put your old patterns behind you. All you have to do is open your heart and mind to Nature's Moringa today.
<h> Thursday, May 22, 2014
<p> One of my favorite parts about elementary school was art class. I loved being able to create artwork and projects that were full of life and personality. The whiteboard was also a child's dream. I remember my classmates enjoying doodling and drawing all over the board with the various colored markers. Wouldn't it be wonderful to have a whiteboard in your own home? Just think of all of the hours of family fun it would bring.
<p> Smart Wall Paint is a commercial grade paint that transforms smooth surfaces into write-on wipe-off whiteboard surfaces. The white or clear paint is easy to apply and the kits contain everything you need to do the job. The kits come in either a 21 sq ft or 65 sq ft, depending on the room you want to use it for. How cool would it be to transform a portion of your child's wall into a white board? Let their creativity flow as they draw to their hearts content. You'll never have to worry about them drawing on the walls again and not being able to remove the pen! The whiteboard wall would also be great for making to do-lists or leaving notes for your family too. Turn a boring wall into a one of a kind wall.
<p> Everything you need to be your own personal artist.
<p> The easy-to-follow kit will allow you to start writing and drawing in no time. It's time to stop writing on paper and make those walls come alive!
<h> Monday, May 19, 2014
<p> I'm not the kind of person who wears sneakers on a regular basis, except to workout with. I much prefer boots, flats, or sandals, depending on the season. For me to be interested in a new style of sneakers, it definitely takes a lot. The sneaker has to be comfortable and of course stylish too. Reebok's sneakers recently caught my eye and it was love at first sight.
<p> If you're into fitness, Reebok is the shoe brand for you. Their product line-up includes men, women, and children's sneakers, as well as athletic apparel. If you think Reebok only has one or two styles of shoes, you are wrong. There are shoes catered to every aspect of fitness including running, walking, yoga, training and more. Whatever kind of shoe you're looking for to be active with, Reebok is there to provide you with various styles and colors of the shoe of your workout dreams. If you are an extra creative individual and want to design your own shoe, that option now exists for you. How cool would it be to walk around town in a pair of shoes that nobody can buy in stores? You'll be your own walking artist! If you're looking for new exercise sneakers, Reebok is waiting for you.
<p> I recently fell head over heels with Reebok's new line of Skyscape sneakers. It was a match that I knew would be serious. The sneakers were everything I was looking for in a shoe. When I saw the pink fusion shoes, I knew I had to own them. What more could you want out of life than pink sneakers? Nothing, that's what.
<p> These sneakers are just fantastic! I received them recently and have been wearing them everywhere I go. If you know me, you know I don't wear sneakers anywhere besides the gym so I must truly love them. They are so lightweight and comfortable that I sometimes forget I'm wearing them. All the shoe weighs is 5.0 ounces! You can wear them to the gym, to the grocery store, or truly anywhere you please. I love how they look great with anything you wear too. The bright pink upper with the white bottom is a good contrast, rather than making the entire sneaker pink. The color is vivid and bold and just what I'm looking for in a shoe. A great feature of the shoe is that there is extra cushioning along the tongue and collar to prevent irritation to your foot. I sometimes have this problem, but I won't anymore!
<p> I've really been enjoying this shoe and look forward to wearing it for some time to come. If you're in the market for a new pair of shoes for your closet to accept, Reebok's Skyscape sneakers are the pick for you.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary pair of sneakers in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, May 14, 2014
<p> With summer on the horizon, most of us are ready to have some fun in the sun. With temps rising, BBQ's and spending the day at the beach are on our minds. Summer is my favorite season. Who doesn't love a season that is all about cute dresses and sandals? When warmer temps roll in, it's time to think about taking our swimsuits out of storage and getting ready to lay out at the pool. Make sure you have that summer body ready to show off. Nair is here to make sure you're looking fabulous from head to toe.
<p> Nair is the #1 hair removal brand and the only brand I trust for removing unwanted hair. The easy to use product is painless, quick and easy to use, and provides long lasting results. Nair's product line includes hair removing lotions, soothing wax kits, bikini cream, face cream, Nair for men, microwave waxes, and so much more. I've been using that trusty pink bottle of hair removing lotion on my legs for years. I love that all you have to do is apply it and wait a few minutes and your unwanted hair is gone. The fact that it's painless is also a huge plus because I have no pain tolerance! There is no reason to feel embarrassed this summer by unwanted hair. Introduce Nair into your life and you'll be smiling as bright as the sun.
<p> Hair-free and lovin' it.
<p> There have recently been a few new products added to the Nair family. The Ultimate Roll-On Wax is a wax that can be washed clean with soap and water instead of oil. Shower Power resists runoff while you shower, and Sprays Away allows a no-touch application. Nair is the only US at-home hair removal brand to bring Moroccan Oil to its products, which is full of vitamins and minerals.
<p> Let Nair be that new best friend that's always there for you. Anytime you need them, they'll just be in your bathroom cabinet waiting to make you feel comfortable and confident.
<p> Muay Thai is a full contact sport that originated in Thailand. Although this sport looks similar to karate and kickboxing, Muay Thai is original in many ways and in fact a lot of MMA borrow some elements of Muay Thai. With the growing popularity of Muay Thai around the world, a lot of Muay Thai gyms and camps became available for all those who are interested in this ancient martial art. And although almost all of them are advertising their gyms as gyms that practice traditional Muay Thai the truth is that most of these authentic Muay Thai camps can be found in the homeland of Muay Thai – Thailand.
<p> If you are looking for a good Muay Thai camp you should also find out more about the trainers working there. How many years are they working? Were they professional athletes before they started working as trainers? Were they part of some Muay Thai competitions? The fact is that learning Muay Thai is part of the educational system in Thailand and the trainers you will find there have dedicated their whole lives in mastering this discipline. On top of that you should find trainers that are able to work with different programs suitable for different types of students (recreationalists, athletes, semi-pros etc.).
<p> Find a camp that is not specialized in only one category of Muay Thai students. Serious camps have their doors opened for beginners as well as advanced students. You should also look for a camp in Thailand that has some experience working with foreigners. These camps can offer you more than training sessions. The staff can give you some advice about visiting local attractions and make your stay there more comfortable in general.
<p> Another good tip is to find a Muay Thai camp that is offering their services that are worth the money. Find some camp that has discounts or deals for certain packages and save your money.
<p> If you are looking for a Muay Thai camp in Thailand that meets all these criteria and has few more things to offer than join Suwit Muay Thai. This camp has some exceptional reviews from foreigners and locals that were part of their training sessions. With their professional staff and their professional trainers you can be sure that you will use the time spend in the camp to the maximum. Suwit Muay Thai has some great packages so make sure you book your stay there on time!
<h> Tuesday, May 13, 2014
<p> Do you remember when you were a child and you had to have a hall light or nightlight on to help you sleep? I slept with a nightlight for years and was not a fan of the dark. Many children hate bedtime because they fear the dark. When a child is comfortable and has a security item that makes them feel safe, everything is much easier. Why not introduce them to Juzt 4 Kidz today? You can guarantee that they will absolutely love the products and take to them right away.
<p> Juzt 4 Kidz offers light up pillows that play nursery music and lullabies. Each pillow has an animal theme and some even come with blankets too. How about a cow pillow with a cream colored blanket, or a bumble bee pillow that plays music? The multicolored LED lights will delight your child, and the soft furry animal will make them smile. The pillows are meant for children ages 0-6. Your child will love cuddle with the pillow at night as a bedtime buddy. The safe LED lights do not get hot. The soothing music automatically shuts off after 17 minutes, so you'll never have to worry about it playing all night. The cover is machine washable and will be ready for snuggles as soon as the dryer stops. A light up pillow makes a great baby gift or birthday present for an older child too.
<p> I'm having a baby in December and I wanted something special for my child that I couldn't buy in stores. I knew a light up pillow would be the perfect thing to put in their crib. The cow blanket was adorable and I knew that would be a great choice. The colored lights will catch baby's attention, and of course they will love the big cow.
<p> My cute and cuddly face along with the pretty lights will draw you in.
<p> The extremely soft fleece of the pillow is impressive. I didn't think it would be so thick. You cannot feel the lights through the pillow, so there's no way your child can damage them. It is obvious that great detail went into this pillow and it was built solidly. The attached blanket that the cows arm holds easily comes off and makes for a great nap blanket. A great benefit is that when the blanket is not in use, let the cow do his job again by holding it. You'll never have to worry about finding a place to put it. The lights are bright and vivid and change with the music. I think the little bumble bee details on the top of the pillow are very sweet.
<p> I'm hoping this will soothe my child at night and help them sleep. I really like that the music and lights turn off by themselves so I wouldn't have to come in and turn it off myself. The music is easy to hear and very clear. For older children, the pillow can act like a night light and help them feel safe and comfortable in the dark. Cuddly pillow animals are there to help protect you! Children will also enjoy relaxing with the pillow while watching TV or a movie.
<p> For now, this pillow will remain in the baby's room until he/she arrives in December to enjoy it. I highly recommend this product for parents of children who are uneasy in the dark, or who just love cuddly animals too!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, May 12, 2014
<p> I don't think I've formally announced it on my blog yet, but I'm having a baby! Lynnie is very excited to be a big sister.
<p> I am 10 weeks and 4 days. I went to the doctor today and everything looks great. The baby was moving its arms and legs a lot and the doctor said there was a party in my stomach!
<p> I am due December 4th. Hopefully we won't be in the middle of a snow storm when the baby is born or anything crazy like that.
<p> So far I haven't been craving too many things besides fruit. I love fruit and I tend to want a lot of strawberries and pineapple. No food/food smells bother me yet. Luckily, I'm able to eat anything. I haven't been sick at all but do get occasional random nausea.
