<h> Friday, March 15, 2013
<p> Since I've moved into my new building in September, I've been taking full advantage of the gym that's a few floors away from my apartment. I try to go 4 times a week. It's important to have good solid and supportive sneakers while working out. I've been needing a new pair recently and when I stumbled upon the Mizuno Wave Creations, I knew they would be perfect for me.
<p> Lady Foot Locker offers the latest in women's running shoes, athletic shoes and clothing from Nike, Adidas, ASICS, Reebok and many more brands. The shoes and workout clothes come in a variety of styles and colors for anyone's needs and taste. I've bought quite a few pairs of Adidas shoes from Lady Foot Locker over the years and they are fantastic shoes.
<p> I had never previously heard of Mizuno shoes but after seeing their fun and whimiscal patterns and colors I was instantly attracted to them. I was allowed to receive a pair of Mizuno Wave Creations and I was so excited! I couldn't wait until they arrived.
<p> The shipping was very fast and in no time I had these hue-alicious shoes on my feet! Check them out. How cool are they?
<p> This shoe has a lot going on. I love all of the different colors on each part of the shoe. They are very comfortable to wear and fit me like a glove! I ran on the treadmill wearing these the other day and my feet weren't in any pain at all. I really like the way they look on. Even if you aren't exercising, they are a great everyday sneaker too. The colors are bright and vivid and certainly stand out. This sneaker is far from boring.
<p> I look forward to exercising with these in the future. Check out Mizuno for any of your future sneaker needs!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Lady Foot Locker for providing me with these complimentary sneakers in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. ﻿
<h> Thursday, March 14, 2013
<p> I sometimes have horrible knots and tangles in my hair after I take a shower. It hurts to brush them out and that leaves my hair split and unhealthy at the ends. I've used deep conditioning and that helps, but I always feel that the rough brush bristles make it worse. Wouldn't it be nice to not dread brushing wet hair?
<p> The Wet Brush has become the #1 selling hair brush in the USA! Over the past few years it has developed a cult-like following. The brush has the unique ability to detangle all hair types and tetures far better than any brush or comb-without snags or damage to your hair! In addition to its detangling excellence, the soft flexible bristles are ideal for for wigs and extensions too. The brush is available in black, blue, pink, purple and yellow. The brush quickly and painlessly detangles even the thickest, most stubborn strands thanks to its revolutionary Intelli-flex bristles. When you try a Wet Brush, you'll never go back to your old one!
<p> I received a pink brush for review. I didn't have the opportunity to choose the color, but pink is my favorite color so I was happy to receive it. The brush is comfortable to hold and works wonders on my hair!
<p> I used the brush for the first time this morning after I took a shower. I ran it through my hair and was amazed at how it effortlessly tamed tangles, and without any pain too!! My regular brush can't do that job quite as well. Usually wet hair is harder to brush through, but the wet brush made it look like a breeze! The brush allows anyone to have beautiful, soft, healthy and tangle free locks which is a bonus in my book!
<p> The brush is also perfect on dry hair and detangles with ease too. It's really pleasant to be able to brush my hair without saying "oww!" If you haven't gotten your hands on a Wet Brush, I highly suggest you try one!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Wet Brush for providing me with this complimentary sample in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Tuesday, March 12, 2013
<p> I regularly flat iron my hair. I don't have curly hair but I like the way the iron smooths out any waves on the bottom of my hair not to mention decreases my frizz. Having straight hair is easily achievable thanks to this tool, but heat styling can be dangerous to your hair. Make sure you use heat protective sprays and serums that keep your hair looking fabulous, each time you straighten it!
<p> John Frieda is an English celebrity hairstylist and founder of hair salons and hair products. This is your go-to brand if you're looking to keep your hair beautiful at all times. The products include shampoos and conditioners, volumizing products and serums. Of course you can't forget curling irons, hair brushes, flat irons, and blow dryers too. Whatever you need to look your best, John Frieda provides it.
<p> If you have curly hair and desire pin straight hair, listen up! John Frieda has a revamped, premium flat iron that features generously sized 1 1/2 inch plates that allow for quick, easy straightening. This is possible due to an advanced ionic generator. In just 15 seconds the Satin Finish Flat Iron reaches a temperature of up to 455F, while its titanium coated plates protect hair from heat damage.
<h> Sunday, March 10, 2013
<p> It's been reported that Emerald is the hottest new color for 2013. This dazzling dark green shade is extremely appealing in any type of jewelry. Emerald looks perfect in a necklace, earrings, bracelet, or even a ring too. Why not wear your new Emerald ring out? I can guarantee you'll get some compliments!
<p> Obaz offers unique and inspiring product from all over the world. This is a fun marketplace where you can browse jewelry, housewares, clothing, shoes, gifts, and much more. It's like going to a bazaar that only sells fabulous things. Where should you start first? It's hard to decide! :) I had fun exploring all of their items for sale. I wanted quite a few things that I saw. When my credit card started crying, I knew I had to give it a break.
<p> I finally settled on the stunning Emerald Crystal Necklace, made by Adia Kibur. As soon as I laid my eyes on it, I knew I had to own it.
<p> This is a collar of alluring green crystals that shine with saturated colors and light reflecting rectangles. The necklace features a lobster-claw clasp. If you're looking to add a major piece of style to your jewelry box, this is the necklace for you. The picture actually doesn't do the necklace justice. In person the Emeralds are very sparkly and in the sunlight they sparkle even more! I like the combination of circles and rectangles together, it's a fun mix. I feel that this necklace looks best paired with black. I wore a black dress and the necklace yesterday and I received so many compliments. The deep black and gorgeous green mesh so well together. The gold inset also goes well with the green together too.
<p> I love the way the necklace looks on. It definitely takes up a lot of room and is large, but that's the kind of jewelry style I like. The bigger, the better! It is comfortable to wear on and is not heavy at all. I can't wait to pair more outfits around this necklace, I'll certainly be in fashion heaven then!
<p> This necklace would make a great gift for a friend or family member, or even yourself too. You can't go wrong with Emeralds!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received this complimentary necklace in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based off of anything else.
<h> Thursday, March 7, 2013
<p> If you're anything like me, you're a big fan of shopping, clothes, and accessories. I won't resist a good deal or those cute pair of shoes up on the shelf, either! I always enjoy adding new sunglasses or a pair of bangles to my wardrobe. With spring just around the corner, it's important to welcome the new season in style!
<p> L Duncan Apparel is a New Jersey based fashion accessory and apparel company. They offer affordable custom apparel for reasonable prices. Whether you're looking for t-shirt's, belts, handbags, or even sunglasses they have you covered and more. There is a wide range of styles and colors for anyone's liking. Why not check out the website and see what you like?
<p> Every now and then, I like to have a giveaway for the guys. I tend to focus a lot on women's products, but I can't forget the men! Since the weather is warming up slightly (keyword, slightly) I wanted to offer a chance for a lucky guy to win a new pair of awesome sunglasses.
<p> These aviator style sunglasses are the perfect stylish choice for any guy, especially if they are in need of a new pair. The glasses feature gold frames and brown tinted lenses. Why not surprise the main man in your life with these? He will surely love them!
<h> Wednesday, March 6, 2013
<p> Spring is approaching. It's time to wear a lighter jacket, spend more time outdoors, and of course anxiously await summer's arrival! In celebration of the warmer weather, I wanted to offer a fun giveaway for you all. Beauty junkies listen up!
<p> Power up your smile with an instantly white, dazzlingly, and award-winning solution that lasts for hours – perfect before a night on the town, a first date or a party! The dentist developed Luster NOW is infused with Bluverite™ technology that instantly makes teeth appear whiter with just one brushing. In addition to the instant whitening effect, the toothpaste uses Luster’s whitening power to gradually whiten smile over time.
<h> Monday, March 4, 2013
<p> Watches serve two purposes. They are there to alert you of the time, and they are also a fashionable piece of jewelry and style. Whether you like a simple gold watch or a large-faced in your face piece of bling, there are many styles of watches out there to suit your needs. Whatever watch you choose, make sure it gets you to places on time! :)
<p> Armitron offers various styles of men and women's watches. They offer digital watches as well as traditional watches. If you're looking for a birthday gift for your significant other, an Armitron watch would make a fantastic present. Whether you're searching for a silver watch with rhinestones on the face, or a gold watch with a blue face inside, they have you covered and have many other watches in between. I currently have one Armitron watch that I've had for a good 8 years now. The quality is fantastic and it still works extremely well.
<p> When I had the chance to review another Armitron watch, I was looking forward to the chance. I selected the beautiful Swarovski Crystal Accented Silver-Tone Bracelet Watch. I loved it as soon as I laid my brown eyes on it.
<p> The watch fits my wrist very well. I don't need any links taken out whatsoever. It fits comfortably on me and isn't too tight at all. The silver is shiny and gleams in the light. The face is the perfect size and the time is very easy to read. The minute and hour hands tick with no issues.
<p> What I love most about the watch is the crystals surrounding the face. They are even on the band of the watch too! The crystals are very pretty and add some extra pizazz and personality to the watch. You can wear this for day or night, it would look perfect in both settings. The watch is very feminine and any girl would love to receive it for a special occasion.
<p> I am really excited about my new watch. It's been a long time since I've had a new one and I'm certainly enjoying it. Does anyone need to know what time it is? :)
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Armitron for providing me with this complimentary watch in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Sunday, March 3, 2013
<p> Fair Trade is very important to me. I value equal opportunity for all and believe heavily that workers should be treated well and fairly with wages and breaks during work. The items that fair trade workers create are unique, beautiful and definite conversation starters. I have many pieces of Fair Trade jewelry that I regularly wear.
<p> Fair Trade Designs offers fabulous pieces that come from wholesalers who are either members of the Fair Trade Federation or who strictly adhere to fair trade policies. There are a variety of items offered on the website such as jewelry, purses, stationery, home accents and more. There is truly something for everyone's taste and style. I had a lot of fun browsing the website and looking at all of the beautiful hand crafted designs.
<p> For the review, I wanted to choose something fun and whimsical. I finally settled on the Mixed Brights Wooden Coasters. I needed a new set of coasters and the bright and fun pattern was right up my alley. In just a few days the coasters were in my mailbox! Talk about fast shipping.
<p> I just love these coasters! The pattern is fantastic, fun and funky. Of course this is just my style! The box that they came in is made from recycled paper covered in hand batiked cotton. There was a note that came with the coasters that explained how the fair trade workers were paid well and have health benefits and insurance. This is something that I feel strongly about and I was happy that this was included. These wooden coasters come in a set of 8 and are hand-painted and made in a small family workshop in the mountains of Bali. How cool is that? I love that I have a set of coasters that you can't just buy in any store!
<p> The coasters are made well and seem durable and thick. Each one is a different color which is nice, so each person can have the color of their choosing. The colors are bright and vivid. The coaster surface space is wide and holds a cup or glass easily.
<p> These fun circles are the perfect new addition to my kitchen and I can't wait to regularly use them for company. :)
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Fair Trade Designs for providing me with these complimentary coasters in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Wednesday, February 27, 2013
<p> What I love most about turkey is there are so many ways to prepare it. Turkey can be sliced into deli meat for a sandwich, cooked up ground style for tacos, or the star of Christmas dinner. My personal favorite is ground turkey meatballs in spaghetti. Let your creativity shine through and create a crowd-pleasing new dish that everyone will love!
<p> Top Chop Market offers turkey products from Bowman and Landes which is a turkey farm located just north of Dayton, Ohio. All of the turkeys are raised antibiotic free, veggie-fed and free range. The turkeys are all treated in an ethical and responsible way. Top Chop offers various turkey products including: whole turkeys, turkey breasts, cooked sausage, uncooked sausage, turkey burgers, and more!
<p> Not only is turkey lower in fat and calories than regular red meat, it's big on taste too. You know what sounds delicious? Sprinkling some turkey burgers with seasoned salt and garlic powder and grilling them indoors! Bust out that George Foreman grill and prepare to delight those taste buds!
<p> If you're looking to serve some delicious food to your family and try some new turkey items, Top Chop Market would be a fantastic choice. All of their products are big on flavor and sure to please.
<p> Here's a look at some of the terrific turkey items:
<p> Smoked Turkey Breast
<p> Turkey burgers
<p> All of the items are available to order online and they make the perfect gift for any meat lover.
<h> Tuesday, February 26, 2013
<p> Every lady loves jewelry. I've never seen any woman discriminate against earrings, bracelets, a ring, or even a necklace. They love each piece equally and always wear it proudly. Jewelry is a fantastic way to represent yourself. Whether you like chunky earrings, a simple silver bracelet, or a large and in charge cocktail ring, let your jewelry personality shine through.
<p> SweepStreet offers beautiful, brand name jewelry at highly discounted prices from brands such as Judith Ripka, David Yurman, Dolce &amp; Gabbana, Honora, Alex &amp; Ani and many more. The pieces are beautiful and come in many different styles and colors. Whether you need a new pair of earrings, a bracelet, or even a necklace, a piece from SweepStreet would look great in your jewelry box. The jewelry featured on the website is not closeout pieces or last season's designs, it's what's in stores right now! The jewelry is regularly updated so customers can always buy what is current.
<p> Here are a few of my favorite pieces:
<p> David Yurman's Blue Topaz Albion Ring
<p> Dolce &amp; Gabbana Gold Bangle Set
<p> Charriol Flamme Blanche Necklace
<p> I could browse the website for hours! I'm a big jewelry lover so all of the designs appeal to me. If you've had your eye on a certain designer piece that you can't justify spending big bucks for, SweepStreet would certainly make that jewelry dream more affordable!
<p> Have a friend or relative's birthday coming up? Or maybe it's your wife's birthday? They would certainly love anything you buy for them from SweepStreet! Why not treat yourself too?
<h> Sunday, February 24, 2013
<p> IHOP is where breakfast is king. I grew up going to this fabulous restaurant frequently. The delicious and fluffy pancakes are hearty and comforting. As soon as you step into any IHOP, it's like receiving a warm pancake hug. If you've never been to IHOP before, you need to get into your car and drive to one right now!
<p> IHOP, formerly known as The International House of Pancakes specializes in breakfast foods. The menu focuses on pancakes, french toast and omelets, but there is also a menu of lunch and dinner items too. I used to love to get chocolate chip pancakes when I was younger. Now they have amazing flavors like red velvet, banana caramel and cinnamon stuffed pancakes! The french toast also comes in different mouth-watering flavors. The menu always has new items on it to delight your taste buds. Anything from IHOP is the perfect comfort food.
<p> Recently, IHOP has introduced three new breakfast Griddle Melts sandwiches to the menu. The delectable sandwiches are: spinach roasted peppers and cheese, Western, and a ham and egg melt. The sandwiches are served on grilled artisan bread and served with hash browns, French fries, or seasonal fruit.
<p> I was asked to review one of the new Griddle Melts sandwiches. I visited IHOP tonight actually! I chose the spinach, roasted peppers &amp; cheese sandwich. This sandwich consists of sauteed spinach in a fluffy egg omelet topped with roasted red peppers, onions, melted provolone, Parmesan and pepper jack cheeses on grilled artisan sourdough bread. I opted for no red peppers, onions or pepper jack cheese. I had fries as my side. I should have chose fruit though! ;)
<p> ﻿
<p> I chose this sandwich because I'm not a big fan of ham, and the egg and cheese seemed right up my alley. The egg was fluffy and full of nice flavor. The cheese was piled on generously and the warm spinach complimented the sandwich well. The bread was crispy and grilled to perfection. I enjoyed the sandwich, but the only things I wish were different were that the bread had less butter on top, there wasn't so much egg, and there was a little less cheese. The fries on the side were crispy and had great fluffy potato flavor. I was only able to eat half of the sandwich because it was dense and filling. The sandwich was made to order and everything tasted fresh, not frozen. My fiance happily finished the other half! :)
<p> Look at all of the fluffy egg and spinach!
<p> If you're looking for a fun twist on a traditional omelet, you should try a Griddle Melts sandwich.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to IHOP for providing me with gift cards in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> In the fall and winter, boots are what I live in. I wear my many different colors and styles of riding boots, and then at night I wear stiletto boots. Boots add a fun touch to whatever you're wearing and look great. Of course it can be costly to own many different pairs of boots. Whenever you want to give your boots a makeover, why not choose Hugrz?
<p> Hugrz boot wraps are the original boot covers. Wrap your favorite boots to match this year's hottest faux fur, fringe, animal print, and sweater boot styles. These boot covers come in three different collections: Aspen, Bennington, and Santa Fe. Each collection features a specific style of boot covers. My favorite collection is the Bennington collection. The sweater boot covers in this collection define winter in my opinion, not to mention they come in different colors and patterns. The boot covers are soft and made from a cotton-blend yarn. They are made well and fit over any type of boots, whether they have a zipper or not, or are tall or short. If you're looking to add some style and personality to your boots, introduce them to Hugrz. I can guarantee it will be a match made in heaven.
<p> When I was offered the chance to review a pair of Hugrz, I was excited at the opportunity. I pondered which boots I'd like to transform and give a brand new look to. After I selected the lucky candidates, I browsed the Hugrz website to choose which boot covers I wanted. I finally settled on the beautiful Toggle Black Fair Isle.
<p> As soon as I saw this pattern, I fell in love with it. It reminded me of a comfy sweater that you lounge around in at home during the freezing months of the year. I've always loved Fair Isle patterns and this pattern features a wonderful black background with beautiful knitted detail. The knitting work is top-notch and the colors are bright and vivid. I also love the toggle button on the side.
<p> The shipping was exceptionally speedy and in no time the boot covers were sitting in my mailbox. Instructions were included in the packaging. I read them and they seemed pretty straight-forward. The key to making these boot covers work is that you should put them on your leg to begin with. Then put your boots on and roll the covers down over the top of the boot. Depending on the length of your boots, you can roll the cover under so it fits well. The Hugrz are quality made and built to last.
<p> I used these on a short pair of black Emu boots. I had no problem putting them on and they were snug and secure once on the boot. I folded the cover underneath a little bit as the boots are short and I had extra material. I took a picture of my boots but I feel the stock photo provides you a much better picture.
<p> Don't these look like an expensive pair of trendy boots? That's what I love about these covers, they instantly transform everyday boots into a fun and fashionable look! The cover gives you an extra layer of warmth over your boots, which is an added bonus. I've had several people ask me where I bought my boots from and they were surprised to learn that they were only boot covers. I of course gave all of the credit to Hugrz!
<p> I'll be putting these on several other pairs of boots in the near future. Hugrz makes a great gift for any woman out there. Buy her a few pairs so she can interchange them on her boots. Why not spoil yourself with a pair too?
<h> Saturday, February 23, 2013
<p> I generally try to drink only water since it's the healthiest beverage for you. Sometimes I will add flavor packets to it for a boost of flavor. I have the occasional craving for a soda or a glass of juice too. I try to make sure that my juice choice is both low in calories and sugar. Of course if it's all natural with no additives that's even better too. Cheribundi knows how to get their drink on, naturally of course.
<p> Cheribundi deems themselves "the cherry people." They produce cherry juice that is made from orchard-fresh, tart cherries. There are no artifical ingredients or additives, only ingredients you can actually pronounce and know what they are. Tart cherries contain phytonutrients and anthocyanins. A bottle of Cheribundi contains between 5 and 25% actual juice. There are also between 5 and 20 cherries per bottle. The cherries are fresh pressed and not from concentrate. A great plus of this drink is that it's gluten free too. The flavors range from tart cherry raspberry and tart cherry cranberry to tart cherry lemonade, to a few others. If you're looking for a refreshing beverage that will make your taste buds sing, pick up a bottle of Cheribundi immediately.
<p> When I drink juice, I want to make sure I'm not drinking a bunch of unnatural chemicals and additives that do my body harm. I like to make sure what I'm consuming is natural and fresh. With Cheribundi, I don't have to worry about that. I always like to try new juices on occasion. When I received the opportunity to try Cheribundi, I was intrigued at all of the different cherry flavors offered.
<p> Soon after, the Fed Ex man graced me with his presence and handed me a box full of cherry goodness. Inside there were many bottles of juice just waiting to be sampled.
<p> I received tart cherry rooibos refresh tea, tart cherry cranberry refresh, tart cherry jasmine tea refresh, tart cherry pomegranate refresh, tart cherry lemonade refresh, and tart cherry black tea refresh. Each one looked so delicious and full of yummy fruit flavor, I couldn't decide which one to try first! I settled on the tart cherry pomegranate. The combination of cherry and pomegranate sounded like heaven on earth. The fact that the drink was hanging out and getting nice and cold in the fridge wasn't bad either.
<p> The labels on the bottle are simple and clean, just like the cherry juice they are marketing. The label contains a large detailed picture of the fruit associated with the flavor. The lettering is clear, large and catches your attention when you look at the bottle. Each cap is either green or clear depending on the flavor.
<p> I took a sip of the drink and my both of my iris's turned into a cherry and a pomegranate. It was fantastic! I was expecting it to be very sweet and I would need to dilute it, but it wasn't overly sugary sweet at all. It was light and subtle. The icy cold beverage mixed with the tart cherries and sweet pomegranate was out of this world! I could equally taste the flavors of each fruit equally, but they both complimented each other so well. This bottle of juice contains 25% juice and 20 cherries in the entire bottle which is fantastic. The flavor is truly delicious and I had to stop myself from drinking the whole bottle in two seconds. Packing this in a child's backpack for school or taking it to have at work would be a great decision. Why not enjoy this beverage any time of the day though?
<p> Next, I tried the tart cherry rooibos tea. The flavor was similar to iced tea, which is the only way I can describe it. The flavor was slightly lighter than the previous beverage I described. It wasn't as sweet. I wish it had just a slightly more amount of sweetness to it. This drink would go great with whatever you're eating. The light flavor is not heavy and goes down smooth.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of the flavors I was sent. The bottles are presently all screaming my name from inside the fridge. They need to settle down! :)
<p> These drinks would be the perfect accompaniment to the hot summer sun, especially when they are icy cold.
<p> Now that spring is on the horizon, it's time to start thinking about buying some clothes for the new season. Break out of that winter rut and think about this season's colors, styles and patterns. It's essential that you step into spring looking your best!
<p> Shabby Apple offers stylish women's apparel and accessories. Maternity and swimwear are also available. If you're looking for that new spring top or dress, Shabby Apple is your pick! All of the clothes are so beautiful and they look straight out of a magazine. I definitely could see myself adding a few pieces to my closet. The clothes have a distinct personality and vintage-y style that I absolutely love. There are so many different styles and colors of the clothes, that you'll instantly find something you love. Don't forget to order those gorgeous earrings that will match your new top. Of course you need to purchase a new bag too. :)
<p> Here are just a few of my favorite pieces:
<p> What's great about all of SA's pieces is that they are instantly transformable from work to play. Versatile pieces make life so much easier. Everytime I go on the website, I have to hide my credit card! Impulse buys stare at you on every page. :)
<p> Don't forget that they are always adding new must-have pieces. What are some of your favorite Shabby Apple pieces? One winner will be answering that question pretty soon!
