<h> Wednesday, April 1, 2015
<p> I've always been a fan of vintage items for as long as I can remember. To me, there's nothing more fun than owning an item that hasn't been for sale in 30 or 40 years. My daughter has vintage toys from the 60's and 70's, and I have special mixing bowls and casserole dishes that are a good 30 years old in my kitchen. Owning items that have history and personality are important to me. Give your kitchen that vintage touch it's craving with an old school cookware or dish set.
<p> NeoFlam brings your kitchen to life with cast aluminum and stovetop cookware with Ecolon non-stick coating. Your food will come out perfectly each and everytime thanks to the wonderful Ecolon element. Neoflam also offers cutting boards and food storage for your other food prep needs in the kitchen. The company provides many different cookware styles depending on your needs. If you're in the market for a gift for that resident foodie in your life, keep Neoflam in mind.
<p> I spend a lot of time in the kitchen cooking for my husband and I. Cooking is something I really enjoy and I usually look forward to preparing meals every night. There's something very cathartic about creating a meal from beginning to end. When you're in the kitchen, it's essential that you're using quality and reliable cookware to cook your food with.
<p> When I found out about Neoflam's retro line, I knew that a piece from the line was something that my kitchen absolutely needed. This line offers a classic design for today's modern kitchen. With the retro line, you can choose from saucepans, frying pans, and stockpots offered in a fun vintage blue color.
<p> I was sent the Retro 3L stockpot, which I was absolutely very excited over. I've been needing a new stockpot and this one seemed perfect for my needs.
<p> When you use this stockpot, you'll instantly be transported back to 1955.
<p> This stockpot is too cool. The color is something you'd see out of the kitchen in I love Lucy. I made chili in it for dinner tonight and it turned out perfect and delicious. This product has thicker walls inside that allow food to not easily burn while keeping it hot longer. With other stockpots the recipe that I use for my chili burns a little on the inside of the pot, leaving a big mess. Thanks to the ecolon coating, this was not the case this time! The coating also reflects heat and infrared rays to ensure that flavor and nutrition is not lost during cooking.
<p> I had no issues carrying the pot from the stove to the table either. I was surprised at how lightweight it was, as most stockpots aren't. The silicone coated handles offer a non-slip and soft grip. As I mentioned before, the color is one of my favorite parts about this product. It's sort of a Robin's Egg blue and really appeals to me. There's also a nice glittery/sparkly element through the color. My kitchen is all white including appliances, so the pop of color adds a nice touch.
<p> Since the stockpot is 3 quarts, it allows you to create a volume of food that will easily feed your family. The pot is not too large and easily fits in my kitchen drawer that holds my other pots and pans. I'm extremely satisfied with it and can't wait to use it for future meals.
<p> There's so many things you can make in a stockpot including soups, stirfrys, and stews. It's time to get creative in the kitchen and whip up delicious recipes with your NeoFlam cookware. The only thing my kitchen is missing now is a matching saucepan!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to NeoFlam for providing me with complimentary product in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Tuesday, March 31, 2015
<p> If you're like me and love to take and share pictures, I have the perfect new app for you. Get that iPhone or Android ready and download PicsArt.
<p> PicsArt, the largest mobile community empowering creatives to make beautiful images has recently updated their company with new features. Users now have the ability to work with significantly higher resolution images, share GIF files, and save edited drafts of edited images on PicsArt.
<p> I'm constantly taking pictures of my daughter and certainly welcome the higher megapixels for a clearer image. When I want to share her pictures with my family and friends, I want the picture to be as crisp as possible. PicsArt now has 8 megapixels instead of 5, so those precious memories will stay vivid and lifelike when uploaded onto the app.
<p> If you're looking to share GIF's instead of your own personal pictures, you're in luck too. Users will be able to upload their favorite ones through the app directly from their camera roll, just like they would for a picture.
<p> Images edited and enhanced through the app can now be printed at 300dpi, which is the industry standard for submitting works for contest or professionally. It's time to submit that beautiful picture of a tulip that you took at a park last summer. Who knows, maybe you'll even win an award for it?
<p> Now is as good of a time as any to download PicsArt and get those creative juices flowing. There's more than 60 million monthly users, including a mix of casual and professional artists and photographers. Go ahead and let the newest member be you.
<h> Friday, March 27, 2015
<p> Play and creativity is such an important part of childhood. Of course every parent should teach their child as much as possible too. Some of my best memories growing up include playing dress-up with friends, or spending time outside with them. The best part about children is that they can create their own fun with few resources. Having an active imagination will always provide a child with nonstop entertainment.
<p> Imagination Generation is every child's dream come true. This company manufactures toys and blocks, playsets, ball pits, and so much more. There's truly something for every child's interest. The ballpit is the company's best selling item and it's easy to see why. Every child loves a ballpit, I know I did when I was a kid. Any toy or item from Imagination Generation would make the perfect birthday or Christmas present for a lucky boy or girl.
<p> Scarlett has recently started going to a special baby gym class at our local play gym. There's a ballpit there which she absolutely loves! Anytime I put her in it, she's all smiles and coos. I just love to see her so happy. Since we only have one class a week, she has to wait to have fun in the ballpit until Friday's. I didn't think it was an option to bring the ballpit to us, but Imagination Generation has made that possible!
<p> The ballpit recently came in the mail and included 200 brightly colored balls that have their own storage bag. What more could you want out of life than beautifully colored balls to play around in?
<p> Dogs love ballpits too!
<p> The ballpit arrived when my daughter was napping, so my dog Carolyn and I set it up in our playroom without her. There's virtually no installation at all. When you take the ballpit out of the bag, it instantly opens up like a large pop-up hamper. Simply unzip the balls from the storage bag and throw them inside the pit. In minutes, your vision will be taken over by pretty brightly colored balls!
<p> Lynnie was very excited to test out the pit for herself. She was a little hesitant at first to go in, but when I went inside she followed suit. She's a mom's girl and always wants to be where her mom is. You enter through the yellow flap that's in the front of the pit. The surface area of the pit is very large. It's large enough for I'd say 3 or 4 small children at once to be in there. The walls are all breathable mesh and the top is completely open, so you don't have to worry about anyone not being able to breathe well.
<p> Once Scarlett was up from her nap, the true fun began. Lynnie and I got in there with her and had so much fun! I put Scarlett on her tummy and she had fun looking at the balls, smiling, and cooing. Since she's only 15 weeks old, she can't play like a big kid can in the ballpit. Soon enough she will be able to though! I think she enjoyed all of the colors and the balls around her. The pit comes with 200 which might seem like a lot, but it's not if you have a larger child. 200 is okay for Scarlett right now since she's so young, but eventually I'll have to buy more since the provided balls don't even completely cover the pit floor.
<p> I can't even imagine how much fun Scarlett will have in here with her friends when she's a little bit older. I like that it's large enough that I can go inside and make sure she's safe. The balls are pliable and soft, so if your child likes to play rough and throw balls they won't hurt other children.
<p> The ballpit and balls have a storage case to put them in when not in use. I think I'll always have the ballpit open and set up in our playroom though. It seems like too much effort to constantly put the set away when I know Scarlett will be playing in there everyday. The ballpit is slightly large, but not large enough to take up a whole room. It certainly would be great to have for your child's next birthday party or sleepover though!
<p> If you're looking to bring some entertainment to your playroom and light up your child's face, Imagination Generation is waiting to send a ballpit your way!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Imagination Generation for providing me with complimentary product in order to facilitate this post. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<h> Thursday, March 26, 2015
<p> We all know that money doesn’t grow on trees, so taking care of your money is instrumentally important to the overall status of your finances. The truth is, however, that most of us are making mistakes with our money without even realizing it. Even those of us with the best of intentions for our financial picture are probably either doing something wrong or not doing something that could help to improve our finances. In this piece we will look at four common money mistakes that people make and how to fix them. If you find the information helpful, why not visit Discountrue's blog section for more?
<p> Not using coupons
<p> Coupons are free money. Period. Not using coupons is like throwing free money in the garbage – literally. Now, we aren’t talking about using coupons just because you find them and buying things that you would not otherwise purchase - that’s just plain wasteful. However, looking for and collecting coupons for items that you use regularly is a very wise money decision. Common items that everyone can use coupons for are hygiene and household products. These types of coupons that you can see in your Sunday paper and various coupon codes you can find at Discountrue should become a second nature to you whenever you buy anything.
<p> Going on auto-debit auto-pilot
<p> Technology is a wonderful thing. It makes our lives easier and helps to keep us on track with bill payments and more. However, setting up auto-debits for all of your accounts can lead to less awareness of your monthly expenditures. If your Starbucks card automatically reloads every time you drop below a certain threshold, you may not realize that you just reloaded your Starbucks card 5 times this month and may want to cut back on the latte runs, not to mention the caffeine. Try to use auto-debit features for bills that are set and do not change. Otherwise, set yourself up for paperless billing, but take care of the payment process yourself. The physical act of paying or reloading a card can help to keep you more aware of your cash flow, encouraging frugality and heading off billing errors.
<p> Not taking advantage of employee benefits
<p> Did you know that many employers will reimburse part or all of your monthly gym membership? What about help you pull out pre-tax dollars from your paycheck for medical or childcare costs? Many employers offer money-saving programs to their employees that go unused every year. Take time out to review with your HR department the types of benefits that you are eligible for and let no savings go to waste!
<p> Not saving
<p> This is by far the largest money mistake that people make. Not having a savings fund can be disastrous. You should be working towards having at least 3 months living expenses set aside at all times. That number can seem daunting to people just starting out, but if you don’t start saving, you’ll definitely never reach it. Start out by having a small portion of each paycheck immediately be directed to a savings account. Start with $25 a check if it’s all you can manage. You’ll adjust to accommodate the difference and then slowly increase the amount you’re saving. Doing this incrementally will make the redirected income less impactful on your day to day budget, but the savings will stack up!
<h> Wednesday, March 25, 2015
<p> Pets can bring so many benefits to your family, and especially to your children. I have seen some of these wonderful advantages with my own eyes. If you are thinking of introducing a new, furry member to your flock, here are just some of the compelling reasons why you should turn this thought into a reality.
<p> 1. Pets bring joy to the whole family
<p> Whatever kind of pet you choose, whether it’s a pony, dog, cat or rabbit, these creatures bring a special kind of enjoyment to their owners that you can’t get elsewhere. They are incredibly fun and funny and really help to relieve tension and stress within the family.
<p> Many people feel much less stressed when they are around their pets. The comfort and loyalty that these animals provide can make you feel happy and safe when you most need it. And remember that your children can get stressed too. Growing up can be challenging at times and your pet can often be that source of comfort that your child needs during difficult periods.
<p> When you own an active pet like a cat or dog, it invites you and your family to be active too. Whether it’s playing with your cat or walking your dog, owning a pet like this will lead to an increase in physical activity for everyone in your family. Many pets also encourage you and your children to spend more time outdoors. This is a really important habit to introduce your kids to when they are young, especially in this day in age where more and more hobbies and entertainment take place indoors.
<p> 4. Pets teach your children about looking after others
<p> From a young age, your child will learn that the welfare of your pet lies in the hands of your family. This will teach them valuable lessons in care and respect for animals and nature in general, and, of course, for other human beings.
<p> If you pet becomes pregnant, ill, or even dies, your child will gain a better understanding of life's ups and downs. This will help prepare them for events that may occur in their own lives. Our pets suffer a lot of the same illnesses as we humans do, such as osteoarthritis. In this case, do take your kids with you to vet appointments and show them how you give your pet its metacam medication. Through these experiences, they will learn more about health, illness, prevention and treatment.
<p> 6. Pets help your children to develop important skills
<p> Children often view their pets as close friends. They talk to them, play with them and look after them. This all helps them develop essential social, motor and emotional skills.
<p> I hope that these reasons have shown you how beneficial it can be to welcome a pet into your family. But before you adopt or buy a pet, make sure you pick the right kind for your family. I’m sure whatever choice you make, your family and your pet will have many fantastic and fulfilling experiences together!
<h> Tuesday, March 24, 2015
<p> It's been a very brutal winter here in the northeast. We've had temperatures that were below freezing that left you not wanting to leave your home. Now that it's finally Spring, it's warming up even though it's still chilly. If you have a new baby like me, you know that it's vital to protect them from the cold. The key is to keep them warm but also stylish at the same time. Jilly D Designs is the perfect answer to stylish winter wear.
<p> Jilly D Designs is a business that will soon be up and running. Owner Jill Davis creates adorable hat and bootie sets for both girl and boy babies. She began crocheting and knitting at 8 years old. Jill was the only granddaughter in her family who had an active interest in learning the craft. In the beginning she was creating only baby blankets, but then had an interest in expanding her talent. Jill started watching YouTube videos on how to crochet hats and booties. Since then she's been producing the sets in various colors and patterns.
<p> How does a pink flowered hat with white booties sound? Or if you have a boy, a blue hat with a crocheted baseball would be perfect for him. Whatever color scheme you decide, your child will look fabulous in a hat and bootie set from Jilly D Designs.
<p> Jill was kind enough to send Scarlett the most adorable hat and bootie set. Even though it's Spring, it's still in the 30's and 40's and she needs to stay warm when we go out. This set is quality made and the yarn is very thick and warm. Rest assured, baby will be snuggly and cozy when going for stroller rides. If you know someone who recently had a baby, or someone who is pregnant, a hat and booties set would make the perfect gift for them. Skip a pair of pajamas or a toy, this present will get lots more use.
<p> Tiny booties for a tiny cutie like Scarlett
<p> I just love the color combination of the red and white together! The colors pair so well together and this set is just beyond adorable. I love the pattern that Jill has created too, that takes some serious talent! I wish I was able to sew, let alone crochet. The booties fit Scarlett's tiny feet perfectly and stay on securely. Lately, I've been putting booties on her feet when we go out because socks are not staying on well. Whenever she wears socks outside, one always ends up falling off and then she has a cold foot! With booties, they are a lot more thick and stay on better. Scarlett has no problem moving her feet around in them, and she seems comfortable when they're on her feet.
<p> I am available for modeling shoots on Tuesdays and Fridays between 9:45 AM and 12:00 PM. Contact my agent.
<p> The small flower detail on the hat is perfect for Scarlett since she's a girly girl. She appreciates small fashionable touches like that. The hat is slightly big on her but not so large that she can't wear it. I think she looks absolutely adorable in it, and I know that her head will be protected from the elements when we go out too. She seems to like wearing it and doesn't fuss much when it's on! I think she secretly knows she looks cute.
<p> We're really enjoying this set and look forward to wearing it until the weather warms up more. Scarlett's feet are always cold so I think she'd enjoy wearing the booties at home. If you want to order a set for your baby or a friend's, feel free to contact Jill on Facebook.
<p> As a mommy, it’s important that you celebrate your child’s milestones. There is so much to consider when you are throwing the party, however. My little one is only young, but I still want to throw her an incredible party. Whether she remembers it or not is another thing! When it comes to throwing a party for your child, there are some simple things that you can do to make sure that it goes without a hitch.
<p> Let’s take a look at some fantastic ways that you can throw an amazing child’s birthday party.
<p> Get Organized
<p> One of the easiest ways to ensure that your party goes without a hitch is to get organized. With a child in tow, this can be easier said than done. But, think about where you are going to hold the party. Will it be at home? Or, would it be better to hire a community hall if you have a large number of guests? Compile a guest list of must-have people. Then, write another guest list of people that would like to be at your celebration. Include as many of your child’s friends as possible. Once you have done this, you will be able to determine if you can have the soiree at home or if you need to hire a venue. Of course, you must send out invitations too! Try to give people at least one months notice for the party.
<p> Food is an important aspect of any party. So, you need to consider what food you will put on. Healthy vegetables and fruits can be a good way to stop the kids bouncing off the walls. After all, sugary snacks can create hyper kids. If you want to go down the healthy route, look at brightly colored foods to keep the children engaged with their meal. Light snacks, finger sandwiches, and cupcakes are perfect for children’s parties. But, think about adult tastes too. You don’t want to put on bland food. Make sure that you cater for adults too. Don’t’ go overboard; some simple grown up sandwiches will be enough!
<p> Set Up Some Activities for the Kids
<p> Many parents make the oh-so fatal mistake of letting the kids run riot at parties. The easiest way to combat unruliness is to set out some activities. Outdoors arts and crafts are an excellent way to keep the kiddies happy and well-behaved. Magic sets from http://www.magicnevin.com/ are perfect too. What kid doesn’t love balloon modeling and party tricks? You can even put on a treasure hunt. Think about short, snappy activities that you can do in short bursts. After all, the younger the guests, the harder it will be to keep them engaged.
<p> Music Can Set the Scene
<p> Kids don’t come with a volume button, so if you want to keep the party civilized, it may be best to put some light background music on. The kids will love the party atmosphere and will be sure to take to the music. Nursery rhyme CDs are perfect for younger children. What’s more, it will ensure that there is a party spirit in the air too.
<h> Sunday, March 22, 2015
<p> I started babysitting at age 12, and it was relatively easy. The parents went out to dinner while I put a movie on for the kids and we sat around a big bowl of popcorn. When I moved to New York City for college, I became what was known as a "nanny." A nanny is a posh term for what really means, "you're the replacement mom for four hours a day, three days a week." When you're a nanny, you're responsible for helping with homework and shuttling the kids from one overpriced activity to the next. Of course in-between all of this you have to make sure the children are fed and bathed before the parents return home from work.
<p> Fast forward a few years later and my husband and I started talking about having children of our own. The thought of having a child was very exciting to me, and of course we discussed the obligatory firsts like which names we liked for a boy or a girl.
<p> I got pregnant in March 2014. Your life changes instantly as soon as you look at those two pink lines. No longer are you just a couple, but you'll soon be a family. You have to stop living for just you at this point. I immediately scheduled my first OB/GYN appointment and couldn't wait to see what they had to say.
<p> As the months went by, I loved seeing all of the changes that came with each trimester. My favorite part was seeing the baby on the ultrasound and hearing the heartbeat. Once we found out we were having a girl, I was over the moon with joy and excitement. Immediately, I started buying clothes for her and planning how I would decorate her nursery.
<p> Throughout my pregnancy, I read books and articles on child-rearing. I told myself, "I won't be the mom that co-sleeps with her daughter. My child will always sleep in her crib. My child will do this and not that, etc." In your head you create a plan for how you'll raise your child, but it's impossible to have it be set in stone.
<p> Once Scarlett was born in December 2014, everything changed. My husband and I now became an official family, and we couldn't have been happier. Eight pounds, four ounces of pure cuteness entered the world and I was in love! I had a C-Section and we stayed in the hospital for four days. Four days of help is all you receive before you are discharged and on your own. You can't call the help button anymore for the nurse at 3 AM when your child is screaming. The nurse doesn't come home with you to answer your endless list of questions, and she isn't there to assure you when you feel like you're not doing a great job. Once those 96 hours were up, it was time to go home.
<p> As cute as Scarlett was, she needed to eat every two hours around the clock. This was exhausting. My mom stayed with us for a month to help out. That first month was a blur of poopy diapers, 2 AM cries and screams, and endless bottles. You do the best you can that first month. Everything feels overwhelming and you aren't sure how you'll make it through.
<p> The days turn into weeks and the weeks into months, and now Scarlett is 14 weeks old. She is a smiley, thriving, happy baby who has a wonderful personality. I am extraordinarily lucky as I have the opportunity to stay at home with her. I'll be the first one to see her walk, talk, and smile. That's truly priceless to me. As hard as motherhood is, it's all worth it. I wouldn't trade any of it, even when your child is smiling at you after her 4 AM feed and all you want to do is to go back to sleep.
<p> My life is so different now. I traded dinners and shopping for bottles and diapers. No longer can I just pick up and go to a movie with a friend, or meet her for a quick cup of coffee. Everything has to be planned and calculated against Scarlett's sleep and feed schedule. That's okay though, because my new name is Mommy.
<p> Unlike most people, I truly enjoy cleaning my home. Transforming a dirty kitchen or bathroom into a sparkly clean paradise is something that makes me happy. There's nothing like seeing the vacuum marks on a carpet to indicate a job well done either. I believe that quality products and tools give you the stepping stones needed for an efficient clean.
<p> Dyson vacuums will make all of your vacuuming dreams come true. These machines are beautifully made and constructed to last, so you'll have years of clean carpets and floors. This is not just any ordinary vacuum, oh no. It doesn't ever lose suction and comes with many attachment tools to get not only your hardwood floors and carpets immaculately clean in no time, but baseboards and upholstery too. The product line includes upright, cordless, canisters and handheld vacuums, along with hand dryers, heaters, and fans too. You'll be amazed at what's sucked into the vacuum, especially when you thought your floors were clean. The vacuums comes in a range of different colors, depending on your preference. If you're in the market for a new vacuum why not look into getting a Dyson?
<p> I was fortunate enough to be sent a Dyson V6 Absolute Cordless Vacuum. Vacuuming is one of my favorite cleaning chores to do, and I especially like seeing all of the dirt sucked up in the canister when I'm done. It's beyond satisfying!
<p> When I saw the UPS driver arriving with my Dyson box, it was like the equivalent of Christmas morning for me. I couldn't wait to open the box and have my carpet meet the Dyson.
<p> Dirt, prepare to die.
<p> The vacuum comes equipped with two Dyson-engineered cleaner heads for a deeper clean. Rest assured, this vacuum will leave your floors cleaner than ever thanks to the soft roller cleaner head. This head removes large debris and fine dust simultaneously. Dyson's direct-drive cleaner head provides 75% more brush bar power than the Dyson V6. Who doesn't love the purple and grey color combination either?
<p> From the minute I used the V6 Absolute, I've been in absolute heaven! It's lightweight and easy to hold which is certainly a plus. I'm not a fan of bulky vacuums, but this one was very easy to set up. The downstairs of my home has hardwoods while the upstairs is fully carpeted. Dust, dirt, debris, and dog hair easily pile up on both surfaces of my floor. Since I have a new baby, I want to keep my home as clean and sanitary as possible. My old vacuum didn't do a great job of collecting the dirt and hair that collected on my baseboards. With the Dyson V6 Absolute, the baseboards are now a piece of cake to clean. The soft cleaner head sucks up the debris within seconds and leaves them looking fantastic.
<p> It's truly magical how the Dyson sucks up all dirt on my hardwoods with no problem. The vacuum is always hungry for more dirt and I'm happy to feed it whenever it wants. Since the design of the vacuum is so slim and modern, it easily fits underneath tight surfaces like couches and coffee tables.
<p> I was equally as impressed with the results on my hardwoods as I was with my carpeted areas too. It seems like the Dyson gets in-between carpet fiber with ease. The difference between vacuuming with my old vacuum versus the Dyson is mind-blowing. You think your house is clean, but think again! My carpets have never looked so good.
<p> A wonderful advantage of this machine is that it allows you to use it as a handheld vacuum too. Take advantage of this opportunity to vacuum curtains, blinds, ceiling fans, and any other high up areas. I was amazed at what was sucked off of my daughter's curtains in her room, they didn't even look dirty to me!
<p> I'm highly impressed with this Dyson and I can't get over what a fabulous job it does on my home. This sleek and modern tool is now a permanent member of the cleaning club in my house. It's small and compact enough to easily fit in a garage or closet for storage when not in use. If you don't have a Dyson in your casa, it's time to get one!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Dyson for providing me with a complimentary product in order to facilitate this post. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<h> Thursday, March 19, 2015
<p> Since Scarlett is still so young she's not actively playing with toys just yet. The toys that I've purchased in advance inspire creativity, and help with development, and fine motor skills. I won't just buy any toy, oh no. I want Scarlett to grow up playing with toys that are not only fun, but help educational too. When a child learns while having fun at the same time, it's definitely a win-win for all.
<p> B Toys is a leader in the design and manufacture of toys that are not only musical, creative, and educational. These toys offer the building blocks for proper development and socialization of your child. B Toys are colorful, well made, and provide hours of entertainment for your little one. Choose from barn play sets, puzzles, blocks, easels, musical toys, cars, and so much more. You'll have no problem finding the perfect toy to delight your child with. Why not put something from B toys in your child's Easter basket? The toys also make an ideal birthday present for a lucky birthday girl or boy. Go ahead and keep B Toys in mind for any future toy purchase you need to make.
<p> Scarlett was sent the adorable Baa Baa Barn Play Set and the Mat-A-Matics musical play mat. The play set is for ages 1+ and the musical mat is for ages 3+. Scarlett is only 3 months old right now, but soon enough she'll be a year old and can play with the barn. She's been playing with the music mat now, even though it's for ages 3 and up.
<p> Everyday Scarlett and I have been playing with the music mat. I've heard that music helps babies with brain development, and I'll do everything I can to help her properly develop. This soft, fold-away mat has musical notes that glow as you step in time to the music. There's endless opportunities for creativity as the mat allows you to create combinations of silly sounds, and you can also play your favorite nursery rhymes too.
<p> How Scarlett and I play with the mat is a little unique. I like to hold her up on each music note so that she's "standing.", and can hear the different music. She loves all of the silly sounds and they make her smile every time. When you know that your child is having fun and happy, that's priceless. The sound quality is sharp and clear and I love all of the different sound options available. The colors are bright and bold and certainly grab your attention. Your child will never get bored with this toy and will certainly get energy out when playing with it. It's also an excellent choice for indoor fun during the cold months of the year, or on a rainy day.
<p> Once my daughter is older, she'll have even more fun playing with the music mat and so will I! The mat is big enough to allow her to jump from note to note without running out of room.
<p> The Baa Baa Barn is the most adorable play set that I've ever seen. I am sometimes a kid at heart and had fun setting it up when it arrived for Scarlett. Honestly, I can't wait for her to be old enough to play with this toy because she'll have so much fun. It's rare that a toy will offer so many activities in one, which is why I was interested to review it.
<p> The sheep and pig are waiting to welcome you inside the barn
<p> There's adventure and excitement everywhere you look! This toy really allows a child's imagination to soar to new heights. Depending on which animal you place inside the barn door floor, there's a different song to welcome them. The swirl balls go down the silo and come out the sliding door. The windmill turns and there's surprises, lights, and music at every turn. The convenient handle allows for easy carrying anywhere. I can definitely see Scarlett taking this to her Grandma's later this year.
<p> This play set is durable and made well, no doubt. I can surely see Scarlett getting years of fun out of it, and I can't wait to play with it with her when she's older. I was even playing with it myself earlier when I was showing it to her! The colors of the adorable animals and set are bright and vivid and eye-catching. The interactive aspect of the toy is appealing to all young children and even adults like me!
<p> The only downside to this toy is that I wish it had a carrying case for the balls and animals. I think the pieces are small and I feel can easily be lost. It might be nice if B Toys included a small case or drawstring bag to keep everything together.
<p> I'm very impressed with the quality of B Toys and will definitely be purchasing others for Scarlett when she's older. Every household needs at least one toy from B Toys in it!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to B Toys for providing me with complimentary product in order to facilitate this post. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<h> Wednesday, March 18, 2015
<p> The average human sleeps 1/3rd of their life away. There's no reason to spend that portion of your life sleeping on an uncomfortable mattress or pillow. When you lay down at night, it's important to feel like you're snoozing on clouds. Incorporate a memory foam pillow into your life and you'll always have a smile on your face.
<p> NovosBed is your paradise for everything bed. Indulge in luxurious memory foam mattresses and pillows that will make your body happy. There are different types of mattresses depending on your needs and the way you sleep, but choose from gel, natural, or high density. I think gel would be the perfect pick. No bed is complete without a memory foam pillow, it's mandatory in life. If you're looking to have a restful and peaceful night sleep each and every night, it's essential you welcome Novosbed into your life.
<p> I had a memory foam pillow years ago but it somehow got lost in one of my many moves. There's nothing quite like these pillows, it's like winning the comfort lottery. When I had the chance to review another memory foam pillow, I of course jumped at the chance.
<p> Memory foam is life changing
<p> NovosBed sent me the Opus Memory Foam Pillow and my sleep has never been the same since. I used the pillow for the first time this afternoon while taking a nap. Oh, that nap was the most glorious nap of my life!
<p> The Opus pillow was created to provide exquisite support to the neck and head in any sleeping position. Whether you're a side, back, or stomach sleeper this pillow is perfect for any sleeper. These pillows will hold their shape for years and the highest quality memory foam in its class. This pillow will change how you sleep for the better.
<p> One of the first things I noticed about this pillow was how thick and dreamy it was. The memory foam was so deep and plushy that I couldn't get over it. I laid down on it and it was like laying on a cloud of cotton. I was so comfortable that I was able to fall asleep quickly and stay asleep, which is a problem for me. My sleep was so deep and restful that when I woke up I felt rejuvenated and refreshed. This isn't always something that I feel due to taking care of a 3 month old, so to say I was impressed was an understatement. In the future I'd like to upgrade my mattress to memory foam, that will be the ultimate in comfort. I'll surely be instantly transported to Planet Relaxation when laying down.
<p> I'm very much enjoying this pillow and I look forward to using it every night. If only it was possible to lay on it for the rest of my life without moving! If you don't have memory foam on your bed, it's time to upgrade. Not only will your sleep improve, but you'll feel more comfortable too and you can't put a price tag on that.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to NovosBed for the complimentary product in order to facilitate this post. All thoughts are strictly my own.
<h> Monday, March 16, 2015
<p> Snacks are my one weakness in life. I can easily control myself around fast foods, soda, and even bread or cheese. When it comes to snacking, I have no willpower. Granted I'm a lot better than I used to be, whenever I see a snack food my eyes light up and dollar signs from in my irises. Everyone should enjoy their favorite snacky treats from time to time. What's your favorite?
<p> Weaver Nut is a family-owned distributor of candy, chocolate, nuts, and bulk foods. They are truly your one stop shop for everything delicious. You can choose from nostalgic old-fashioned candies, a variety of treats with filling inside, and brightly colored candies for starters. How does chocolate covered pretzels or jelly beans sound? There's so many tasty treats offered by Weaver Nut that you won't know where to start first. Of course there's a dizzying array of nuts including raw, in the shell, roasted, or honey-roasted depending on your preference as well. Weaver Nut also offers snacks, dried fruit, and coffee, teas, and hot chocolate too. Keep them in mind for your Easter candy and for including in your child's Easter basket.
<p> I was sent three different selections of items that Weaver Nut carries. Trying new foods is something that I'm always interested in, so I was up for the challenge. I received gourmet filled gummy bears, honey roasted cinnamon almonds, and Easter yogurt pretzels.
<p> I love any gummy candy so I was instantly excited to try the gummy bears. The gummies come in three flavors: blueberry, cherry, and green apple. Each bear is covered with a fine sour sugar and their chewy exterior yields to a perfectly tart watermelon filling. These filled gummies surely provided an explosion of flavor in my mouth. The candy was perfectly chewy and offered just the right amount of sour to satisfy. Once you bit into the gummy, you were hit with a wave of watermelon filling which was instantly addictive. I couldn't stop popping these bears into my mouth, and I didn't want to either. I've never had a gummy before that was so fantastic, and I can't stop thinking about these. It's imperative that I order more soon.
<p> When I saw that I would be receiving the honey roasted cinnamon almonds, the flavor profile threw me off. Cinnamon is not a flavor that I think of when it comes to almonds. Honey roasted yes, cinnamon no. I wasn't sure if I would like them and I was reluctant to try them. In the end I didn't enjoy the taste of the almonds, but I'm sure others would like them.
<p> The Easter yogurt pretzels were a hit with my taste buds. I enjoyed the festive Easter pastel-colored sprinkles on the otherwise plain yogurt covered background. A great crunch was provided by the pretzel which was met by the sweet and creamy yogurt topping. These pretzels are perfection at its finest. Just a couple of these will curb that sweet treat craving which is wonderful. Yogurt and pretzels are a lot healthier than ice cream or a brownie, so feel free to indulge in moderation.
<p> If you're looking to sink your teeth into hundreds and hundreds of unique and appetizing goodies, Weaver Nut is your company. Go ahead and place an order with them today.
<h> Thursday, March 12, 2015
<p> Having a new baby can not only be scary, but challenging too. New babies need things beyond diapers and wipes, especially if there are health issues or concerns in the beginning. Make sure you give your child plenty of love, undivided attention, and making sure their sleep and play area is as safe as possible for them.
<p> Oz Distributors USA distributes the Lifenest which is a revolutionary baby mattress. This product was created by a pediatric doctor for hospitals and homes to help improve the safety and comfort of baby. When you provide baby's head with a comfortable soft surface that reduces pressure on the head like the Lifenest, it prevents baby's head from becoming flat. Not only does the Lifenest reduce pressure, it allows your baby to breathe freely through the netting in the center if they accidentally roll over. The breathable fitted sheets sold with the system also diminish the risk of re-breathing air, suffocation, and overheating.
<p> It's stressed that babies should sleep on their back from day one, but this can cause the back of their head to become flat. My daughter has a little bit of flatness to her head. We're always trying to have her off her back and to do tummy time as much as possible to help with it. I can't prevent the flatness from happening when she's sleeping though. Thanks to the Lifenest, mom's everywhere will have one less worry about their baby now and that's priceless.
<p> If you know someone who has a new baby or is expecting one, please tell them about the Lifenest. This product should be in everyone's home who has a new baby without question. Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles uses the product with premature babies and they've been really successful with it.
<h> Wednesday, March 11, 2015
<p> When I was a little girl, one of my favorite Disney movies was Cinderella. I'm dating myself here, but I had the Cinderella VHS tape along with figurine toys. My parents constantly put the movie on for me because it was all I wanted to watch. Now that I have a daughter, I look forward to showing her the Disney classics when she's old enough to appreciate them.
<p> In celebration of the retail collaboration with JCPenney and Disney's new live-action film Cinderella, which is in theaters March 13th, the department store has unveiled a new line for princesses everywhere. Delight your girl with sparkling tiaras, princess gowns, playsets, "glass" slippers, and more. These toys are the perfect way to complete the transformation from little girl to princess. All items were designed exclusively for JCPenney and are sold in the enchanting Disney shop inside the store. Go ahead and let your child make everyday magical and bring out their inner Cinderella.
<p> A great example of the toys offered in the line-up. The tea-set and dress-up set look like such fun.
<p> Scarlett was sent an overly generous package of Cinderella toys. I just love all of the toys and can't wait for her to play with them. Even though she's a little young, she'll be able to play with them before I know it.
<p> Every little girl loves to dress-up and I know she'll have a ball using the dress-up set. I can't wait to see how excited she'll be to dress up like a princess and play with the dolls! Of course Mom will play with her too.
<p> I hope Scarlett will enjoy the movie as much as I did. We'll be getting the original BluRay version of the film to show her for the first time when she's old enough. I can't wait to see her reaction! In the mean time, the toys will wait patiently in her toy box to be played with. It won't be too much longer till she'll have fun with them.
<p> Why not transform an ordinary day for your daughter into a magical one with Disney toys?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to JCPenney/Disney for providing me with complimentary product in order to facilitate this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Tuesday, March 10, 2015
<p> Easter will be here before you know it. Whether you'll be going on an Easter egg hunt with your child, dyeing Easter eggs, or munching on some yummy chocolate eggs, you're guaranteed to have a fun time. Does your family have special traditions for this holiday?
<p> While I don't personally celebrate Easter myself, plenty of people I know do. Those caramel or chocolate coconut eggs are extremely hard to resist. I think if someone were to ever see me pass up chocolate, they have my permission to have me committed.
<p> If you're on the lookout for Easter candy that is not only delicious but fun too, I have the perfect pick for you. Choco Treasure is the only legal chocolate egg with a toy surprise inside. They've recently unveiled an expanded collection to include a limited edition Hello Kitty and Penguins of Madagascar collection, along with their sports balls and original eggs. What could be better to your child than sinking their teeth into yummy chocolate while also playing with a fun toy?
<p> What will be your surprise inside? I'm just dying to know!
<p> These premium Swiss milk chocolate eggs are safe for all ages. All of the treasures are comprised of 15-18 different surprises including spinning tops, figurines, water squirters and more. Your child will be so excited to receive this two-in-one treat in their Easter Basket.
<p> Go ahead and make Easter a little more exciting this year, thanks to Choco Treasure.
<p> *DISCLOUSRE* I received complimentary product in order to facilitate this post. All thoughts are my own.
