<h> Saturday, October 13, 2012
<p> Ever since I've lived on my own I've cared a lot about furniture. Not to say I didn't care about it before, but it's different when you're buying your own. I know what styles and patterns I like and what I'm not too fond of. Three weeks ago I moved into a new apartment. It's a lot of fun to buy new furniture and pieces for it. I enjoy decorating and I love flipping through furniture catalogs to see which pieces catch my eye. I'm always on the lookout for new furniture and accent pieces to add to my home.
<p> EZBuy Furniture is the headquarters for any discount furniture you could possibly need. Whether you're looking for a new bedroom set, a pub table for your kitchen, a coffee table for your living room, or even a new entry table for your doorway, they have it all and much more. There must be thousands and thousands of pieces on the site. Some items come assembled, while others need assembly upon delivery. The prices are very affordable and the furniture is truly beautiful. I browsed for about 35 minutes on the site, just looking at everything. There were so many pieces that I wanted!
<p> Buying from EZBuy would be a great decision for some furniture for your first ever apartment, or a brand new house too. Why not start off your new life in style?
<p> I was sent the sleek and modern Heights Book Tower from the Holly &amp; Martin collection. I instantly loved it when I first laid eyes on it. I envisioned putting it in my bedroom and having all of my books close by for easy access. The unit was shipped very quickly. It did not take long to put together at all. I'm not handy in the slightest, so my boyfriend helped to put it together. The instructions were easy to follow, and in no time the unit went from a bunch of pieces to this:
<p> Isn't this the coolest bookshelf ever? The modern design of it is right up my alley. I love that it's a not a traditional bookshelf like everyone else has. The construction of it is very durable and reliable. The base and shelves are made very strongly to hold the weight of a lot of books. The powder coated silver finish is very attractive and it can be paired to compliment any decor. I wasn't exactly sure where to put this once it was assembled, but I think the space that I chose in my bedroom is a good fit for it. It doesn't take up a lot of room and would be a great storage choice for small apartments too.
<p> Since it's standing upright, you can easily see your books and grab the one you want. With a traditional bookshelf, you have to crane your head to read the titles and that can be annoying. I put candles and some decor items on some of the shelves to break up all of the books. I think it looks better that way. There are some shelves that have less books than others, but in time I will add more.
<p> You don't have to use the unit as just a bookshelf if you don't want to. It can be put next to the TV to hold DVD's or CD's. Why not put it in your bathroom to hold towels and linens? That would also be a smart choice. If you are looking for a new bookshelf for your home, I highly recommend this one.
<p> I'm very impressed with the quality of the bookshelf and I truly love it. I will certainly be ordering from EZBuy Furniture for any of my future furniture needs.
<h> Friday, October 12, 2012
<p> I try to eat as much yogurt on a weekly basis as I can. I go for the low calorie, low fat, and low sugar content yogurts. This creamy treat packs a lot of nutritional benefits like protein and probiotics, along with having a wonderful taste too. Just don't give me any yogurt with fruit on the bottom, I don't like those. Whatever yogurt flavor you choose, make sure it's high on your list of favorites.
<p> Muller comes in 16 flavors across 3 yogurt families, including Corner Yogurt, Greek Corner Yogurt, and FruitUp. The Corner Yogurt is a luscious mild Greek style yogurt with a side of compartment of fruit or nuts to mix in. The original Muller yogurt is a smooth and creamy yogurt with fruit or crunchy add in's. Muller's FrutUp is a cool, lowfat yogurt topped with a vibrant layer of fruit mousse. How about tempting your taste buds with such flavors as original with blueberries or Greek yogurt with caramelized almonds? Maybe plain yogurt with chocoballs is more up your alley? Of course you can't forget to try a luscious lemon FrutUp! There's a flavor for everyone to love.
<p> I was sent a variety of Muller yogurts for review. I actually forgot to take a picture of all of the products received before tasting them. Missing from this picture is an original yogurt with granola, and an original yogurt with blueberries. What I first noticed about the yogurts was the packaging. The bold and vibrant pictures of fruit and nuts on each container was really appealing. I love food photography, so this stood out to me.
<p> I browsed through the yogurts and decided which one I wanted to try first. I chose a plain yogurt with granola. I looked at the nutrition label and was shocked at what I saw. It had around 220 calories with a very high sugar content, around 24 or 25 grams of sugar. I don't normally eat yogurt with those statistics. To me, 220 calories is a lot, and I try to pick food with low sugar. I'm used to eating yogurt with 70 or 80 calories and a very low sugar content, around 6 or 7 grams. The package of yogurt contains one cup that's filled with yogurt, and a container of granola attached on the other side. I like that it comes with a satisfying mix-in. You simply lift the cup of granola up and pour it into the yogurt. How easy is that? My granola poured into the yogurt mess-free.
<p> The yogurt was smooth and creamy and it had a wonderful flavor. It was very sweet though. The granola was very fresh and added a nice crunch to the cool treat. I tried a few bites of the yogurt and saved it in the fridge for later.
<p> As you can see, the portion size is large. You receive a lot of granola and a satisfying amount of yogurt.
<p> Days later I tried the original yogurt with blueberries. This one was much more manageable, it had 140 calories. I had no problem finishing the whole thing. The blueberries were fresh and juicy and turned my yogurt a lovely shade of blue when mixed in. I had never mixed blueberries in with my yogurt before, and I enjoyed trying something new. I had the yogurt as a mid-day snack and it was extremely satisfying and filled me up instantly. I loved making a healthy choice for my snack too.
<p> Any Muller yogurt would make a great breakfast, side with lunch, or midday snack. You can even pack one in your child's lunch too.
<p> I look forward to sampling the other flavors of yogurt given. The FrutUp is next on my list!
<p> Muller Yogurt is available in the following cities ONLY, so keep that in mind when entering my contest.
<h> Thursday, October 11, 2012
<p> We are a society of people who love technology. We want the best and fanciest electronic gadgets for everyday use. An iPad to show pie charts and documents for our business meetings, the iPhone to use for FaceTime for conversing with overseas clients, and of course the Kindle for storing work PDF and Microsoft Word docs on. Luckily these companies exist to make these technological advancements possible. Zoogue is here to make your electronic devices stylish and professional.
<p> Zoogue offers beautiful cases for your favorite gadgets. If you're looking for a leather case for your Kindle, iPad, Galaxy Tablet, Motorola Xoom, or iPhone, they have you covered. Screen protectors and accessories are also available, among other items. The cases are genuine leather and impeccably made. They will house your favorite items and keep them fashionable and protected.
<p> The Zoogue Leather Case Genius Pro is a great model to choose if you're looking for a very functional case. It is adjustable to any angle with its innovative velcro design. The case provides access to all ports, cameras, and speakers. The adjustable straps allow you to hang an iPad just about anywhere. You can even securely hang it to the back of your headrest in the car, or use it as a secure hand strap.
<p> As you can see, you can adjust this iPad to virtually any angle. If you have to make a presentation at work, using this case would be essential to ensure that all individuals in the meeting can see the presentation. Taking a road trip in the near future with small children? No worries, fasten the iPad to the back of a headrest and let your children watch a movie or videos to keep them entertained. I sometimes read in bed on my iPad at night. It's annoying to have to hold the iPad up so I can see the text. Adjust the case to an angle that works best for you and now you don't have to hold the iPad up anymore and you can comfortably read. You'll be amazed at how this case will change your iPad experience for the better.
<h> Wednesday, October 10, 2012
<p> Let's face it ladies, bra straps are boring and plain. They come in solid colors like white, black, pink, etc. Not to mention it's hard to keep a strapless bra in place, and unattractive bra straps can potentially ruin an outfit. What are we to do? I know I've had bra straps peeking through my outfits at the most inconvenient times. Wouldn't it be more fun to make our favorite bra's a little more exciting? Strappys has come to our fashion aid to bring added personality to strapless bra's!
<p> Strappys is your strapless bra's new best friend. These interchangeable jewelry quality bra straps attach to strapless bras. Strappys are available in over 40 different styles. There is certainly a strap to match every personality and taste. How about rhinestones or pearls? Even lace, fabric, and beaded straps are available. These simple and beautiful adornments will keep a strapless bra in place with ease. Strappys also has a line of bra strap charms perfect for teenagers to make their own fashion statement!
<p> No longer will you have to worry about unwanted bra straps sticking out of your clothing, thanks to Strappys. Why not jazz up your little black dress for your office Christmas party with rhinestone straps? How fun! Or maybe you're a bridesmaid in your friends wedding and you want to wear beaded Strappys with your dress? It's also a relief to not have to concern yourself with your strapless bra sliding and falling down, since it will be supported by Strappys. :)
<p> Black rhinestone bra straps
<p> Gold beaded bra straps
<p> Faceted gems in silver bra straps
<p> As you can see, I've only showed you just a few styles that Strappys offers. I'm sure the three pictures instantly get your fashion brain inspired!﻿
<p> It's easy to transform a simple day look into a polished and stylish evening look with whatever strap your pair your outfit with. Have fun with Strappys and add an extra element of pizazz to your favorite dresses and tops.
<p> Strappys makes a perfect gift for practically anybody. Your best friend, your mom, and your cousin would love a pair of Strappys in a style that suits them best! A wonderful idea for a bridal party would be for everyone to wear matching Strappys with their dress. That would certainly make for a great picture!
<p> One lucky winner will win a pair of black and diamond bra straps from Strappys. Get ready to plan your outfit around them!
<p> Jewelry is an essential in my life. You can always catch me wearing my favorites, but sometimes I switch them out for pieces I haven't worn in a while. I treasure sentimental jewelry given to me by friends and family, and of course my boyfriend. There's nothing like someone special in your life presenting you with a gorgeous necklace or bracelet. Make sure you keep those items close to your heart.
<p> Pictures on Gold offers personalized jewelry, lockets, and photo lockets. Their pieces are quality made and created with care. Any item would make a wonderful gift for anybody. Why not give Grandma a silver locket with pictures of her grandchildren inside for her birthday? A necklace with your child's thumbprint in it would make a wonderful Christmas present for a mom. Your husband would also love a personalized watch with a special message from you engraved on it as an anniversary present.
<p> A locket is something that I've always wanted. It's known by all that a locket is a special piece of jewelry that contains important pictures inside. I love the fact that the pictures are hidden and only you know what's inside, unless you show someone.
<p> When I received the chance to review a sterling silver sweetheart photo heart locket, I was very excited. The locket holds two pictures and I also had an opportunity for an engravement on the back. I browsed my pictures online and finally came up with two pictures of my boyfriend and I that I wanted to use. I sent in the pictures and asked for my boyfriend and I's name and our anniversary date to be engraved on the back in script.
<p> The shipping was very fast and I received the locket within a few days of placing my order. When I opened the package, the first thing that I saw was a beautiful black velvet box with a pretty bow around it.
<p> I loved the presentation of the box. I've received jewelry previously that hasn't been packaged as nicely, so it was nice to see that the necklace was protected during shipping.
<p> Once I opened the box, I absolutely loved what I saw.
<p> Look how beautiful and big the heart locket is! The sterling silver was shiny and gleaming. It certainly brought a smile to my face. The locket has some weight to it and the silver chain is a perfect choice for the necklace. I love the way it looks on. It lays flats and I had no issues with the locket twisting or turning either. The clasp was easy to open and close when taking it on and off too. The necklace was not heavy on me at all. This necklace is really beautiful and something I will truly treasure.
<p> I had no trouble opening the locket and I was able to open it with ease. Inside, the two pictures of my boyfriend and I were on either side. I was very impressed with the company. It's not easy to take two normal, full-sized pictures and shrink them down and have them fit inside a locket. I wanted my pictures to stay in color, rather than be transferred to black and white. The color of the pictures were still very vibrant and easily visible. The camera flash made a glare, but in person the necklace does not look like this. It's much easier and also a smarter decision to have a company put in pictures for you, rather than trying to make your pictures fit inside a locket by yourself.
<p> On the back was the engravement that I asked for. I loved how the inscription turned out. The script is gorgeous and I was able to distinguish what it said effortlessly.
<p> The inscription was a little hard to capture in a picture, but you get the idea. My boyfriend thought the necklace was very thoughtful and he really liked it. He smiled when I showed him the pictures and the inscription. This is a necklace that I will wear frequently. Not only is it a beautiful piece, but it's something meaningful that will be close to my heart when I wear it.
<p> A photo heart locket would be a fantastic Christmas present for your girlfriend or wife this year. Presenting her with this gift would certainly bring a huge smile to her face, and possibly a tear to her eye as she sees what a thoughtful gift it is. You can go ahead and take all of the credit for the gift though! :) Please use the promo code "HOLIDAY12" at checkout for a 10% discount for all orders placed on PicturesonGold.com by December 1st.
<p> Having a smoke alarm is the smartest decision you can make in your home. Fires are not a joke and having a smoke alarm can potentially save your life. You should make sure your smoke alarm works by regularly testing it. It's also essential to replace the batteries from time to time. First Alert is your go-to company for ensuring that your home and loved ones are safe from house fires.
<p> First Alert is the most recognized and trusted brand in home safety and security products. The company is dedicated and passionate about protecting what matters most to you and your family, your home. First Alert provides items such as smoke detectors, home security products, fire extinguishers and cash and safety boxes.
<p> October is Fire Prevention Month. First Alert is encouraging consumers to "power up" their smoke and carbon dioxide alarms in a nationwide public education campaign focused on having consumers to test alarms, and if needed, update with better devices. When you choose to replace your device with a newer one, you are letting advanced technology to combat frequent false alarms and better detect real threats.
<p> Did you know that in 1/5 of homes smoke alarms are non-working? Households have smoke alarms installed, but most don't realize that the batteries are dead or the unit needs to be replaced. That's very scary and concerning. Two-thirds of home fire deaths each year occur in properties without working smoke alarms. Don't let something tragic and horrible come out of an easily fixable situation. (According to the National Fire Protection Association).
<p> Let October be a reminder to you to check on your smoke alarms to make sure they are in working order. Assist elderly friends or family members with their units to confirm they are in top notch condition too.
<p> First Alert has an active sweepstakes which allows 10 fans each day to win a First Alert smoke alarm and a pack of Duracell batteries (contest runs through October 31st.) At the end of the month, 5 grand prize winners will receive a "Power Up" prize pack which includes 5 First Alert smoke alarms and Duracell batteries, along with a First Alert security camera system. Please check out the sweepstakes here.
<p> By entering my contest, you'll have a chance to win a First Alert smoke alarm!
<p> Flu season lasts from October to May, and it's very important to arm yourself against sickness. Being ill is no fun. Why not protect yourself by receiving the flu shot? The uncomfortable shot lasts seconds and you can have piece of mind for 8 months. I've been getting the flu shot for years and have never had any side effects, and of course have never gotten sick! Go out and get one today!
<p> Duane Reade had a special event happening last night at the store in Union Square. You could receive your flu shot and also have the chance to meet New York Giants player David Diehl! Pretty cool, right?
<p> Once inside, I made my way to the pharmacy area where David was to receive his flu shot. Along the way I noticed a ton of promotion for the flu shot. There were balloons hanging from the aisles encouraging you to get the shot, and there were even stickers with the same message on the prepackaged sandwiches! Duane Reade did not miss an opportunity to alert customers and I think that is a smart choice.
<p> I was told to get there at 6 to see David get his flu shot but for whatever reason he had already received it. I wish I was there to see it because I wondered how he would have reacted. Was he good at taking pain (I am not, I hate needles!) or was the shot no big deal to him? I was sent a picture of him receiving the shot though.
<p> What I did notice when I got to his table was that he was wearing a "I received a flu shot!" sticker on his arm. This is a perfect way to convince others to receive a shot, if they hadn't already. They see that their favorite football player got his, and they want to get one too! That's one less person with the flu. I did not get a flu shot at the event but will be getting one soon.
<p> I was able to meet David, take a picture with him, and get a signed autograph, which was very cool. He was very friendly and I could tell he cared about meeting each person individually and speaking to them. I wish I had the chance to speak to him more. A line quickly formed around the table with people holding New York Giants hoodies and footballs for him to sign. People were all smiles that night, thanks to David!
<p> Afterwards, I took advantage of being in Duane Reade to purchase some items. The medicine aisle was heavily promoted, of course for flu season. One endcap aisle had a big message about the flu on it and featured items such as cough drops, tissues and cold and cough medicine. I had never seen so many boxes of Emergen-C in one place before either! Whatever medicine you're looking for to keep sickness at bay, Duane Reade has it! Of course I bought those essential flu prevention in case I do get sick in the next few months. Let's hope I don't!
<p> Duane Reade is doing their part in helping you through flu season, why not do yours too? Go out and get a flu shot today, you'll thank yourself that you did.
<p> I am a member of the Collective Bias™ Social Fabric® Community. This shop has been compensated as part of a social shopper insights study for Collective Bias™. #CBias #SocialFabric. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Monday, October 8, 2012
<p> If you run a business, it's essential that you have business cards highlighting your company and the services that you offer. I first ordered business cards for my blog a year ago. I am not sure why it took me so long to order them. It's a lot easier to give your card to someone and have them have your information saved then it is to try to remember the info you give them. The best part about business cards is that you can design them however you like. Have fun with the creation process and hand out as many cards as possible!
<p> BuildASign offers custom business cards, magnets, banners, signs, bumper stickers and more. Whatever you could possibly be looking to advertise, they have the means for you to do so. Do you need business cards for your new job? No problem! How about a magnet advertising your real estate company? You bet! Or maybe you're starting your own baking company? You'll definitely need business cards to gain those first few clients.
<p> All of the business card templates are 100% customizable. You can use a featured template or upload your own. You can even change the font, text, and colors too. Why not design a business card with a black background but cute little pink swirls on the sides? That would help your business card to stand out among others. The option of glossy or matte cards is available too. Your cards ship out extremely fast too, within two days!
<p> Here are some examples of business cards that are offered on BuildASign. Remember that you can change them however you'd like!
<p> How would you design your cards? When I made mine, I used a black background and a pink cursive font. It's very exciting when you receive your first order of cards!
<h> Wednesday, October 3, 2012
<p> We use the computer so much in our daily lives. Checking email, using Microsoft Word and Excel, among many other tasks. What we don't prepare for day to day is the possibility of a virus. Of course we have anti-virus programs, but sometimes those sneaky bugs still get through. When the computer gets a virus, it can severely hinder the computer's performance and make your life frustrating. Thankfully there is a solution for this.
<p> Fix Me Stick is a virus removal gadget that has no software to install. Today's viruses are designed to beat anti-virus software, and as a result of this infections are widespread and prominent. Anti-virus programs runs when a computer's operating system is on, allowing viruses to run and evade detection. The difference between regular anti-virus software and the Fix Me Stick is that the Fix Me Stick's hardware works when a computer's regular operating system is off. This device also doesn't slow your computer down, since there is nothing to install.
<p> This device can be run by anyone, and it is faster and cheaper than alternatives. It represents a revolutionary advance for non-tech indivudals who've spent much time and money on removing these pesky issues.
<p> Wouldn't life be so much easier if you never had to worry about viruses again? My computer's had its fair share of viruses over the years and I can assure you it's not something I want to have to deal with again.
<h> Tuesday, October 2, 2012
<p> We all know fruit is important and essential in one's diet, but sometimes we want the easy way out. People would rather have a slice of cherry cheesecake, a piece of blueberry pie, or even minced strawberries on top of their frozen yogurt. Does this sound familiar? We need to stop fooling ourselves and thinking it's okay, you're still eating a dessert, not straight fruit. Wouldn't it be nice if we could enjoy the fruit that our body needs, but still have it taste delicious and dessert like too? Well now you can!
<p> Indulge without the guilt and enjoy an easy, fun way to eat your daily serving of fruits. A low calorie diet rich in fruits and vegetables can help you lose weight, look and feel great, and maintain good health.
<p> The best part about Yonanas is that you're not adding milk, cream, or anything else to the machine. Frozen fruit is the ONLY ingredient needed. You won't believe your eyes when you see what comes out of the machine! You will think you're at your local frozen yogurt shop, but you're really just having frozen fruit.
<p> I'm always looking for a better way to get in my recommended daily servings of fruit. When I received the chance to review a Yonanas, I was excited. I had heard of the machine previously and knew it deserved a spot in my kitchen. The machine was shipped to me within two days, that is lightening fast service!
<p> Look at the Yonanas machine, isn't it pretty? :) The machine came already assembled, which surprised me. I thought I would have to put it together. The machine is not too large and easily fits on my countertop. I read through the recipe book which came with it to give me some fruity inspiration. I decided to make a combination of blueberry and banana for my frozen treat.
<p> You're supposed to freeze the fruit for 24 hours. I bought a container of blueberries and some bananas to use. Make sure that you peel the bananas before freezing them, or else you'll have a really hard time peeling them once they're frozen.
<p> A day later, it was time to get my Yonanas on! I set up shop and fruity frozen treat dreams danced in my head.
<p> When you use the Yonanas for the first time, remember to read the manual so you know how to operate the machine. The instructions told me to alternate between using each of your fruits. So you use a banana, then blueberries, then banana, etc. A serving size for 2 people is two bananas and some blueberries. Simply take the plunger out of the top of the machine and put the frozen fruit inside, and then take the plunger and push down on the fruit. What comes out is a beautiful, silky smooth, creamy frozen fruit concoction like you see in my bowl. This was the beginnings of the fruit. I love the beautiful pale pink color of the blueberries and the light yellow of the bananas too.
<p> After I fed the machine all of the fruit, this is what was in my bowl.
<p> Look at this! The consistency is amazing. If I didn't know that it came from the Yonanas, I would think it was frozen yogurt or ice cream. It's perfectly cold and creamy and tastes fantastic. I can equally taste the bananas and blueberries and it is simply fantastic! This is a more fun way to enjoy your favorite fruits. Add a few chocolate chips or some granola on top to make your fruit extra delicious. Instead of ice cream or frozen yogurt, why not have this as an evening snack? It's guilt free and much healthier for you. If you normally have fruit for breakfast, how about having this instead? It will be a new switch up on an old reliable breakfast. You can even incorporate it into a breakfast parfait too. The best part about Yonanas is that you can use any fruit you desire. A combination of raspberries, blueberries, and bananas is what I will try next time!
<p> Parents, Yonanas has your back too. If your child isn't a fan of fruit but will happily gobble up some ice cream, why not serve them this? They won't know it's pure frozen fruit, but will think you're indulging their unhealthy ice cream wishes!
<p> Yonanas is handwash or dishwasher safe. Make sure that you clean out the machine (the parts become removable) after each use because a lot of the fruit gets trapped in the blade and inside the machine.
<p> If you're looking for a more fun and delicious way to enjoy fruit, Yonanas is your go-to machine.
<h> Monday, October 1, 2012
<p> Hostess treats are recognizable all over the planet. Those delectable little cream filled cupcakes with the familiar braided twist of frosting on top are iconic. I grew up eating these treats and am glad to see they are still as popular today as they were years ago. There's nothing like a Hostess Twinkie or cupcake to put a smile on your face.
<p> Hostess has been making life sweeter since 1925. They produce such fantastic confectionery delights as Twinkies, Cupcakes, Ho-Ho's, Suzy Q's, Ding Dongs, Mini Muffins, Sno Balls and more. If you're looking for something chocolate for your sweet tooth, or just some regular mini blueberry muffins, Hostess is your brand. All of their items are made fresh and baked with care.
<p> I like to stay in the loop of Hostess products because they are always coming out with new products that make my mouth water. When I was told I would be receiving a package full of new Hostess goodies, my stomach rumbled! :)
<p> Soon after that, a box showed up at my door containing these heavenly goodies:
<p> What looks best to you?
<p> Twinkies, Scarycakes, Globalls, Cupcakes, and apple cinnamon Donettes were what I received. I loved the assortment I was sent and wasn't sure which one I should sample first! The apple cinnamon donettes were perfect for fall and I decided in the spirit of fall I would try one first. I've had the regular powdered sugar donettes before and loved those, so I had high expectations for these.
<p> The apple cinnamon Donettes were new to me and I had never tried them previously. I couldn't even recall seeing them in the grocery store either. I loved their petite size. From the second that I opened the bag, I could smell the apple cinnamon mixture, it was very potent. The scent instantly made me envision Fall. In my mind I was drinking apple cider and picking up leaves. The donette was dense doughy, and perfectly round. There was a generous coating of apple and cinnamon sugar all over the treat. I noticed more of the cinnamon flavor in the donette than I did the apple. I do wish the apple flavor would have been more prevalent. The mixture of the cinnamon and apple combination leaves the donette with a pleasant grey hue. The treat was sweet, but not overly sugary like the regular powdered sugar covered donettes. I would say your sweet tooth would be curbed after two donettes. I had two in one day, but hours apart from each other. I didn't enjoy the donettes as much as the other yummies that I sampled.
<p> I've had the cupcakes many times before and they are one of my all-time favorite Hostess snacks. The round little cakes fit perfectly in my heart and stomach! The color of the cupcake is a beautiful black. When you bite into the cake, a wave of moist chocolate sponge cake washes over your taste buds. You also immediately taste the chocolate on top which has a firmer texture, but is still big on chocolate flavor. The white braided twist provides another sweet finish on top. The next bite brings in the sweet and fluffy cream filling which pairs perfectly with the chocolate sponge cake. There is a generous amount of filling in the middle which is my favorite part of the treat. It's not a heavy cupcake at all, it's very light. You can't go wrong with this treat, it will satisfy your sweet tooth instantly.
<p> Having a Twinkie is a perfect choice if you're wanting something sweet, but not chocolate. I've enjoyed many a Twinkie in my lifetime. The golden sponge cakes pair perfectly with milk and are loved by many. This oval shaped treat is perfect for a hand held snack on the go. The sponge cake is light and airy and very moist. It has a wonderful flavor. When you take that first bite, you instantly taste the spongy cake and the rich, luxurious cream filling at the same time. It is pure heaven. There is nothing better than the first bite of a Twinkie. A Twinkie is most certainly a comforting dessert. If you've never tried one before, I urge you to. You will absolutely fall under the Twinkie's delicious spell.
<p> Finally, I tried a Globall. These are just like SnoBalls except they are orange. The vibrant orange is perfect for upcoming Halloween. You can't go wrong with anything that is round and filled with chocolate and cream! :) These circular confectionary bites of heaven were delicious! When I first bit into them, I could instantly taste the marshmallow and coconut covered chocolate cake along with the cream. That is definitely the trifecta of amazing bites! The coconut was perfectly coconutty, the marshmallow very light and fluffy, and the chocolate cake sweet and wonderful. The cream was airy and whipped perfectly. Chocolate and coconut is a classic combination and always tastes wonderful when paired together. The marshmallow and chocolate were sweet, but not overly sweet. The sweetness was just on the right level. I finished off my Globall in no time had to control myself from eating the whole box! :)
<p> I haven't tried a Scarycake yet, but they are tempting me from inside the cabinet. :) I am sure I will love them though.
<p> If you're looking for a yummy treat, please turn to Hostess! Your stomach will thank you.
<p> Today (October 1st) through midnight on 10/31, Hostess fans are invited to visit HostessCakes.com to play the spook-tacular online instant win game, Hostess Snack Cake Shuffle for a chance to instantly win a $50 daily prize. Entrants can also play for the chance to win the $5,000 grand prize too! Visitors will watch as three ghosts hide and shuffle two ScaryCakes and a Globall. Fans must then choose which ghost is hiding the Globall for a chance to win the daily prize. At the end of the promotion, one grand prize winner will be selected from all eligible entries.
<p> Halloween has always been a favorite day of mine. I have fond memories as a child of going trick or treating with my friends. I remember coming home from school and excitedly putting my costume on. I always enjoyed picking out my costume each Halloween, my attire matched my current interest of that year. Soon after that it was time to go collect my candy. A trip up a neighbor's driveway could guarantee delicious candy, and you never knew what you were going to get! Of course HERSHEYS is the leader in Halloween candy. It was always a great joy when you received a full-sized candy bar! Halloween only comes once a year, why not wear a great costume this year?
<p> Creating the perfect Halloween costume is not always an easy task. If you have children, a trip to Target or Walmart may be in order to pick one out. Make sure that you go early to ensure that you have ample costume availability. Going too late in the season can sometimes mean slim inventory. Sometimes children's costume interests are not available. If for example your child wants to be a certain cartoon character or Disney character that is not made in costume form, that's where you step in. You may have to improvise with certain clothing or a wig that they already own that matches the desired character's appearance or theme.
<p> You can't go wrong with a ballerina costume.
<p> Is your son dressing up as a pirate this year? This would be a great costume choice.
<p> Handmade costumes are always a great conversation starter too. If you're handy with a sewing machine, why not create your child's Halloween costume this year? They will certainly stand out. You can even use some fabrics and items that you already own, to make the creation process easier. Also, your child will enjoy having an original costume that nobody else is wearing.
<p> I love this homemade Halloween bat costume. The bat wings are made from an umbrella!
<p> For whatever costume you decide, make sure that your child absolutely loves it. They only get to wear one costume. :)
<p> I don't currently have children, but I do remember what my costume choices were like as a child. My mom usually took me to the store and we picked out a store bought costume. I recall being a witch, and a nurse among other things! As I got older, my costumes became a little bit more homemade. When I dressed up as a cat one year, I wore all black, but I went to the store to buy face paint and cat ears. I used the black face paint to draw whiskers and a nose on myself. The cat ears headband completed the look. I like combining elements of store bought and homemade items to create the ensemble.
<p> When I was growing up, I always loved decorating for Halloween with my mom. After buying and carving the pumpkin that set on the doorstep, we would put out the yard decorations which featured skeletons, ghosts and witches. Of course there were inside decorations, too. Spider web window clings adorned the windows and pumpkin figurines were displayed on the window sills and mantel. Halloween sugar cookies would be in the oven baking as we made the spirit of Halloween come alive both inside and outside. On the day of Halloween, we played spooky music on a cassette tape (I am dating myself here!) that filled the entire house. I absolutely loved it.
<p> Halloween is all about having fun. Make sure that you make this exciting day a special time for your child or children this year. Do you have traditions that you do with them every year? It's never too late to make meaningful Halloween memories!
