<h> Pages
<h> Saturday, October 1, 2011
<p> I regularly go out to eat about once every week. Sometimes it's two times a week, but that's rare. I like to choose restaurants that have wholesome, delicious food. When you dine at a buffet, there's always going to be something that appeals to you. I like that you can actually see the food, when you order off of a menu in other restaurants you have no idea what the food looks like. There may be an ingredient in the food that you don't like, etc. Sweet Tomatoes always has a fantastic variety of foods that leave me coming back time and time again.
<p> Sweet Tomatoes pride themselves on offering an all-you-care-to-eat dining experience where each of their guests can create a meal tailored to their needs. Of course, you can count on fresh, high-quality ingredients and daily made-from-scratch menu items. The salad bar buffet features over 50 fresh ingredients, including specialty tossed and prepared salads. In addition to salads, they serve original recipe hot pastas, hand-crafted soups, scratch-made muffins, and Focaccia breads in their hot buffet.
<p> Mexican inspired soup at Sweet Tomatoes
<p> Fresh salads at Sweet Tomatoes
<p> Sweet Tomatoes truly has something for everyone. Their soups are hearty, delicious and comforting. The tossed and prepared salads are healthy, fresh, and wonderful. The bakery offers yummy muffins and breads. The hot pastas and kitchen favorites warm your soul with fantastic flavor and taste. The desserts let you indulge your sweet tooth. Sweet Tomatoes even caters to gluten free individuals. This restaurant would be the perfect place to bring your family. They will absolutely love it! The staff has always been friendly every time I've been to one of their Florida locations as well. They go above and beyond to make sure you're satisfied and the food is served to you at your liking.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will each win two complimentary dining passes to Sweet Tomatoes.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me if you've ever been to Sweet Tomatoes before and what you liked about it. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Sweet Tomatoes on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/Souplantation)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 15, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, September 30, 2011
<p> You know what I dislike? Boring bread. I really don't like flimsy, tasteless, tiny pieces of sliced bread. I love large and in charge dense pieces of sliced bread packed with great taste. Rudi's certainly does not disappoint as their bread rocks my world!
<p> Rudi's Organic Bakery offers oganic and gluten-free bread baked with ingredients you recognize and can pronounce. They use ingredients that are simple and certified organic to bake better bread. High fructose corn syrup, chemical preservatives, or artificial ingredients are never used. Rudi's has delicious flavors of bread such as rocky mountain sourdough (my favorite!), 100% whole wheat, cinnamon raisin, tuscan roasted garlic, and honey sweet whole wheat among many others.
<p> Some various flavors of Rudi's breads.
<p> If you haven't had Rudi's before, I urge you to try it very soon. Their sourdough bread is absolutely perfect for grilled cheese. Pair that with a steaming hot bowl of tomato soup and you've got yourself the perfect lunch. Have a slice of cinnamon raisin bread slathered with a light layer of jelly and it's breakfast time!
<p> Two lucky winners will be trying Rudi's in the near future as they will be the lucky winners of a free product coupon and a sandwich keeper. The sandwich keeper is perfect for a quick lunch on the go or at school or work.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will each win a free product coupon for Rudi's bread and a sandwich keeper.
<p> 13. Like Rudi's on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/rudisorganicbakery)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 12, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I often curl my hair for special events, parties, or even just when I feel like it. I get tired of my straight hair and I always love when I have the opportunity to curl it. I've been using Conair curling products for years and I always love the results I achieve with their products. The curls look great, they last long, and I always get compliments.
<p> Conair is a developer, manufacturer and marketer of health and beauty products and kitchen and electronic appliances. Since its founding in 1959, the company has become a leading manufacturer of nationally branded personal and health care small appliances. Conair holds the number one position in the industry with hair dryers and curling irons. Other products also include grooming, health and wellness appliances.
<p> Are you looking for a new hair curling product to use? Are you sick of holding the curling iron to your head and being limited in being able to do anything else? I have the perfect product for you!
<p> One lucky winner will win Conair Xtreme Instant Heat™ Multisized Hot Rollers!If you’re looking for curls, waves or a smooth, polished look, “setting” your hair in hot rollers is a great tried-and-true styling method. Think they’re something you don’t have time for? Think again! Conair Xtreme Instant Heat Multisized Hot Rollers are fully heated and ready to use in 75 seconds, and they are the ultimate multi-tasker’s beauty tool -- set your hair while doing your makeup, choosing your outfit/accessories or even having your breakfast! Take them out and watch your whole look come together.
<p> The clips and rollers are both heated for extra hold and infused with ceramic technology for better heat transfer and longer-lasting curls. The set includes 20 ceramic multi-sized rollers: 8 jumbo rollers, 6 large rollers, and 6 medium rollers and 20 lightweight heated clips. Each pink roller has a ready dot to let you know when they’re heated and have stay-cool end rings to protect your fingers while styling.
<p> Have straight hair? Watch this instructional video on how to take your straight hair into the world of curly:
<p> These rollers are just what you've been missing in your hair and beauty routine. Set your hair today to achieve beautiful curls that everyone will love.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win Conair Xtreme Instant Heat™ Multisized Hot Rollers.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what Conair products have been your favorite over the years. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Conair on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/conairhair)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 11, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> Since my dog can't make fashionable choices on her own, I have to make them for her. I know she appreciates my help though. :) I always make sure she has the latest hottest and fashionable treats, toys, leashes, collars, etc. She always has been the most stylish dog on the block. I'm always on the lookout to make her even more trendy though.
<p> Ruff Wear's mission is to build performance product to enhance and inspire outdoor adventures for dogs and their human companions. That mission has stood the test of time. Ruff Wear continually strives to design and build performance dog gear that allows their four-legged friends to accompany us on our shared adventures, all while providing a level of safety and comfort in the great outdoors.
<p> I thought this company was really unique. They are dedicated in selling products that allow us to enjoy outdoor activities with our furry friends. I've never seen a website that feels so strongly about it and I really admire that. Why not include your dog on your outdoor walks, hikes, or camp-outs? Let them have some fun too! Are you looking for a dog life jacket, dog boots, portable dog bowls, dog packs, or even dog harnesses? Ruff Wear sells all of those in many different colors and styles.
<p> Since Colby is 13 and I don't do many outdoor activities that involve her, a lot of these products don't apply to us. I settled on two Flat Out leashes. I chose Glacial Blue and Lotus. These leashes come in many different colors and styles, to compliment any dog's fashion sense. :)
<p> The Flat Out Leash features a side release buckle that allows for three handle conversions:1. Hand-held leash (for a standard walk)2. Waist-worn leash (for a hands-free adventure)3. Fixed leash (clipped around a tree or post while you run to grab a cup of coffee)A convenient traffic handle close to the Talon Clip™ gives you quick control.
<p> These leashes are absolutely great! They are very strong and durable which is really nice. Colby's previous leash and collar were cute but not very quality made and it got ruined pretty quickly. I can tell that these leashes will not fray or get ruined easily. The colors are cute too. I think my favorite is the Lotus leash, the pink and green colors really compliment each other nicely. I like that there are three handle conversions just in case I need to change how I walk Colby. I would never use the fixed leash though. I've used the hand-held leash for a standard walk quite a few times already, which is what I'm used to. I haven't tried the waist-worn leash yet, but I will soon. The leashes are very easy to use and they are secure too, so she can not get out of the collar easily. I think Colby's favorite is the Lotus leash too because she's very much a girly dog!
<p> *Disclosure-I was provided product from Ruff Wear in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine.
<h> Wednesday, September 28, 2011
<p> I could seriously eat pizza everyday if given the chance. Extra cheese, sausage, pepperoni, or even margherita I'll eat all of the yummy choices! :) Freschetta does a fantastic job of providing a variety of quality and delicious pizza flavors for its consumers.
<p> Freschetta frozen pizzas are made with top-quality ingredients and taste-tested recipes, just to make sure your pizza will always deliver FRESCH® flavor. Freschetta offers such mouth-watering pizzas as classic supreme, Canadian style bacon and pineapple, and 4 cheese medley. Are you aware that there's a new line out called Simply Inspired? Some of the pizza flavors include Harvest Supreme and Rustic Pepperoni Pomodoro. Don't forget that Freschetta also sells pizza crust so you can make your own delicious pizza creations!
<p> An example of Freschetta pizzas.
<p> Freschetta is announcing national breast cancer awareness month. They are doing their part to support research by presenting the Freschetta "proud to support pink" program from September 25th to October 31st when you purchase specially-marked packages of Freschetta pizza and artisan pizza crusts. You will be helping them reach their goal of a $50,000 donation to the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Specially marked packages are printed with codes that you can enter at www.ProudToSupportPink.com. For each code entry, the makers of Freschetta products will donate $1 to this center to support breast cancer research, up to $50,000. The Freschetta homepage also has a place for people to share their breast cancer journey or the journey of a friend or loved one. These stories will be displayed on Proud to Support Pink and on Freschetta's Facebook page to inspire all those who read them. They are also giving away 50 pink iPod Shuffles each week in October. Additionally, 50 pink iPod Shuffles will be donated each week in October to four cancer centers around America to be enjoyed by breast cancer patients during treatment.
<p> One lucky winner will win a Proud to Support Pink prize. The prize includes a coupon to try any Freschetta pizza and two pairs of Freschetta proud to support pink branded earphones. One pair is for you to keep and the other pair is to share with a friend or family member as a reminder of proactive health.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Freschetta proud to support pink kit including a coupon for a free Freschetta pizza, and two pink Freschetta proud to support pink branded earbuds.
<p> 13. Like Freschetta Pizza on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/freschettapizza)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 10, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. Freschetta contacted me and provided products for my review, but the thoughts/opinions/ideas I provide are strictly my own.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> There's something truly special about handmade jewelry. Sure, store bought jewelry is nice, but nothing beats a piece that someone spent time making. I'd rather wear a handmade necklace much more then wearing a ring I bought at Macy's. You can't beat handmade with love.
<p> Ten Thousand Villages is an exceptional source for unique handmade gifts, jewelry, home decor, art and sculpture. Their textiles, serveware and personal accessories represent the diverse cultures of artisans in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. They are one of the world's largest fair trade organizations and a founding member of the World Fair Trade Organization (WFTO). The company strives to improve the livelihood of tens of thousands of disadvantaged artisans in 38 countries. Ten Thousand Villages accomplishes this by establishing a sustainable market for handmade products in North America, and building long term buying relationships in places where skilled artisan partners lack opportunities for stable income. Product sales help pay for food, education, healthcare and housing for artisans who would otherwise be unemployed or underemployed.
<p> This company is doing something truly beneficial and helping to better people's lives. That makes me happy and I fully support them.
<p> Ten Thousand Villages sells gorgeous items that would make the perfect gift for anyone. If you choose to buy them a decorative houseware item, they will display it in their home with pride.
<p> I was sent 3 beautiful bracelets to review.
<p> Stunning foil bead bracelet features glass beads with foil at the center, in cool colors of aqua, silver and blue. From the women artisans of Tara Projects, a pioneering fair trade program for community development and business.
<p> This is such a beautiful and fun bracelet. I love the pretty turquoise and translucent glass beads. The colors are bright and vivid. I love chunky jewelry so this is just my style. I also have a lot of beaded jewelry so it will fit in with my collection well. The patterns on the beads are just so pretty. You can tell the bracelet was made with painstaking dedication and took a lot of time to create. The bracelet fits me well and is not heavy to wear at all. It is made with quality materials and I feel it will last a while. The bracelet would look great with a pretty black business suit or black dress.
<p> Heaps of hoops, single and double, in graduated size, give your wrist the attractive gleam of shining brass. From Bombolulu Workshops, Mombasa.
<p> This bracelet is by far my favorite piece that I received. I am instantly attracted to hoops and circles in jewelry and this is right up my alley. The gold circles are shiny and sparkle in the light. The circles are not too large either, but the just the perfect size. The bracelet is very fun and modern which is what I look for in jewelry and accessories. It fits me well and is adjustable, just in case I'd like to make it tighter or looser. The bracelet would look great with practically anything you wear and you could dress it up or down depending on what you choose to wear. The piece is quality made and I will definitely be wearing it to an upcoming dinner party that I have.
<p> Get on a smooth and steady wavelength with this rippling metal bracelet from Trinity Jewelry Crafts.
<p> I really love this cuff too, but unfortunately it is too big for me. I will try to work with adjusting it more for a better fit. I have to be careful so I don't break it though. I do wish it fit better because I would love to wear it. The silver is high quality and has a nice shine to it. I love the wavy design of the cuff though, it's my favorite part about it. You could wear this cuff with whatever you choose to wear because silver excellently pairs with anything. Some cuffs are very heavy on my wrist and I can't wear them for long periods of time, this cuff is light weight which is perfect. Hopefully I will be wearing this cuff soon!
<p> *Disclosure-I received these bracelets in exchange for this review. All opinions and thoughts are solely mine.
<h> Tuesday, September 27, 2011
<p> Like I've said before, I hate cold weather but very much enjoy winter clothes. I love warm jackets, beautiful patterned scarves, and fashionable boots. I enjoy scouting out new clothing websites that allow me to get my winter clothes fix in. DownEast Basics was the perfect candidate for that. :)
<p> DownEast Basics offers gorgeous clothes, swimwear, and accessories for girls and women. Housewares are also available for purchase. The clothes are gorgeous, trendy, and quality made. Whether you're looking for a great cocktail dress, a cute cardigan for Fall, or a fabulous pair of jeans, DownEast Basics will keep you looking stylish.
<p> Anything from DownEast would make a great gift for your daughter, girlfriend, niece, cousin, etc. They truly have something for everyone's taste and style.
<p> I was sent a gorgeous Knot Alone plum cardigan for review.
<p> The first thing I noticed about this cardigan is that the color is absolutely perfect for Fall. It's a really nice deep purple color that I love. The cardigan fits me well and is the perfect length too. It would look great paired with a pair of skinny jeans or a cute pair of black flats too. I love the large black and gold buttons, they really give the cardigan some added fun personality. There are two pockets on either side of the cardigan too. My favorite thing about the cardigan is the knotted detail on the shoulders. It's a very unique detail that I've never seen on any other cardigan before. It was what drew me into the cardigan. Overall, I am very pleased with the cardigan and can't wait to wear it sometime soon!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a top of their choice from DownEast Basics.
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 9, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> This is a Sponsored post written by me on behalf of TRESemmé for SocialSpark. All opinions are 100% mine.
<p> I've been using TRESemme products for years. Their fabulous shampoos and conditioners have kept my hair looking great I have never used their dry shampoo before. This product would be perfect for anytime you don't have access to a shower or skip a day washing your hair. Bring TRESemmé Fresh Start Dry Shampoo with you on a camping trip, road trip, and even outdoor festivals (that is longer than 1 day if you intend to camp out).
<p> Why should you use dry shampoo?
<p> The dry shampoo can revive your style's look on days you skip washing your hair. The product is uniquely formatted to absorb excess oil and remove odor. The full line of dry shampoos revives and rejuvenates hair without a drop of water. The pleasant scent of citrus is infused in every product, leaving hair clean and smelling great.
<p> Thinking about purchasing?
<p> The full line includes:
<p> Strengthening dry shampoo: The formula with B12 vitamins and keratin helps strengthen hair and leaves it full of body.
<h> Monday, September 26, 2011
<p> As you all know, I've been working with the Musselman's brand for over a year now. I enjoy their quality and of course delicious apple products. I was recently invited to attend a blogger trip and I had such an amazing time. I have to let you know all about it, of course!
<p> Musselman's invited myself and 8 other bloggers to attend "A Day in the Orchard" in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. We were to be given a tour of the various Musselman's factories and of course their apple orchard too. I had never had a chance to attend something like this before and I was very excited. I was also very interested to learn about the brand that I've been working with.
<p> I was not aware of the other bloggers before I met them but I instantly felt like I knew them forever. I really enjoyed their company throughout the trip. Everyone was so easy to talk to and very friendly and we all got along wonderfully.
<p> The first day we arrived at the hotel in Gettysburg we all got settled in and then could go off and explore. We had a cocktail party that night where we were able to meet other Musselman's employees and get to know them. We all had a fun time!From left to right: Renee from What Mommies Need, Jennifer from Thriftygrl, Heather from What Heather Said, Amanda from The Nutritionist Reviews, Kelly from StarImpulse, Me, Haley from Love, Life, Family, and Then Some, Cissy from Cool Baby Kid, and in the middle is Amie from The Healthy Apple.
<p> We also received adorable apple shaped cookies! :)
<p> In the morning we headed out for a full day of learning about those fabulous apples! I was very happy to learn that Musselman's does not waste any of the apple. They squeeze every last drop of juice they can out of the apple and then the skin gets put into a compost system that they have. All of the apples are grown in the US.
<p> The solar panels that Musselman's get 30% of their energy from.
<p> We stopped at the apple orchards for a tour next. We got the chance to meet the grower and he answered all of our questions with great detail. He seemed to have a huge passion for what he did. Hundreds of apples are grown here which boggled my mind. I had no idea that many types of apples existed! It was very cool to see row after row of apples ready to be picked.
<p> Apples on their way to New York!
<p> Tons and tons of apples
<p> Then, we had a delicious lunch in the orchards. It was great to sit down and rest for a bit after being on our feet all morning.Afterwards we were told that Musselman's had a surprise for us. We were able to plant a special bloggers gala apple tree. We all got to take turns digging the hole for the tree to be planted into. It was such a fun and special experience!
<p> Next, we got to tour the factories and see how the products were made. I really enjoyed getting to see the different tasks that each machine did and how quickly they worked.
<p> We even were able to participate in a yummy Musselman's product taste testing. We were allowed to voice our opinions about the products and ask questions. It was fun to find old and new favorites with the apple sauce and apple butter.
<p> Throughout our tours everyone was truly happy to show us around and answer any questions we had. The staff also cared what we thought and wanted us to voice our thoughts on anything we had to say about the brand.
<p> Later that night we were all treated to a fantastic dinner for our last night on the trip. We were given beautiful glass apples and a cute apple pin.
<p> Kelly and I at dinner
<p> Amanda and Heather with their glass apples
<p> Honestly I couldn't have asked for a better trip experience. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with the Musselman's staff and other bloggers. The staff treated all of us so kindly and were so happy for us to be visiting. I learned so much and was exposed to other people who have the same blogging passion that I do. I will certainly remember this trip for years to come.
<p> Disclosure* Musselman's provided me with a complimentary trip. All thoughts and opinions are solely mine.
<p> Everyone knows Hostess snack cakes. Those airy, spongy, cream filled delights known as Twinkies, and of course the chocolate cupcakes bursting with flavor and sweet cream filling. Not to mention all of the recent fabulous products they've introduced over the past years. Mmm, they are the perfect sweet treat to indulge in. Hostess is one of those brands that we grew up with and they have been in our lives for decades.
<p> The Hostess brand got its start in Indianapolis in 1925. Continental Baking Company purchased a bakery called Taggart that was selling popular new bread called Wonder. Continental began selling Wonder Bread as its national bread brand but needed a line of cakes to sell alongside. Hostess cake was born, including the chocolate cup cake which is still popular today.
<p> Some of my favorite Hostess products are Snoballs, Ring-Dings, the Classic Chocolate Cupcakes, and of course Ho-Ho's. I don't eat Hostess products a lot but when I want something sweet I definitely turn to their treats. They curb my sweet tooth and they have such a great taste. They were meant for a chocoholic like me!
<p> A lucky winner is going to get to curb their sweet tooth too when they win this Hostess prize pack!
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 8, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
