<h> Monday, November 19, 2012
<p> There's nothing like a fantastic pair of sunglasses to make you feel your best. Sure you have the stylish outfit, shoes, and purse, but of course you have to top it off with a rockin' pair of shades. Many pairs of sunglasses have come and gone from my life, but few have stood the test of time. I love to have 2 or 3 different pairs at all times to wear, depending on my mood and the day. Ladies, you know what I'm talking about!
<p> Smart Buy Glasses offers you a complete collection of designer brands such as Prada, D&amp;G, Ray Ban, Prada, and many more. This is certainly the headquarters for all of your sunglass needs for men and women! The website also provides you with over 100,000 pairs of prescription eye glasses, contact lenses, and sunglasses. All of the glasses on the site are high quality and come in many different styles and colors for anyone's needs. I've owned many pairs of designer sunglasses over the years. The quality and craftsmanship is unbeatable. Why spend $20 on a pair that can break when you can spend $150 on a pair that will last for years? I always choose quality.
<p> When I was allowed to choose a pair for review, I was very excited. I browsed through page after page of gorgeous glasses, imagining myself holding each pair and wearing them. I currently have a pair of Tom Ford sunglasses that I love, but I wanted a second pair. After wiping away the drool from my screen after seeing so many beautiful items on one page, I decided on a stunning pair of Dolce and Gabbana sunglasses.
<p> I am so in love with these. I had a pair of D&amp;G's in 2008, but I accidentally left them in the subway. My heart was ripped from my chest when I discovered it. I was very upset. I knew one day I would get another pair of D&amp;G's. Well that day is here! They were shipped extremely fast and before I knew it, they were here. The glasses came in a pretty case with a bold D&amp;G branded logo on the top, a cleaning cloth, and glasses cleaner, which is very handy. The rich, tortoiseshell is beautiful and vibrant. The glasses fit me comfortably and I love the way they look on. Style is very important to me and these glasses get a top notch check on Sammi's stylish meter! I love the shape and frame very much. The great thing about these glasses is that they work year round. Wear them to the beach, or to a weekend mountain getaway trip!
<p> A pair of glasses from Smart Buy Glasses would make an excellent Christmas present for a friend or family member. Just be prepared for a huge hug and a smile when the recipient receives the glasses!
<p> One lucky winner will win a beautiful pair of these Ray-Ban sunglasses! I just love them, and I know you will too!
<p> Now that the cold weather is here, the flu and sickness is inevitable. Cold and flu season lasts from late October to April. I very rarely get sick, but when I do it's pretty bad. I was sick last year, and in bed solidly for about 3 days. It was awful. I like to make sure I am well stocked with cold and flu medication and cough drops at all times. Make sure you arm yourself against any germs and sickness with a flu shot, it's very important!
<p> The Pine Brothers Softish Throat Drops have been trusted by American families for minor sore throat irritation for over 140 years! There is a certainly a reason for this. This brand knows throat drops like no other, and they are there to help your throat feel better! The throat drops come in two flavors, cherry and honey. The little oval shaped pieces of relief are gluten free and only 5 calories each.
<p> Whenever I have a sore throat, I always turn to throat drops. I prefer cherry best. The little bit of sweetness is comforting to my throat. Pine Brothers offers their throat drops in bags, or pucks. I love the idea of the pucks. They are very convenient for throwing into a child's backpack, your purse, a glove compartment, or even a desk drawer at work. Make sure you are never without throat drops when your throat needs some TLC.
<p> Throat drops really do work. If you're tired of using cough medicine or sore throat tablets due to their unappealing taste, why not try Pine Brothers? You'll instantly fall in love with the delicious taste and how quickly they work. Keep this brand in mind with you throughout the cold and flu season and you'll be good to go.
<h> Saturday, November 17, 2012
<p> I'm very particular with my clothes. I like to keep them as stain free as possible. In the event that I do get a stain on my clothing, I want to turn to a detergent that is powerful enough to kick those stains to the curb! We've all had stains on our clothes and we want to use a quality product to keep our clothes looking their best.
<p> All Laundry Detergent is a recognized leader and laundry partner with consumers for more than 50 years. The brand provides an incredible clean at an unbeatable value. All has many detergents in its laundry lineup. If you have sensitive skin, All Free and Clear, which is free of potential irritants like dyes and perfume is the pick for you. It is also hypoallergenic. It is uniquely formatted with SkinSmart Surfactant technology, which has a proprietary blend of active surfactants that tackle kids dirt and stains while being gentle on your family's skin. It removes 99% of top seasonal and everyday allergens with every wash. Looking for a great stain removal product? All Free and Clear with Oxi-Active is your go-to choice for heavy-duty stain removal. It tackles your family's toughest dirt and stains with stainlifters and the added power of natural cleaning boosters helping to give you incredibly clean clothes. I've only used All twice previously, but I was very pleased with the results.
<p> Did you know that All is the #1 detergent brand recommended by Dermatologists and Allergists for sensitive skin, and the #1 free detergent brand recommended by Pediatricians. All is there to make sure your family's clothes look and feel their best.
<p> I was able to review an All laundry detergent of my choice. The coupons came on laundry day which couldn't have been more convenient. I also was running low on my regular laundry detergent too. I walked to my local Target with laundry dreams dancing in my head. When I got to the laundry care aisle, I surveyed my options. I finally settled on All Free Clear Oxi Active. I was promised incredibly clean clothes and stain lifters to whisk away my stains. This was definitely the right option for me. Earlier in the week I accidentally got a stain on my shirt while cooking. I knew I needed a strong stain lifter to help my shirt.
<p> The bottle is a nice solid white with an eye-catching "All" written in yellow and blue. The colors stand out and you can't miss the bottle in your laundry care aisle. This detergent is safe for all washing machines. I loaded my laundry into the machine and prepared my clothes to be washed like never before. I did not add any stain removal tablets or anything to help the stain removal process. I wanted to see what All could do for me on its own. The product easily poured into the drum of my washing machine. Soon after that, it was time to transfer the clothes into the dryer. Of course I had to inspect the shirt before I switched it over. The stain was gone! I was very thankful as it was a chocolate stain from baking, and those can be hard to get out. I was prepared to have the stain not be fully removed, but it was. I was impressed.
<p> The clothes dried beautifully and looked fantastic. They definitely looked like they were washed with a high quality product. I smelled them and they had a wonderful clean scent, a scent that can only mean a true clean. I really liked how well of a job All did with cleaning my clothes. All's Oxi Active is one product I will be keeping in mind for my tough stains.
<h> Friday, November 16, 2012
<p> Christmas and Thanksgiving are just around the corner. If you don't have your menu's finalized, I'm sure you will soon enough. I love to cook and am always in the kitchen making something delicious. Cooking everything from scratch for holiday meals is not always possible for all, and of course it's very time consuming. Bob Evans is there to save you time in the kitchen, but still keep your guests satisfied with a delicious meal!
<p> I was recently allowed to submit questions to Chef David Eisel, who is the brains behind Bob Evans food. You know, the delicious mashed potatoes, sausage and macaroni and cheese? You can thank him for those! The purpose of the interview was to have him answer my questions about how to make holiday meals more exciting and unique.
<p> I asked him the following questions:
<p> What are some delicious crowd-pleasing appetizers to make for a Thanksgiving or Christmas party?How can you make mashed potatoes lower in calories and fat but still keep that delicious taste?Everyone loves desserts, but I get tired of serving the same old pumpkin pie or sweet potato pie. Do you have any exciting and different twists on how to spice up these recipes? If I want to try a new side dish for the holidays, what are some of your recommendations?What is one dish that you can't complete the holidays without making?
<p> I really enjoyed what he had to say. First of all, it's very cool to have an interview personalized to me. I loved his idea of serving mashed potatoes in a martini glass. It makes for a fun side dish and is more elegant than just having them on the side of your plate. Chef Eisel is very thorough and explains his ideas well so you can easily follow them. If you're looking for mashed potatoes that don't pack as high of a calorie and fat content, why not use a layer of real mashed and sweet potatoes? You'll still get that creamy, mashed potato goodness, but it'll be lower in calories.
<p> A great holiday appetizer that he suggests is serving Bob Evans sausage and cheese on toast points. Everyone always loves those and I can guarantee your tray will be cleared in no time.
<p> I will certainly be taking some of Chef Eisel's recommendations into account this Thanksgiving!
<p> Bob Evans is there to help you this holiday season with fabulous recipes and comforting food to make your holiday one you won't soon forget. For more recipes and ideas check out BobEvans.comWhat are you making for Thanksgiving? Let me know in the comments below!
<h> Wednesday, November 14, 2012
<p> Nothing is better on a cold winter's day than a bowl of chicken noodle soup. The warm, hearty and comforting soup melts everything away, leaving a smile in your stomach and on your face. I love soup throughout the cold months of the year. The best part about it is that it's so versatile that you can never tire of it. Campbell's is one soup brand that can't be ignored.
<p> Campbell's Soup is a brand of soup that has been around since 1869! I am sure you can easily understand why. The soups in the soupy lineup will leave your taste buds asking for more! Over the years new product extensions have been introduced. If you go to any supermarket, you'll find Campbell's condensed soups, Chunky, 100% Natural, Slow Kettle Style Soups, Healthy Request, and microwavable soups. There are some new products such as Gourmet Bisques, and Campbell's Go Soups. Whatever soup you like, from chicken noodle to clam chowder to chicken broccoli cheese and potato soup, they have you covered. There is a soup for everyone's taste and preference. Of course you can't forget the oyster crackers or piece of bread to dip in your soup too! I grew up eating Campbell's Soup and I have a few cans in my kitchen right this moment. I only trust Campbell's cream of mushroom soup and chicken broth when making meals that call for it.
<p> When I received the opportunity to try the new Campbell's Skillet Sauces, I was more than interested. I love anything that makes cooking easier and tastier. Who doesn't? I was sent four flavors to try: creamy chipotle with roasted corn and black beans, marsala with mushrooms and garlic, Thai green curry with lemongrass and basil, and toasted sesame with garlic and ginger. The other two flavors in the line up that I was not sent are fire roasted tomato with red bell peppers and chiles, and scampi with white wine and garlic. Each sauce packet is meant for two people. The sauce packets were sent to me in a white box exploding with silver shredded paper. How festive!
<p> It's recommended that you use the sauce with chicken, but I didn't have any chicken defrosted. When I saw the toasted sesame with garlic and ginger, I knew I wanted to combine it with rice and scallops. I thought it would be fun to bring a a little Asian flair to my kitchen. I love to cook and anytime I can try something new in the kitchen, it makes me happy.
<p> The sauces are very easy to use, just pour over the meal and mix together. I cooked my rice and scallops and then poured the sauce over all of the food and mixed together. I did not season the rice and I only cooked the scallops in a very small amount of olive oil. Be careful though, the sauce easily pours out. Make sure you don't pour out more sauce than you want. My end result looked like this:
<p> How great does that look? The entire meal was ready to eat in just 22 minutes! Yes, I'll share!
<p> The sauce really complimented my rice and scallops wonderfully. I even threw in some crunchy noodles for added texture. The decadent sauce turned my food a lovely toasted shade of brown. I instantly could taste the sesame flavor the second I had my first bite. The sesame flavor is light, but subtle. Next a layer of ginger and garlic danced on my tongue. The ginger was zippy and gave the sauce a touch of spice, which was nice. The spice brought extra depth to the meal, which I enjoyed. The sauce is very light, not heavy and thick at all. What's great is that the toasted sesame and ginger and garlic are flavors that work marvelously together and they all combine to form a sauce that will make your taste-buds explode! I usually just season rice with some all-spice or stir-fry sauce, but this time I wanted something different, out of the ordinary. Experimenting with new flavors with food is something that appeals to me.
<p> I really look forward to trying this sauce with chicken, fish, and other seafood too. I can't wait to pair the marsala sauce with chicken and the Thai green curry sauce with fish. I am sure it will be two meals I won't soon forget. The possibilities are endless as to how you can bring new depth and flavor to your favorite meals. Let those old favorites become brand new favorites again! It can be hard to cook healthy and tasty meals on a nightly basis if you don't have a lot of time, but thanks to Campbell's your family will crowd around the table again to enjoy a delicious meal!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received these sauces in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Tuesday, November 13, 2012
<p> If you regularly entertain and have company over, it's important to have nice, quality dishes to serve your guests with. Having a beautiful place setting is just as important as the food you serve. Warm conversation and delicious food definitely makes the occasion extra special too. When I think of quality dinnerware, this brand instantly comes to mind. Why not serve your guests this holiday season with Lenox dishware?
<p> Lenox is America's leading tabletop and giftware brand. They offer fine china, casual dinnerware, crystal, flatware, home decor and tabletop products. Lenox's main mission is making your tabletop beautiful with quality dish and flatware. There are so many styles and patterns that you'll quickly fall in love with. I could browse the website for hours. I wish I had room in my kitchen for all of the gorgeous patterns and designs. If you're looking to give your dishes a makeover, I highly suggest Lenox.
<p> I've been using the same dishes for many years and I really wanted something new and different. I love to regularly update things in my life from time to time. It's nice to have something new to look forward to. When I was offered the chance to review a gorgeous set of L by Lenox Gilded Tapestry dishes, I jumped at the opportunity. I had never had a dish set like this before and I knew I had to have it!
<p> It's okay, you can pick your jaw up off the floor now. They are beautiful, aren't they?
<p> My dish set came very quickly and I immediately opened the box to admire the contents. As soon as I saw place setting, it instantly brought a smile to my face. Each set comes with a 5 piece place setting. The place setting contains one cup and saucer, one bread plate, one salad plate, and one dinner plate. What I love most about this dish set is that it looks straight out of 1975. I really enjoy mixing modern kitchenware with old. I have old matching Corelle cups and saucers from the late 70's that I pair with modern day dessert plates when I serve company. The contrast is fun and funky. Even though these aren't technically old, I love the fact that they look vintagey. The gorgeous flower pattern along with the bright and vivid colors is utter perfection. Each item has a different pattern and they look fantastic when they are set on the table all together. The dishes are very high quality and built to serve you for many years to come.
<p> The best thing about this set is that it's oven, microwave, and dishwasher safe. I can't wait to use these regularly. My food won't know what hit it when it's served on these plates! If you're looking for something other than your china to serve your Thanksgiving or Christmas dinners this year, why not consider Lenox? They can dress up your holiday table in no time! You can buy the set here.
<h> Monday, November 12, 2012
<p> I've suffered from migraines for the past 10 years of my life. They are usually mild to moderate, but sometimes can be severe. Migraines are horrible and if you suffer from them, then you understand completely how I feel. I'm sensitive to light and sometimes sound when I get these pesky things. It usually can help to reduce the pain if I take medicine right away, but if I wait too long then it's too late. The migraine is there to stay for some time. Stress and lack of sleep usually bring them on. I'm always researching online ways to prevent migraines and figure out what triggers them.
<p> Excedrin Migraine is the #1 neurologist recommended over-the-counter brand for migraine relief. It offers convenient and effective relief for migraines, and was the first non-prescription medicine approved by the FDA to treat all symptoms of a migraine. Excedrin's migraine medication was amazing. It helped my migraines so much. They recently recalled it which I was upset over since it was my go-to medication. I've since gotten a migraine prescription which is working well. It is now back on the shelves.
<p> I recently was asked to be an Excedrin Blogger Ambassador, which I am so excited about! It's very rewarding to be an ambassador for a company that I highly respect. I'm also looking forward to connecting with other bloggers and sharing tips, stories, and advice.
<p> I was sent an iPod Touch by Excedrin and told to use a special app on it to track my migraines. The makers of Excedrin along with a leading neurologist, recently developed a new app called My Migraine Triggers. This is available through the iTunes store and is free to download. With this app, migraine sufferers can track their migraine triggers and gather the data put into reports and charts that can easily be shared with physicians.
<p> My migraines are tracked in a little notebook that I keep in my purse. I usually can tell if a migraine is coming that day or not. Everyday I either record my migraines, or if I get lucky enough not to have one, I write "no migraine day!" on the page. When I do have one, I list which side of my head it's occuring on, what I think the possible triggers could be (lack of sleep, too much salt, etc) and how severe it is. I use the ranking of 1-10 for severity, with 10 being the highest. Luckily I've never had a 10 before, I imagine that would be pretty scary. My migraines are usually around a 3-4. Sometimes they can be a 5 but I'm grateful that they are mild to moderate. The pain usually lasts anywhere from 5 to 8 hours. It really helps me to lay down and close my eyes and put a heated wrap on my head. If I am at work or out in public, it can be really difficult to deal with the migraines. I just have to hope that my medicine kicks in quickly enough to help.
<p> The app that I've downloaded is wonderful. It asks you questions about your migraines, and you fill in the answers. The questions are more in depth then the information I used to write down in my notepad. The app asks you things such as what time did the migraine start, how long did it last, how intense was the pain, were warning signs there, did you skip any meals, etc. These questions are helpful in knowing everything you can about this attack. It saves your migraine information daily, so you can go back and look at it whenever you want. The best part about this app is that you can send your migraine information and trigger chart over to your doctor through email. How amazing is that? You don't even have to make an appointment to see your doctor, just send them the chart and information and they can respond with their thoughts and advice! If you don't want to email over the information, you can print it out and share it with them that way. I have not shared the app info with my doctor yet, but I will be very soon.
<p> I truly believe this app is a lifesaver. I love the fact that it exists and is there to help me as much as possible. I don't know how I lived life without it before. I look forward to using it on a daily basis.
<p> If you suffer from migraines, what do you do to track them? What are some of your triggers? I'd love to hear from you in the comments. Excedrin would also love for you to visit their Facebook page and chime in with its audience for migraine support. Please feel free to download the app at MigraineResource.com. It will truly change your life.
<p> These Elos skin treatment products feature Advanced Skin Brightening Technology, which utilizes a patented natural enzyme formulation known as Melanozyme. Even the most stubborn of discoloration in skin can be quickly minimized using the range of luxurious skin products, which also have the effect of correcting uneven skin tone, revealing a brighter, more radiant complexion. And all this can be achieved in less than 28 days.
<p> The eLure range includes:
<p> The Advanced Lightening Lotion is a rebalancing skin lotion containing Melanonzyme, which brightens,
<p> softens, soothes and replenishes the skin. It is suitable for use both during the day and at night.
<p> The Advanced Brightening Night Cream features a moisture rich formula, and advanced recovery hydration complex, with the addition of Melanonzyme. After use, skin looks visibly softer and brighter –for use as part of a night-time regimen.
<p> The Advanced Skin Brightening Technology works best when used in conjunction with eLure’s Advanced Facial Wash. Lathering into a rich, creamy foam, the cleanser removes dead skin cells and dirt, transforming tired, dull-looking skin into skin which looks refreshed and rejuvenated.
<p> Safe and Non-Irritating to Skin:
<p> Unlike many other skin treatment creams and lotions, eLure contains no hydroquinone, or acids, which means there is far less likelihood of any redness or flakiness in the skin. Products can be used just like any other facial cream, under make-up, as well as in conjunction with other beauty regimens.
<p> Clinically Proven:
<p> eLure products have been clinically researched, and found to produce far faster results in skin appearance compared to other competitive products on the market. According to a Skin Brightening Study conducted by Dermscan, after using the products for 28 days, 82% of patients showed a significant decrease in their Melanin levels, while 91% demonstrated overall improvement in skin tone and fairness of complexion.
<h> Saturday, November 10, 2012
<p> Thanksgiving will be here before you know it. If you have the same dilemma each year--what to do with all of that leftover turkey, I have some great recipe ideas for you!
<p> Jennie-O has some wholesome and delicious post-Thanksgiving recipes, which families won’t even recognize as leftovers.
<p> While lean, tender turkey is an excellent addition to mom’s meal cycle year-round, it’s especially true during the holidays, when something must be done about the leftovers taking up that precious real estate in the fridge.
<p> If those leftover cold turkey sandwiches are starting to seem bland and boring, take advantage of this year’s extras and “Make The Switch” to fun and creative turkey meals with these tasty recipes from Jennie-O, a brand that is on a mission to show it’s easy to eat well with lean, delicious turkey:
<p> Heat oven to 450ºF. Coat a large skillet with cooking spray. Heat over medium-high heat; add garlic; cook 1 minute. Add turkey strips; sprinkle with rosemary, salt, and red pepper flakes. Stir fry 3-5 minutes or until turkey is well-done, 165°F. as measured by a meat thermometer. Place pizza crust on a large cookie sheet; top with tomatoes, cooked turkey mixture, olives, and cheese. Bake about 10 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Sprinkle with basil leaves; cut into wedges.
<h> Friday, November 9, 2012
<p> There are certain foods that I reserve for special occasions, celebrations, or just as a treat. Steak and seafood are two foods that come to mind. I certainly don't buy these on a regular basis. I feel that not enjoying these foods often makes them more important and meaningful when you do eat them. It's okay to treat yourself every once in a while, go ahead!
<p> The Tender Filet makes all of your frozen meat and seafood dreams come true. If you're looking for premium aged steaks, specialty beef and burgers, and fresh seafood, they have you covered. Of course chicken, pork, and lamb is also available. Want something other than meat? No problem! How about trying the breaded veal parmesan cutlets or a country chicken puff? Sounds delicious to me. Wonderful side dishes, soups and appetizers are available too. Would you like to sink your teeth into a butternut squash risotto, garlic breaded mozzarella sticks or a tomato florentine soup? I know I would! You can't forget about dessert either. End the meal with a piece of decadent triple berry cheesecake or a slice of heavenly citrus cool lemon cake. It will be one meal you won't soon forget!
<p> I really loved looking at the pictures of all of the available food items for order. I certainly was in food bliss! Everything looked utterly fabulous. When I was told I could review an item from the website, I was very excited. I knew I wanted to choose something out of the ordinary, something I don't regularly eat. The four, 4oz Filet Mignons made my mouth water and definitely stood out. I eagerly awaited their arrival.
<p> The meats were very quickly shipped to me and arrived with fabulous garlic butter. I had never heard of a butter so delicious, and I couldn't wait to try it. The steaks were vacuum packed sealed and just waiting to meet their match in my oven.
<p> I followed the cooking directions and pretty soon the aroma of Filet Mignons wafted through my kitchen and I felt like I was in a four star restaurant. It smelled out of this world. Once they were done, it was time to eat! I served the steaks with seasoned mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus. This was a true meal fit for a king!
<p> The meat was perfectly cooked, beyond tender, fresh, and extremely flavorful. They were seasoned well. Each bite was melt in your mouth delicious and bursting with amazing flavor. I've not had a steak this good in a while. Don't be fooled by their size, even though they are only 4 oz, they pack a ton of flavor!
<p> The garlic butter was also delicious. I put a little bit on top of my steak. The garlic flavor was noticeable, but not overly prominent. It complimented the steak well and brought an extra bit of pizazz to the meal. I couldn't have asked for a more delicious meal and it certainly was a true treat to enjoy these Filet Mignons.
<p> Christmas is rapidly approaching and a shipment from The Tender Filet would make a wonderful present for a friend or relative. They will be blown away with the high quality of taste and flavor from something that arrives in the mail to them!
<h> Thursday, November 8, 2012
<p> Now that it's Fall, I live in boots. I dread the cold months of the year, but boots are my only favorite thing about them. They keep your feet warm, and look great paired with pants, skirts, and even dresses. The fact that they are stylish doesn't hurt either. I'm a firm believer that you should always start out every new fall or winter season with a fabulous pair of boots. Why not treat yourself to a new pair today?
<p> Cobb Hill Shoes offers stylish shoes for women in a range of options. Whether you need casual or dressy, this is the brand for you. There are a wide selection of boots, flats, heels and pumps just to name a few. The shoes are quality made and built to last. A lot of the shoes would look great at the office too. When I received the chance to review a pair of Cobb Hill shoes, I was very excited. My closet smiled at the thought of a new addition, and of course I wanted to make it happy. I browsed the site and saw many pairs of shoes that caught my eye. With each click of my mouse, I drifted further and further into shoe heaven. I finally stumbled onto the pair of shoes of my dreams.
<p> The Bridget boots in black were exactly what I needed. I currently have a few pairs of black boots, but not like these. I was looking for something edgy and different, and this fit the bill excellently. Shortly after requesting them, my shoes showed up at my door. I opened the box and immediately admired their beauty! The riding boot style is perfect because I can wear them for long periods of time without my feet hurting, unlike heeled boots. The silver buckle on the side gives a great added touch of personality. The black hue is rich and deep and pairs perfectly with many colors.
<p> The boots fit like a dream. The second I put them on, I knew they were a keeper, and extremely comfortable too. The leather is soft and supple. Some boots are either a hit or miss with comfort, this was certainly a hit. The zipper zips up and down effortlessly and did not get stuck at all. They seem constructed well and will be long lasting. The sole provides wonderful support. I like that the boot had some weight to it, which means it is solidly made.
<p> Since boots are such a versatile shoe, you can easily pair them with so many different outfits. I love to wear boots with skinny jeans. The jeans tuck easily into my jeans and look great. I will certainly be wearing these whenever I can! Thank you to Cobb Hill Shoes for making my shoe dreams come true.
<p> I always bring my Kindle and iPad with me everywhere. Any kind of travel I do, the devices are always with me. I also always keep a notepad with me because I'm always writing things down. Whether I have to call someone back, pick up something at the store, or even if I have an idea for my blog, I write it down. The Kindle case, iPad case and notepad take up a lot of room in my bag though. Wouldn't it be nice if I could have a combined case featuring a notepad that also holds my electronic devices? The Tablet Cover Shop makes those dreams a reality.
<p> The Tablet Cover Shop is an innovative company that combines iPad and Kindle cases with notepads! How convenient and revolutionary is that? The case folds open to reveal a notepad on one side, a 2-in-one pen stylus in the middle, and a space for your electronic device on the other side. Elastic bands secure the notepad, Kindle and iPad for you. You can rearrange the position of the device and notepad too which is great, depending on if you're left-handed or right handed. There are many different pattern choices of cases depending on your tastes. I can guarantee there is a case that you'll instantly love. The case is foldable, which allows it to be a stand for the Kindle or iPad in several configurations. The unit stays securely closed with a magnetic tab.
<p> I was sent three different cases for review. A Spice Bouquet Kindle Case, and a Marche de Fleurs Kindle and iPad case. I like having two different cases to interchange my devices with, depending on my mood for that day.
<p> As soon as I saw the Spice Bouquet case, I knew I had to have it. I was instantly attracted to the bright and beautiful vintage design. The colors are full of life and personality and really jump out at you. I really love the flower and butterfly pattern, it's adorable. The case is very much my taste and I feel represents me well. The matching notepad inside is great and it has a big flower on the bottom corner. What I like about the notepad most is that the flower doesn't take up the entire page, so there is a lot of room to write. The orange interior background is cheerful and brightens your mood the second you lay eyes on it. My Kindle fits in the elastic straps with ease. I have not had any issues with it coming loose or falling out whatsoever. I did change the positioning inside and I moved my Kindle to the left and I have the notepad in the middle. This is easier for me and works better.
<p> I love having the attached stylus/pen too. I'm always searching for a pen in the bottom of my purse which is frustrating. Ladies, you know how I feel! I've already taken this case with me and it's been beyond convenient. The pen ink continuously flows and allows me to write down my thoughts or anything that I need to remember. I am enjoying having everything together in one case. It makes my life much easier. The case seems to be very durable and made well. It fits in my purse comfortably and is not too heavy to carry around. I'm definitely going to be using this product for some time to come.
<p> This is the Marche de Fleurs case which I was sent in a Kindle and iPad version, but each version looks exactly the same. Tablet Cover Shop really knows me well, as they sent me two designs which both have an antique feel that is right up my alley. The beautiful rose on the front with the French lettering is appealing for many. Inside, you again have a matching notepad with a rose pattern on it. The iPad notepad is much bigger than the Kindle version. I wish the notepad had less of the design on it so there was more room to write, but that's not a huge issue. The print inside the case is simply gorgeous and the cream, black and floral colors look beautiful together.
<p> I switched the positioning and put my iPad on the left side and the notepad in the middle again. The great thing about this case is that it's compatible with the iPad 1, 2, and 3. So no matter what version you have, don't worry it will fit! Using a stylus with an iPad makes life so much easier. No more selecting options that you don't want. Once you're done with the stylus put it back inside the elastic straps and it will be there waiting for you next time you need it. The case is made well and I'm sure will last me for some time to come.
<p> Your kids will love the iPad case when you position it for them as a stand so they can watch videos and movies on it too. Bring it on the car or plane for them when you travel. You can also use the stand feature when you have a presentation on your iPad for work or school. The possibilities for this wonderful product are endless. I am grateful that I have now found something that makes life more convenient and less hectic.
<p> The holidays are rapidly approaching and I'm sure a friend or family member would love a Kindle or iPad case for Christmas. This would make the perfect gift for a student, a writer, or anyone in between. Let the Tablet Cover Shop bring a smile to their face!
<h> Tuesday, November 6, 2012
<p> I'm more of a wine drinker now than I used to be. For years I didn't enjoy wine at all, but now I've slowly started liking it. My favorite wine is Prosecco. I'm always on the lookout for new wines to try. Certain wines pair well with different foods and I like to experiment to find those. When I was introduced to California Wine Club, I was looking forward to joining a club involving the delectable vino!
<p> California Wine Club is a service that sends out bottles of wine to its members on a monthly basis. With four wine of the month clubs to choose from, they have wine selections and gifts to suit all budgets and tastes. The Premier Club is California Wine Club's most popular. The Signature Series is for wine collectors and connoisseurs, while the International Selections are from small "mom and pop" wineries around the world. Finally, the Aged Cabernet Series is Napa's most prestigious Cabernets aged 8-12 years. The quality of the wine should not be a concern for you, as you will never receive any bulk closeout or private label wines ever. Each and every wine California Wine Club selects comes from a real working winery and is backed by their 100% guarantee.
<p> A membership to CWC would make an excellent Christmas or birthday present, or a housewarming present too. Delight your friends or family with a vinolicious gift that will thrill them. Why not even enroll yourself in the membership? Everyone enjoys trying new wines, right?
<p> Since I am enrolled in this club, I've received two shipments of wine. I was excited when they came because I was looking forward to expanding my wine palette.
<p> I was sent a bottle of white that was a Sauvignon Blanc, and a red which was a Tempranillo. I had never heard of Tempranillo before, but I was familiar with Sauvignon Blanc. I am not a huge fan of red wine, so I wasn't sure if I would enjoy it. I regularly drink mainly white wines. I've had many Sauvignon Blancs in the past and have really liked them. Both bottles were packaged nicely and were not broken when I received them.
<p> Unfortunately I forgot to take a picture of the white wine before I tried it. I did remember to take a picture of the red wine. Sorry about that.
<p> I tried both wines at room temperature. I first sampled the red wine. I enjoyed the clean and simple design of the bottle and the label. Red wine doesn't have to have a ton of bells and whistles, just enjoy the simplicity of it. The aroma of the wine reminded me of the holidays. Wine brings families and friends together and this is immediately what I thought of when I sniffed it. The color of the red was beautiful and vibrant. It poured easily and effortlessly. I thought this wine was drier than some red wines that I had tried in the past. I did some research and found out that Tempranillo is a variety of black grapes which are widely grown to make full-bodied red wine in its native Spain. What I also discovered is that some of the tasting notes include berries, plum, vanilla, among many others. The flavor of the wine was pleasant and after a few sips I really started to enjoy it. I had never had wine that was made from black grapes before. I'm surprised that I did like it as much as I did, because I'm not usually a fan of all red wine. This would make an excellent dessert wine, and it would also pair well with a delicious Italian dinner as well.
<p> Next, I tried a glass of the white wine. The color of the wine was also beautiful. It was a perfect, almost golden color that looked great when poured in my wine glass. I smelled the wine and it had a strong scent. I wasn't sure if I would like it based on how it smelled. I took a taste test and found that it was very bitter. It was not like the typical white wines I enjoyed. I honestly did not like it. I'm sure other people would enjoy it, it just doesn't have the notes that appeal to me.
<p> I'm receiving another shipment of CWC next month and I will report back soon with more wine thoughts! :)
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to California Wine Club for sending me the complimentary wines in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Saturday, November 3, 2012
<p> Do you regularly put products in your hair such as mousse, gel, hair spray, serum, etc? If so, it's vitally essential that you use a clarifying shampoo which will remove dirt, oil, and bacteria. Having beautiful and clean hair is easy to obtain. Why not take advantage of that? Healthy Hair Plus wants your hair to look its best at all times.
<p> If you've been recently on the market for a new shampoo to treat oily hair and dandruff, I have the perfect shampoo for you! Let me introduce you to Follicleanse shampoo.
<p> This shampoo deep cleans hair follicles and scalp, remove hair product build up, oil and dirt and also promotes healthy hair growth. It clears and soothes flaking dandruff, inflammation and itching. The bonus part about the shampoo is that it clarifies for fresh clean hair and scalp. It is paraben free and is rich in zinc PCA and botanical extracts to heal and repair.
<p> This is one of Healthy Hair Plus's best selling shampoo's. If you're looking to give your hair the boost it needs, Follicleanse is waiting to help you!
