<h> Wednesday, May 1, 2013
<p> Mother's day is almost here! All moms would love the chance to be pampered on their special day. Skip the flowers, chocolate or jewelry this year and give mom what she wants most, a day of relaxation and de-stressing! WAHL is here to help you give mom a wonderful gift this May.
<p> WAHL has been manufacturing professional home styling and animal grooming products since 1919. I most recognize WAHL for their home hair trimmers, shavers and clippers for men that I've seen in retail stores. For the ladies, they offer hair removal products and massagers. Don't forget about Fido and Sparky! WAHL offers pet trimmers and grooming tools for pets. Whether you have two legs or four, WAHL is here to help you look your best.
<p> I recently discovered that WAHL sells massaging products I often have pain in my lower back when I stand for too many hours. What usually happens is that I have my fiance knead out the kinks for me and relief flows through quickly. Wouldn't it be so much nicer to have a product to help you out?
<p> WAHL offered me the opportunity to try their new hot-cold massage vibrating therapeutic gel pack. I love any kind of products that allow me to have "me time" and this one sounded right up my alley.
<p> This one-part massager, one-part hot/cold pack is the latest in a series of new pain management products from Wahl. Unlike conventional hot/cold packs, this first-of-its-kind product combines two of the most common treatments--temperature therapy and massage-- to offer a new level of pain relief. It also offers Velcro straps for hands-free use.
<p> If you're looking for total body pain relief, consider relief found! As soon as I received the product, I instantly opened it and tried it out. I opted to microwave mine for soothing heat and placed it on my aching back. The extra-thick gel pack covers large surface areas for long lasting relief. I turned on the massager and it instantly worked its magic on my sore back as I laid on the couch. I enjoyed the massaging element combined with the heat. I closed my eyes and let all of my soreness and cares float away.
<p> After about 20 minutes I felt much better and quite rejuvenated. I was impressed.
<p> I would really like to try this in the summer, but instead of heating it I'd like to stick it in the freezer. The icy cold pack would feel wonderfully refreshing after a long day in the sun. This pack would be great for anyone who works a manual labor job and needs pain relief after work. You can use it on your arm or leg or anywhere where you'd like to feel relief. I look forward to using this pack on a regular basis.
<p> This review was made possible by Mom Spark Media. Thoughts are my own. I received a Wahl Hot/Cold Massager for the purpose of this review.
<h> Sunday, April 28, 2013
<p> Have you ever wished you could change the color of the light in the room that you're in? How about purple light for a party or a dim white light for movie time? Sure you can dim a lamp or a light, but have you ever thought of changing the light in many different ways with one bulb? EasyBulb will revolutionize your lighting experience without even getting off the couch!
<p> As you can see from the image, you have many lighting options.
<p> Easybulb Smartlight is an energy efficient, multicolor LED light bulb. It can be controlled using a free app for your smartphone or tablet through wifi technology. With over 20% of your energy consumption coming from lighting average homes, Easybulb is only 6 watts and can last up to 25 years. Just think of all the money you'll save! Having Easybulb is a definite conversation starter. Delight your guests with purple or blue lighting for your next party!
<p> It's very simple to install Easybulb, just remove your old bulb and install the new one. Not only can you operate the Easybulb from a handy remote, but also from a wall switch too if you don't have a smartphone. You can turn on one light or multiple lights, without even moving an inch. Change the light or dim it, depending on your mood.
<p> I think this is the most unique and fun lighting system ever! You can also turn the lamp on in your living room from your smartphone when you're outside! That way you won't have to walk into a dark house and fumble for the light. Use EasyBulb in your home, office, hotel, restaurant, and more!
<p> If you're looking for a fun way to revolutionize your lighting experience, Easybulb is ready to assist.
<p> *You can receive 20% off your purchase by using promo code EASYLIFE101.
<h> Saturday, April 27, 2013
<p> There are two things that I love in this world, animals and food. When you combine the two, my world explodes. I recently heard about Stew Leonard's in Norwalk, CT. I was told that it's a fun grocery store experience and that there are sheep and cows in the parking lot! Animals at a grocery store?! I had to check this out for myself. I went today for the first time.
<p> Stew Leonard's is a chain of four grocery stores in Connecticut and New York. The store's fame comes from its innovative in-store marketing, which includes a barnlike wood decor, a winding path for shoppers instead of straight, parallel aisles, and animatronic singing animals perched above the shelving. As customers walk through a path of aisles, they are greeted by different employees dressed up in costumes and by animatronic favorites such as Twinkie the Kid, the Chiquita banana, and Clover, a cow's head that moos when one pulls its rope. Customers are also offered an unusually large number of food samples for a supermarket, as well as free drink samples. There are cows and sheep in the parking lot that you can feed, an ice cream section, and a floral department too! From the moment I got out of the car in the parking lot, there were people everywhere I knew I was going to have a good time. This is a wonderful place to bring the kids. Even though I'm an adult, I still had fun!
<p> I first checked out the animals. The sheep were baaaa'ing at my arrival!
<p> I enjoyed watching the animals. There were many families around and I could tell the children loved it as well. I'm a huge animal lover and any four legged friend always makes me smile.
<p> I made my way into the store to see what Stew Leonard's was offering for sale today. Everywhere I turned were cookie samples, cheese samples, beverage samples, etc. There were also visually appealing signs informing you of deals, store information, and plain witty things written on them.
<p> Each department in the store had unbeatable prices and a large selection of fresh goods. I most enjoyed my time in the bakery and cheese department! :) I sampled some cheeses and a chocolate chip cookie, both which were very tasty.
<p> What I thought was unique were the different kiosks in the main departments where you could watch cheese being made and donuts being fried, among many others. This was very unique and I really liked seeing how the items were made.
<p> I stumbled upon this in one aisle I was in. A cute, catchy tune for kids.
<p> Stew Leonards revolutionizes grocery stores and makes a mundane, everyday task fun and exciting! I've never had this much fun at a grocery store before! I don't live close enough to this location to go on a routine basis, but if I did I would go on a more frequent basis. If you haven't been to Stew Leonard's before, I urge you to go. It's a very unique and fun experience. I am glad to have found out about this entertaining concept and I will surely be back in the future!
<p> From The Lab offers monthly access to beauty products before they are mass produced. For $19.95 per month, members receive a 30-day supply of one to three full-size products (in the skin care, color cosmetics, and hair care categories), each of which could eventually retail for $40 to $200.
<p> From The Lab has direct relationships with European cosmetics labs that invent these new beauty products, meaning members will have exclusive access to them 6-18 months before they are sold in stores by major brands (such as Prada, Estee Lauder, etc.) All the standard marketing costs are eliminated for the customer, giving From The Lab members discounts of 60-90%. This business model does not exist anywhere else; From The Lab is truly the first of its kind!
<p> Sign up for From the Lab's Invitation List to enter into their free beauty box giveaway! One lucky winner from this blog will be selected to receive a free 30-day supply of luxury beauty products from the future :)
<p> Breakfast food is wonderful any time of day or night. Pancakes, french toast, and waffles are on the top of my favorites. One thing I really enjoy is having breakfast for dinner. There's something very fun and exciting about having those delicious carb filled delights at night. At IHOP your breakfast-at-night dreams become a reality.
<p> IHOP, formerly known as The International House of Pancakes specializes in breakfast foods. The menu focuses on pancakes, french toast and omelets, but there is also a selection of lunch and dinner items too. I used to love to get chocolate chip pancakes when I was younger. Now they have amazing flavors like red velvet, banana caramel and cinnamon stuffed pancakes! The french toast also comes in different mouth-watering flavors. Most recently, they have added brioche French toast! The menu always has new items on it to delight your taste buds. Anything from IHOP is the perfect comfort food.
<p> I recently had the opportunity to try IHOP's new brioche French toast. Brioche French toast!? How can it get better than that? Well it can't, my friends. They are available on the menu in three scrumptious flavors: bananas foster, peaches and cream, and berry-berry. Which flavor sounds best to you?
<p> My mind was instantly made up when I saw the berry-berry. Strawberries and blueberries are two of my favorite foods. I had never had french toast made with brioche bread before and I was intrigued by the thought.
<p> Fruity and flavorful, this new French Toast is a stack above the rest! With thick, rich brioche bread dipped in a lightly sweetened vanilla batter and grilled to golden perfection, it’s topped with blueberries and sliced strawberries (given just a hint of sweetness)—then crowned with powdered sugar and whipped topping.
<p> The French toast was absolutely beautiful. The three slices were large and in charge. I loved how they were generously topped with berries too. I poured the smallest amount of syrup on top. I wanted to taste the vanilla batter, but also have a small amount of sweetness from the syrup too. I took a bite and it was truly excellent. The brioche was thick, perfectly grilled, and it soaked up the syrup like a sponge. The vanilla flavor was noticeable and I liked the way it paired with the sweet syrup flavor. I really liked the change from traditional bread to a hearty brioche.
<p> The berries were fresh and very sweet.. Each bite was truly better than the last! I liked having a berry in each bite. The meal was sweet, but not overly sweet. This was certainly a treat and something I wouldn't have everyday. It was very worth it though! I gobbled it all up quickly and was left with a full stomach and an empty plate.
<p> I would like to replicate this recipe at home for the next time I make French toast. Let IHOP come to my kitchen, instead of me coming to theirs! :)
<p> If you're looking for a delicious treat that will warm your soul, I highly recommend trying one of the three new varieties at your local IHOP. You'll surely leave with a smile.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received an IHOP giftcard to facilitate this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, April 25, 2013
<p> I enjoy styling my hair. Curling it, blow-drying it, flat-ironing it, etc, those are all on my hair to-do list. I am always trying and experimenting with new updo's and styles. Most people don't realize that those styles that everyone loves have to begin with a good hair dryer. For that, I turn to John Frieda.
<p> John Frieda is an English celebrity hairstylist and founder of hair salons and hair products. This brand is your go-to choice for keeping your hair looking fabulous and beautiful. The brand offers shampoo and conditioners, volumizing products, serums, and of course curling irons, flat irons, and hair brushes. I've never used John Frieda hair brushes before, but have always noticed them in Target and drug stores.
<p> If you use a hair dryer ever day like me, you're going to need a hair dryer that will work for you, not against you. Make sure you use one that gives hair superior shine and conditioning. It's easy to fall into the trap of a gorgeous dryer. Your hair will never look as great from any other dryer.
<p> The JohnFrieda® Full Volume Dryer by Conair has an advanced ionic generator with titanium ceramic coating to give hair superior conditioning and shine. The true cold shot button is an essential feature that locks in curl, by instantly setting your style. Featuring two snap-on concentrators for targeted airflow, an LCD temperature control, and automatic shut off, the John Frieda® Full Volume Dryer by Conair delivers precise heat, exactly where you need it.
<p> Let the sleek dryer and fabulous features draw you in. What are you waiting for? Let John Frieda work its magic on your hair.
<p> Wearing makeup is a part of my daily life. I couldn't imagine not including it in my beauty routine. I love to experiment with new colors and shades, not to mention it's a lot of fun. Who doesn't want to change up their look every so often? It's important to express yourself and makeup is the perfect medium for doing so.
<p> Laura Mercier is a world-renowned makeup artist and creator of Laura Mercier cosmetics, skincare, body &amp; bath and fragrance. The Laura Mercier philosophy revolves around the flawless face - the concept that making skin look perfect is the first and foremost important thing a woman can do to achieve a great look. Laura believes that a flawless look begins with a fresh canvas, and each product has been specially developed to allow every woman to achieve an incredibly even, smooth, natural-looking complexion.
<p> Everything Laura Mercier creates turns to gold. I use her Almond Coconut perfume and mascara daily. I also have a few favorite shades from the nail polish line too. I achieve great results with these products and have highly recommended them to friends and family. Anything from the LM line makes a great gift for any beauty junkie.
<p> I haven't tried Laura Mercier's tinted moisturizer and welcomed the opportunity to do so. During the hotter months of the year, I like to wear tinted moisturizer. I find that when it's hot outside I have less desire to wear heavy foundation. Tinted moisturizer gives me the light coverage I'm seeking.
<p> I received a great beauty package featuring a large tube of tinted moisturizer and a tube of Hydratint SPF 15 in Rose Tint. Both of these products are great for summer.
<p> When I go to the beach or pool, I'm often self conscious of having a completely makeup-less face. Sure it'd be silly to put on full makeup to go, but I'd like some kind of coverage too. That's where the tinted moisturizer comes in.
<p> Laura Mercier created this product to give skin a healthy ‘no-makeup’ look with a soft hint of color that evens and enhances without hiding the skin. This lightweight formula provides ideal protection from the sun’s harmful, damaging rays with broad spectrum SPF 20 UVB/UVA sunscreen. Perfect for all skin types, including sensitive.
<p> I'm loving this product so far. It's SLOWLY warming up where I am and pretty soon I'll be using the product daily. I used it for the first time today. It flows out easily, just watch out since it's easy for product to leak out. It applies and rubs in easily and I'm left with a smooth, even look. My flaws and redness disappear and I have the light hint of color that I'm looking for. How can you go wrong? I really like that it contains SPF 15 to protect your skin from the sun's harsh rays. Throw this in your beach bag and you'll be good to go.
<p> I'm a chapstick junkie. I can't leave my house for work in the morning without putting on chapstick. I must have moisturized lips at all times! It seems like I'm always applying chapstick and then putting on lipstick on top of it, so I have the best of both worlds. I never thought about combining my two loves until I heard about Laura Mercier's hydratint. Color and hydration? Yes, please!
<p> I tend to like pink hued lipsticks since I am fair skinned. This hydratint applies easily and I instantly feel the hydration. The color is pretty, yet simple. I don't like dramatically bright lipsticks, so this is perfect for me. It would be perfect for day or night. It contains SPF 15 which is important.
<p> I wore this shade for many hours today and my lips didn't feel dry like I had to reapply chapstick like they normally do. I'm happy that my lips look good and are protected at the same time. The hydratints come in many different colors and can be easily thrown into your purse, or makeup bag for travel.
<p> If you're looking for some new summer beauty products, I definitely recommend Laura Mercier.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I was provided with complimentary products from Laura Mercier in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Wednesday, April 24, 2013
<p> Do you see it? Look over there! If you're wondering what you're supposed to be looking at, it's summer on the horizon of course. Since summer will be here before you know it, that means lazy days at the beach and pool. You need a great cooler to keep your drinks and chilled foods cold. Polar Bear Coolers is here to keep your hot days slightly chilly. Don't forget to pack the pasta salad!
<p> Polar Bear Coolers are the makers of high quality, soft side coolers that come in a range of sizes and styles. The coolers can even be personalized for a business or brand. They are guaranteed to be leak proof. This is not your average cooler, no way! It is built for the outdoor enthusiast. The trusty cooler keeps ice cold (and doesn't melt!) for 24 hours in 100 degree heat. It will also keep hot food hot up to 200 degrees for many hours. How fantastic is that? If you're traveling to a dinner party and bringing an appetizer or side dish, you don't have to worry about rushing to warming it up in the host's oven. Bring ice cream or frozen yogurt on car trips for a snack with no worries. This cooler would be a fantastic staple in anyone's home to take practically anywhere.
<p> I received the 24 pack soft cooler in red. I love how the red is so bright and vibrant, perfect for summer.
<p> This cooler is wonderful! It's very spacious and I can fit many things in it. It would be the essential cooler for a family of 5 or 6 to bring a lunch and snacks in to the beach or pool. There is a zippered pocket on the outside that you can store cash, keys, a credit card, etc in it. The zipper zips securely and stays shut. The shoulder strap is convenient if you'd rather wear the cooler then carry it. I don't think I've seen a cooler with straps before, that's a nice feature.
<p> The cooler is soft and comfortable to hold. It's very lightweight too. I took the cooler to the park when we had a particularly warm day a couple of days ago. I packed pasta salad and cold bottles of water. We were at the park for about 3 hours and the pasta salad was still perfectly chilled by the end of the day! I mean very cold as in I just took it out of the fridge, I was very impressed. The container did not leak or open at all.
<p> The cooler is not just for summer, oh no! If you're transporting a Christmas or Thanksgiving meal, why not use the cooler to keep it hot? It will be such a relief to not have to worry about heating up a cold food item.
<p> Polar Bear Coolers really does make your life easier and much less hectic. Consider them this summer, you'll instantly fall in love.
<h> Sunday, April 21, 2013
<p> Pretzels are one of my favorite snacks. I most enjoy the large pretzels that have the best crunch and just the slightest hint of salt. How can you go wrong with a crunchy, salty snack? When given the opportunity, I can devour a warm soft pretzel too. I don't discriminate against pretzels! I never knew that pretzel bread existed until I had a turkey burger on a pretzel bun. I was in love, not to mention hooked! Labriola Baking Company will make all of your pretzel bread dreams come true.
<p> Labriola Baking Company is one of the largest producers of pretzel bread in the country. Recently, pretzel bread has seen a spike in popularity. It isn't just about the soft pretzel anymore. The soft texture and complex flavor of pretzel bread is popping up on restaurant menus and filling bread baskets. Forget the traditional seeded bun to hold your turkey sandwich or hamburger, how about switching it up for a pretzel bun instead? Of course there's nothing wrong with warming up the bread and eating it by itself either. Pretzel bread would make an excellent gift for any foodie.
<p> I was excited when I had the opportunity to sample some pretzel bread. The day finally arrived on Friday when the pretzel gods spoke to me. I came home from work to find a large box from Labriola Baking Company. I set them free and laid my eyes on true beauties.
<p> The key to my heart.
<p> The first thing I noticed about these buns was their petite size. How adorable are they? The bag held a generous amount of "slider pretzel buns" as they are titled. I really liked how perfectly round they were, like a ball. The light brown hue was a true representation of a pretzel. Luckily I was able to pair them with dinner that night. I was looking forward to substituting a pretzel bun for an ordinary roll. I heated them up slightly in the oven for a couple minutes, just to bring out the flavor even more.
<p> I served them just by themselves, because sometimes simplicity is key. The buns were perfectly warm as I piled them into the bread basket. There was no salt on top like a regular pretzel, that was the only thing missing! When you bite into the roll, you're instantly hit with a soft and fluffy interior with a firm exterior. It's funny how bread can truly taste like a real pretzel. I even dipped it into a little olive oil which was certainly a hit at dinner. Each roll has 200 calories so you have to be careful not to go too crazy. I controlled myself and only had one. The rolls were truly delicious and I enjoyed each and every bite. I would like to experiment with the rolls in the future and serve different things inside them. I like to let my food creativity flow through.
<p> I froze the rest of the buns so I can have them throughout the coming months. If you're a pretzel fan, you must try Labriola's pretzel bread. You'll be a fan for life.
<h> Saturday, April 20, 2013
<p> Mexican food is one of those cuisines that is loved by all. Most individuals enjoy tortillas stuffed with chicken, rice, and cheese among other things. Salsa and guacamole are shining stars in my book. Pair a frozen margarita with a delicious Mexican dish and you've got it made!
<p> Casa Villa has several locations in Connecticut. They serve authentic Mexican food that is sure to please. Whether you like fish or shrimp tacos, quesadillas, skirt steak or even grilled salmon, they have you covered and of course offer much more. The food is fresh and delicious. I had the pleasure of visiting the Stamford establishment tonight and doing a restaurant review. I had never dined there before, but have always heard positive things. I'm not one to turn down Mexican cuisine, and I knew I had to try it.
<p> Upon entering the restaurant, the first thing I noticed was that it was very filled. There were many people seated and enjoying their dinner. The establishment was clean and orderly. I met with the manager right away and he was extremely courteous. He went over the menu and the nightly specials in detail with my fiancé and I. He was knowledgeable about each dish and answered any questions we had. While we settled on an appetizer, drinks and chips and salsa came. I ordered a strawberry margarita, while my fiancé had a Mexican beer.
<p> The chips and salsa were great! The warm chips were fresh and had a fabulous crunch. The flavor of the cool salsa was impeccable. You could distinctly taste the tomato and onion flavor. The small hint of spice made my taste buds sing.
<p> My strawberry margarita was my first one of the season! I loved the orange slice on the rim of the glass, along with the plump strawberry in the drink. The flavor of the margarita was outstanding. It was cold and refreshing, and just what I needed to take the heat off of the spice of the salsa. There was not too much alcohol in the drink, which is just the way I like it. Don't you want a sip?
<p> My fiancé enjoyed his Negro Modelo. This icy cold beer had a smooth flavor that complimented his meal well. The mug that accompanied the beer was even straight from the freezer!
<p> As we enjoyed our drinks, we perused the appetizer section of the menu. Many dishes caught my eye but we ultimately settled on the pork sopas. I wanted to try something unique and different, and this was certainly the right pick.
<p> Look at these beauties! I loved the plating. These pulled pork sopas were layered fabulously. On the top you have shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes. Underneath that, you have a generous layer of pulled pork that is cooked in a chipotle marinade. Lastly, you have a layer of perfectly warm black beans that will comfort your soul. The dish was delectable. The cool tomatoes and lettuce helped to cool off the spicy pork. Even though the pork was spicy, it still had an excellent, seasoned flavor. The soft black beans were warm and enveloped my heart with a beany kiss. The golden-colored sopa were thick, but not overly dense. It paired well with all of the other ingredients and I loved the simple corn flavor of it.
<p> As we ate, the waitress was very attentive. She routinely came back and made sure everything was to our liking, and checked to see if we needed anything else.
<p> Our entrees came very quickly. I ordered the salmon while my fiancé had the skirt steak.
<p> Don't you wish you could take a fork to the salmon right now?
<p> My salmon was divine! It was cooked in a lemon and white wine sauce to perfection. The dish was served with grilled veggies on the side and a generous scoop of garlic mashed potatoes. The salmon was the best I've had in a long time. It was perfectly tender and flaky. The flavor was wonderful and made my taste buds explode! The grilled veggies were seasoned well and I enjoyed the rustic taste. The mashed potatoes were wonderfully creamy and smooth. The garlic flavor was prevalent, but not overwhelming. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.
<p> My fiancé ordered the skirt steak that was served with black beans, Spanish rice, guacamole, and a single cheese enchilada.
<p> A Mexican lover's food dream
<p> My fiancé has a love affair with skirt steak. Whenever it's on a menu at a restaurant we're dining at, he's sure to order it. When he saw it on the menu, his whole face lit up. The skirt steak was ordered medium rare. It arrived perfectly cooked to his liking. There was not a lot of seasoning or sauce to mask the true flavor of the steak, but the steak arrived close to its natural state. The meat itself was tender and juicy. The black beans had a sprinkling of cheese on top which paired well with the hearty beans. He mixed the beans and cool guacamole together for the ultimate bite. The rice was soft and fluffy and had a delightful flavor. The cheese enchilada was simple and full of cheesy goodness. He was in love and this dish was the key to unlock his heart.
<p> All in all, we had a wonderful experience. The food was delicious, the servers and manager were very attentive and made sure we were satisfied. I would come back again. If you're looking for delicious Mexican food in Fairfield County in Connecticut, I highly recommend Casa Villa.
<p> I'm always on the lookout for new music. Fresh tracks are a constant in my life and hearing new and refreshing music makes me smile. Mike 13 is a master of all trades. He is a musician, producer and guitarist whose musical influences include Kanye West, DMC, Joe Budden, and much more. BD is a lyricist formely singed to LL Cool J's label.
<p> The duo was formed out of a basement in Queens, NY. I've had the pleasure of listening to some of their tracks and I really like what I hear. I would describe it as light rap mixed with pop. I could definitely picture hearing the songs on the radio. They are fun and catchy, certainly great dance music.
<h> Friday, April 19, 2013
<p> Father's Day will be here before you know it. Have you thought about what to get dad this year? What I'm sure you've given gifts over the years like a new shirt, a tie, a gift certificate, or even a new fishing rod. Why not step it up this year and give the gift of a fantastic fragrance? Any dad will love to smell good!
<p> Nautica is a global lifestyle brand that offers a wide selection of apparel for men, women and kids, as well as a large selection of housewares and more.
<p> Surprise Dad this June with Nautica Aqua Rush Gold. Lighten up your fragrance routine with a scent that embodies nautical adventure, and the exhiliration you get from being out on the water.
<p> Nautica Aqua Rush Gold celebrates the strength and masculinity of the active man with notes that include a fresh burst of lime, pitanga, and seaweed accord. The top notes combine with pink peppercorn, waterlily and jasmine flower which dried to a blend of vetiver, amber and sandalwood.
<h> Thursday, April 18, 2013
<p> Whenever I go to the drug store, I'm like a moth to a flame in the beauty product aisle. I take each product in. I want every thing I see. I dream of owning them all, until my credit card statement brings me back to life. Trying new beauty items that each promise different results is very exciting. Finding new favorites is what I'm all about.
<p> Zippo is best known for their unique collection of lighters which come in many different styles, colors and themes. Over the past few years, new product extensions have been introduced. Did you know that Zippo also produces watches, pens, outdoor accessories and even beauty products? I had no clue. Any Zippo item would make a perfect present for that diehard Zippo fan. I was intrigued that Zippo was producing beauty items and I had to check them out. Did fire come out of the top of the tube? I had to know! :)
<p> I was able to review a Zippo "The Woman" gift set which contained fragrance, moisturizing body lotion, and bath and shower cream. How could I say no to this? It came packaged in a pretty pink box.
<p> Who doesn't love a body wash that leaves you smelling delicious? This is actually my new favorite body wash. It lathers up on my loofah well and easily rinses clean. I really like the light, floral scent. I don't use body wash as much as I should, so when I had the opportunity to try this I instantly put it in my shower.
<p> My skin is always dry. I need all the help I can get. This moisturizing lotion does a great job of giving my annoyingly dry skin the hydration it craves. The lotion doesn't have a heavy scent, barely noticeable. It is non-greasy and rubs in well. I've been using this after showers, and at night. So far my legs have been feeling much less dry! I will be continuing to use this to achieve optimal results.
<p> What I first noticed about the perfume was that it flips up, like a lighter. Whoever thought of this while sitting around in a marketing meeting is genius. I've seen many perfume bottles in my day, but none compare this one. The scent is light and feminine, not overpowering at all. The notes in the scent are French black currant, green leaves and cassis, among others. I've gotten compliments on it and people can't believe it's made from a lighter brand. They think I'm joking! The scent stays on throughout the day. It's the perfect scent for spring/summer. You can't go wrong when you wear this.
<p> I am very satisfied with my Zippo gift set. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a pampering pick-me-up!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received this complimentary gift set in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based off of anything else.
