<h> Pages
<h> Saturday, June 11, 2011
<p> I'm a huge lover of kitchen appliances. A trip to Williams-Sonoma for me has the same affect that a trip to Bloomingdales has for someone (although I love clothes shopping too.) There's just something enticing and exciting about a shiny new blender or a fast and powerful stand mixer that I can't describe.
<p> Ninja is a house care brand by Euro-Pro that strives to create innovative kitchen products, showcasing design and performance. There are several different Ninja models in the brand. Each appliance juices, blends, chops, mixes, &amp; more, all in one unit! Using a Ninja appliance saves you time, money, and counterspace.
<p> I was sent the Kitchen System 1100 for review purposes.
<p> Experience Ninja's unmatched versatility. Discover how smart-speed technology and our 5-star rated multiple blade system make it easy to juice, blend, chop, and mix just about everything - from frozen drinks and soups to ice cream and pizza dough. It's more than a food processor. It's more than a blender. It's the Ninja Kitchen System.
<p> Ninja Kitchen System Base and 40 oz. Processing Bowl with Blade and Lid
<p> Get the best result every time thanks to easy-to-use controls and a smart design that automatically adjusts the motor speed to the consistency of the ingredients.
<p> 72 oz. Pitcher with Blade and Lid
<p> Use the extra large pitcher for tall orders - whether you have a large family, are a health enthusiast, or like to entertain, you can make all the drinks you need and more!
<p> Whisk Attachment, Dough Hook and Dough Paddle
<p> Make homemade dough, batter, and more - easily! Pizza, biscuits, bread, and desserts at the touch of a button!
<p> This unit is amazing. First of all it is very attractive and I love that it's black and chrome. I have a small kitchen with little counter space, so it's hard for me to store too many appliances in it. I do have a blender, mixer, food chopper, and food processor though. It's annoying to have to lug it out and clean it each time I use it. The Ninja is truly revolutionizing my kitchen space! The unit combines all of those appliances in one, and does so many awesome tasks. It makes my life so much easier.
<p> The Ninja is easy to operate and very user friendly. The different attachments are easily attachable and removable as well. You just press the button for whatever you are making and the Ninja goes to work. Whether you want to pulse, chop ice for drinks (there's a button just for that!) dough, or blend, it does it all with ease.
<p> I used the Ninja two days ago to chop large almonds for baking. With my old chopper I had to press the chop button quite a few times to get the desired consistency, it wasn't an automatic fine chop. The Ninja has very sharp blades and almost instantly finely chopped my almonds. I was very impressed and now plan on getting rid of all of my other appliances and making room for the star of the show!
<p> This morning I made a smoothie for breakfast. I put in bananas, strawberries, a few blueberries, some milk, ice, and yogurt. I gave the Ninja a whirl and mere seconds later my breakfast was ready! The smoothie was cold, creamy, and delicious. There were no fruit chunks or unblended particles at all in the drink. The consistency was perfect and delicious. Since it's hot out, it would be fun to make frozen margaritas or strawberry daquiri's. Since the Ninja has a large 72 oz pitcher, it would be awesome for parties.
<p> The Ninja and blades are dishwasher safe to make your life easier. I would love to use the unit for making cookie or pizza dough in the future. I truly love how versatile this machine is. It does any job that you need extremely well. I never thought that I would own a machine that can make cookies, ice cream, dough, chop veggies, and make a milkshake all in one. It looks great sitting on my counter too. Thanks Ninja for changing the way I cook and bake!
<h> Wednesday, June 8, 2011
<p> My dog Colby lives for treats, literally. Her whole life revolves around treats and she tries to get as many a day as possible. She's a little piggy but she's my baby so of course I give her what makes her happy :)
<p> Three Dog Bakery makes the best all natural, oven-baked dog treats, pastries, and food. They select premium all natural ingredients and then oven bake them to perfection. They do NOT add chemicals, fillers, or refined sugars-only the best dog food for their companions! It's their way of helping your (and our) pets live a long, healthy, happy, tail-wagging life. In fact, this is why dogs love them!
<p> Colby was sent two bags of treats. She received banana split and strawberry cremes.
<p> Colby went crazy for these treats. I gave her a strawberry creme treat first. They are the perfect size for her because she's a small dog. The treat is a cute pink color and a fun shape. It has real strawberry and cream flavor. She sniffed the treat and wagged her tail, looked at me to make sure it was okay that she eats it, and gobbled it up! She wagged her tail afterwards and licked her lips which signified that she absolutely loved it! She looked at me for another one because she can be slightly greedy.
<p> I gave her the banana split treat the next day. This treat is made with real carrots, peanuts, banana, and cherry flavors. I've never given Colby a treat like this before, so I wasn't sure what she would think. She didn't waste a second trying to see if it was okay if she ate it. The second I put it in her bowl she ate it happily. I liked how these treats were also small and the right size for her. The treats are multi-colored and easily distinguishable by flavor in the bag.
<p> One lucky winner will win a basket of dog treats and items for their furbaby. (Items possibly subject to change upon winner's receipt)
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a basket of dog items and treats for their pooch.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 22, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed.One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck!Disclaimer-I was provided a product in exchange for my review.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer.Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways.IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, June 7, 2011
<p> When I think of premium ice cream, Haagen-Dazs is the first brand that comes to mind. I associate them with sweet creamy and rich ice cream that is sure to satisfy. Since the warm weather is finally here, why not sit back in a lounge chair poolside enjoying Haagen-Dazs ice cream?
<p> The philosophy of Haagen-Dazs is simple: find the purest and finest ingredients in the world and craft them into the best ice cream, sorbet, and frozen yogurt available. It is a way of doing business that is as demanding as it is uncommon. and it is the reason why the brand has epitomized fine ice cream for nearly half a century. The brand offers super premium ice cream, gelato, sorbet and frozen yogurt. The treats offered from this brand are wonderful. Whether you'd like plain vanilla, chocolate, or even cookie dough ice cream, they have you covered with many other flavors as well. The Haagen-Dazs stores also sell sinfully delicious milkshakes and sundaes too. You'll fall in love with their ice cream as soon as you wrap your lips around the spoon!
<p> So far I have only tried the Vanilla Chocolate ice cream cone. Of course I am a huge chocoholic and the box was calling my name as soon as Fed-Ex dropped off my package! I love that these are small, snack-sized cones because they are not too large to ruin a diet, but just enough of a treat to satisfy that sweet tooth.
<p> Upon first look at the heavenly cone, your eyes are met with such a luscious looking treat. When you take that first bite, your taste buds are presented with sweet and creamy vanilla ice cream that is simply perfect, along with a fabulously crunchy waffle cone. The chocolate sauce on top is rich and combines perfectly with the fabulous vanilla ice cream. The roasted almonds on top are the perfect bonus for adding an awesome crunch to an already delectable treat. The cone is lined with wonderful milk chocolate and when you reach the chocolatey surprise inside, it's the best thing ever. The vanilla and chocolate together is such a fantastic combination. This cone was a little piece of heaven that was beyond amazing.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking FIVE (5) winners for this contest. Five winners will win a free product coupon for Haagen-Dazs snack-sized ice cream cones.YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what your favorite Haagen-Dazs flavor is. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 21, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed.One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck!Disclaimer-I was provided a product in exchange for my review.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer.Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways.IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, June 6, 2011
<p> Cookies are so comforting. Whether you're enjoying an oatmeal, chocolate chip, or sugar cookie they instantly wash a sense of calm and happiness over you. You feel so at peace when you're enjoying this delightful treat. Well now the cookies have the same feeling too because Smiley Cookies are literally smiling!
<p> Smiley Cookies started as a half-baked idea more than 20 years ago — a smiley cookie as the vehicle to communicate the ethos of a restaurant — Eat’n Park, the Place for Smiles. Soon our cookie became not just the signifier of a delightful family dining experience, but a symbol of commitment to community and charitable giving, indeed, the mascot of the company. (Who knew a six-foot walking sugar cookie would have such draw. You have to be cracking a smile by now!)
<p> Today, every child that dines at Eat’n Park receives the surprise of a buttery, rich, delicious smiley cookie, totaling more than 1 million free cookie treats each year. Every day, our cookies are distributed to community, charity and fundraising events. Every year, more than 200,000 smiling cookies are donated to local non-profit organizations. That’s a lot to smile about.
<p> What's not to love about a delicious cookie with a contagious smile? Not much else if you ask me!
<p> For the chocholics out there Smiley Cookies also come in a dark or milk chocolate variety. Gift baskets are also available with your choice of Smiley Cookie and item(s).
<p> These cookies would be great as a housewarming present, birthday gift, thinking of you, new baby, get well soon, and anything else you can think of! Anyone who receives these cookies will absolutely love them.
<p> One lucky winner will win a gift basket of Smiley Cookies featuring two dozen Smiley Cookies.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:
<p> 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Smiley Face basket featuring two dozen Smiley Cookies.YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why you love Smiley Cookies. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 20, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed.One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck!Disclaimer-I was provided a product in exchange for my review.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer.Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways.IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Sunday, June 5, 2011
<p> Popcorn is a favorite snack of mine. I love the crunchy exterior that it has along with the aromatic flavor of butter or seasalt. Popcorn can be enjoyed in so many ways, but my favorite way to enjoy this delightful treat is air popped with just a hint of melted butter poured over it. Healthy and delicious!
<p> Weaver Gold is the first microwave popcorn made with olive oil. Our popcorn delivers exceptional taste and better nutrition! The company is based in Indiana and was founded in 1928 by Reverend Ira Weaver. Popcorn has been their only business for more than 80 years. They control the quality every step of the way, from seed to package, and their popcorn is 100% GMO-free. Weaver Popcorn distributes popcorn in more than 90 countries.
<p> I was sent two delicious flavors of Weaver Gold popcorn, movie theater butter and parmesean with Italian herbs and garlic. I had never tried popcorn with olive oil before so I was intrigued by the thought of it. A uniquely fresh and flavorful taste. The perfect balance of Tuscan-inspired flavors with savory parmesan, Italian herbs and a hint of garlic in every bite.
<p> The extraordinary buttery taste you crave with a rich aroma that makes it hard to keep this snack all to yourself.
<p> I first sampled the parmesean with Italian herbs and garlic. I wasn't sure if I was going to like it at first because I was worried the garlic flavor would be very strong. That wasn't the case at all. The popcorn smelled heavenly as it was popping in the microwave. I couldn't wait to dig in. As I opened the bag I was hit with the potent flavors of garlic and cheese all at once and it smelled fantastic! Upon first bite, I tasted the crunchy popcorn exterior and my tastebuds were met with a strong burst of parmesean and a hint of garlic flavor that was out of this world! I was in popcorn bliss and loving every minute of it. I noticed a subtle herb flavor which gave the popcorn a nice kick of personality. Each bite of popcorn had an equal balance of flavors and it was truly addicting! I couldn't believe that this was microwavable popcorn, it tasted like high quality gourmet popcorn that you would receive in a tin! It was marvelous and I highly enjoyed it.
<p> Next, I sampled the movie theatre butter style popcorn. I patiently stood by the microwave watching the seconds tick down and waiting for the popcorn to pop. I knew that this snack had a date with my stomach! The popcorn smelled so mouth-wateringly delicious. I tried a few pieces and it was pure bliss. I loved that the movie theatre style popcorn was now in my kitchen. The only thing missing was a 60" screen and a movie playing in my living room! The popcorn was excellently crunchy and had a marvelous butter flavor. This snack is definitely a comfort food. The flavor of the butter was not overwhelming, but just perfect. Each bite was better than the first and I had to stop myself as to not eat the entire bag all at once! It was by far the best microwavable popcorn I've ever had. I highly recommend it.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will win both varieties of popcorn that I reviewed.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me which type of popcorn is your favorite. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 17, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed.One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck!Disclaimer-I was provided a product in exchange for my review.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer.Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways.IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Saturday, June 4, 2011
<p> I've been aware of Black and Decker products for years. They are known for their stylish appearance as well as reliability and durability. My toaster oven is Black and Decker and I've had great results with it for the year that I've owned it. This company produces products that are essential in life and provide excellent results.
<p> Black and Decker provides consumers with products that help make everyday living and working easier and more efficient. They've been doing it for 100 years, and they plan to continue doing so, with the same passion and innovation.
<p> I was sent a Black and Decker Steam Mop for review purposes. I have used it once already and completely fallen in love with it and don't know how I never cleaned with one before!
<p> (Showing how it easily gets into tight corners.) (Goes under furniture with ease.)
<p> The steam mop is very easy to use. All you do is fill the tool with water and you're good to go. The cleaning device is ready quickly with its speedy 15-second heat-up time. A ready-to-go tank illumination changes from red to blue so users know when the water reaches the correct temperature for use. With swivel steering, users can maneuver easily around furniture and into corners, and the Black &amp; Decker Steam-Mop automatically shuts off the steam when parked upright for those quick pauses during cleaning. This device is really fantastic because it truly focuses on the needs of a consumer. If you're a parent and you have to quickly attend to your child in the middle of your chores, the steam mop has you in mind so you aren't wasting steam and leaving the unit burning energy and power.
<p> The steam mop has a very unique feature called smart select technology. With this unique technology, simply turn the dial to the specific floor type―sealed hardwood/laminate, tile/vinyl, or stone/marble―and the mop automatically releases the right amount of steam. SmartSelect helps to achieve a worry-free, deep down clean on all sealed hard floors and is even safe on sealed hardwoods. This is such an awesome feature that really makes my cleaning easier. Instead of using too much or too little steam, I am using just the right amount for my floor type.
<p> I used this steam mop the other day to clean my floors and I was truly amazed. The device is not heavy or bulky to push at all and it went underneath my couch and around tight corners with ease! It is very lightweight and it makes me enjoy cleaning, instead of looking at it like a chore. The unit is attractive and stylish to boot. I love that it uses reusable and washable microfiber pads instead of pads that are disposable and become costly in the long run. A really convenient feature about the device is that it has a hands-free pad removal for easy release by simply stepping on the pad to remove it.
<p> The fabulous thing about the mop is that it doesn't use a harsh cleaning solution that is harsh smelling or toxic to children and animals. You use regular tap water to wipe out 99.9% of germs to achieve a clean home the all-natural way. Parents of kids and pets alike will enjoy this quick and easy way of achieving a thorough clean. The steam is powerful and coats my floors evenly and quickly with the germ fighting power of steam. The mop holds enough water to run for about 25 minutes continuously which gives me enough time to do a few rooms at a time. I truly felt like my floors were clean when I was finished using the mop and I was impressed. The steam dried quickly and didn't leave a shiny residue like some cleaning mops do. I was truly satisfied with the results and will definitely recommend this cleaning tool to everyone I know. It revolutionizes your cleaning!
<h> Friday, June 3, 2011
<p> I'm not a huge drinker but I like to enjoy a drink from time to time. A cold sparkling drink is the perfect way to end a hot summer night. It's also nice to sit around with friends having good conversation over delicious drinks.
<p> De Bortoli Wines is a third generation family wine company established by Vittorio and Giuseppina De Bortoli in 1928. The couple emigrated to Australia from Northern Italy, from mountain villages at the foothills of the Italian Alps, near the historic town of Asolo. They make such wine favorites as Riesling, Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio, and more. The fine wines are made with care and dedication.
<p> I received two sparkling wines to review. I have never tried sparkling wine before and was interested to sample them. I had imagined it would be something like champagne? I received sparkling Pinot Grigio, and sparkling Sauvignon Blanc. The bottles were very stylish.
<p> These pictures are just absolutely gorgeous. They capture the true beauty of the sparkling wine.
<p> Both wines had a great flavor, although I preferred the Pinot Grigio. The Pinot Grigio has a very light and crisp flavor although slightly bitter. It smelled very fresh and flavorful. It's best to serve this wine very cold. Upon first taste, the taste of the grapes was very prevalent and my tastebuds were hit with a wave of sparkling essence. The sparkling aspect of the wine was subtle, but not overwhelming at all. It was very pleasant and nothing like the carbonation level of a soda. The bubbles tickled your tongue as you drank it. The color of the wine is a perfect toasted color, similar to that of a champagne color. The wine went down smoothly and easily. I really enjoyed sampling such a great wine with a unique twist.
<p> The Sauvignon Blanc is a fine wine that has a very aromatic personality and distinct flavor. It would be a great dinner wine to have. I've only had Sauvignon Blanc once before sampling this sparkling wine, but I know it is very popular. I liked this wine but the flavor (in my opinion) takes some getting used to. The flavor is strong and powerful, I feel. The sparkling aspect of the wine paired very well with the taste and it was very refreshing and unlike anything I had tasted before. I think any Sauvignon Blanc lover would really love to try this new version of an old classic.
<h> Thursday, June 2, 2011
<p> My apartment doesn't have a dishwasher (yes don't remind me, I wish I had one!) so I need to make sure my dishes are hand-washed as well as possible. I've been using Brillo for years and I really trust their products to help me get my silverware and plates sparkling clean.
<p> Brillo has been a trusted name in household cleaning for over 88 years. Brillo offers classic products that are unmatched for tough, heavy-duty cleaning and new ones that are perfect for everyday needs on all sorts of items.
<p> I was sent a variety of items to review. I received Brillo soap pads, Brillo Estracell sponge wipes, and Brillo Estracell scrub sponges with wedge edge. All of these products are awesome for doing the dishes and also for other cleaning jobs around your home.
<p> I grew up with my whole family using Brillo steel wool soap pads. My grandma used it, my mom uses it, and now I use it. It is perfect for washing out stainless steel pots and pans, a coffee cup, or a dish. Just be careful to not use it on teflon! The beauty of it is that you don't have to use anything else with it. The soap contained inside the pad foams up enough and does a great cleaning job that you don't need any other dish liquid with it. Simply rinse clean after you've soaped up that pot or dish and you will instantly notice how clean it is. I love that such a small cleaning tool can do such a powerful job. It is also lemon-scented, which is pleasant.
<p> The sponge wipes are awesome! They are made from a polyester-type material which, according to the company, cleans better, is more sanitary, and rinses and dries faster. These sponges are not a host for germs and bacteria, like traditional cellulose sponges are. Just thinking about a regular sponge and how bacteria filled it is makes me cringe! These Brillo sponge wipes are thinner than a regular sponge but bigger in size. The sponge wipe was easy to grip and did a fantastic job of cleaning my counter top, stove top, and even sink top! It easily rinsed clean and I was very impressed with the way it cleaned surfaces. I have not tried this product on dishes, although I'm sure it would do a fantastic job too.
<p> Lastly, the scrub sponge with wedge edge is perfect for cleaning in your home. The Wedge Edge is a multi-surface, no scratch scrub sponge that features a patent pending 30-degree angle shape that reaches deeper into hard-to-get-to corners and crevices. I used it to clean inside my hard to reach baseboards. In return, I was left with the perfect white color signaling cleanness. I usually have trouble cleaning my baseboards, but it was a breeze with this sponge. This would also be a great sponge to use for wiping down a kitchen table or counter top. The wedge edge is convenient and very easy to hold. It does a great job of scrubbing.
<p> Brillo sponges will change the way that you clean, I guarantee it. Not only can you use it in your home but use it for your backyard grill or any other creative way you can think of.
<h> Wednesday, June 1, 2011
<p> I don't do it very often but I love to entertain. It's fun to cook a great lunch or dinner for friends and sit around and enjoy each other's company. When you entertain you need proper serving pieces which is where Celebrating Home comes in.
<p> Celebrating Home is the nation's premier direct sales home décor company. The company sells products such as candles, home decor, food, home interiors, and gifts. The items are beautiful and elegant and provide real personality to your home.
<p> I was sent a gorgeous Grandstand pedestal cake stand from the Pamela Scurry collection. I've never seen a cake stand like this one before and it's very unique.
<p> I didn't previously own a pedestal cake stand and I had been meaning to purchase one for a while. I think the cake stand is really beautiful and a great piece. I love that the cake stand is simple, but still has personality and flair by the wavy edges and dots around the base. The cream color goes with practically any decor which is perfect. The detail of the design is really nice. The plate that holds the cake is very large and could hold a decent sized cake. I believe it is made out of either porcelain or ceramic, and it has weight to it which means its sturdy and could hold a heavy cake effortlessly. I can just imagine now baking a delicious chocolate cake and serving it on the cake stand at a dinner party or even for a BBQ. It's the perfect serving piece for company and I can't wait to use it this summer!
<p> The Pamela Scurry prices range from $36.00 - $79.00. To see all items in the Pamela Scurry Collection for Celebrating Home, please visit http://www.celebratinghome.com/ps_collection.ashx.
<p> Sorry for the lack of posts the last few days. I just started a new full time job yesterday and I am getting used to a 40 hour work week. I admit that I was spoiled with my last job and I still had a lot of time during the week to post. Now I have to get used to having less time during the day and only being able to post at night and on the weekends. Don't worry I won't leave you hanging though! I have great reviews/giveaways coming in the next few days.
<h> Monday, May 30, 2011
<p> Go Jane is my ultimate shopping paradise. I surfed onto the website and was quickly welcomed with the cutest shoes, accessories, and clothes I've ever seen. Each item for sale was better than the previous! It took a lot for me to not reach into my wallet and type in those credit card numbers to purchase a few tops!
<p> Go Jane is a clothing website that sells very affordable items for women. Whether you want a halter dress, beaded sandals, or dangly earrings, they have it all. The clothes are very trendy and they are the same items you'd see in a department store but for much less.
<p> I received the adorable beaded strap printed tank dress to review.
<p> This dress also came in magenta, but I really loved the teal color. The teal and brown together is a great combination and I love the print of the dress. The swirls and various designs of the dress are very fun and lively. The dress fits well and is the perfect length for me. I wear more dresses in the summer than capri's or shorts because it's just easier and I feel less hot that way. This dress would look great with brown wedges or even brown sandals. Thanks to Go Jane for helping me to look great this summer!
<h> Thursday, May 26, 2011
<p> As I mentioned in a previous review, my dog is a huge lover of treats. She begs for them 100 times a day and they are pretty much her favorite thing in the world. I've never given her handmade "bakery" treats before, and I knew she would go crazy for them.
<p> Woofables Bakery (isn't that the most adorable name ever?) sells handmade dog biscuits using natural and healthy ingredients. The company also offers dog gift baskets, gourmet dog cakes, natural chews, speciality dog treats, and bulk dog biscuits. I knew this was right up my alley. I wanted to give my dog delicious (in her opinion!) treats that were not full of anything artificial and bad for her.
<p> I was sent quite an assortment of treats for Colby. She received a large decorated bone that said Happy Birthday (I will be saving this for her 13th birthday in July), some various decorated treats such as a tiny piece of pizza, puptarts (a cute spin on a pop tart), smiley face and peace sign treats, small dog bones, and even a cute squirrel! The treats are hand-decorated with care and they look amazing.
<p> The box arrived a few days ago and it was jam packed with delicious goodies for my Colby. I opened the box and let her sniff inside of it and I told her all of this is for you! Her tail wagged like crazy and I knew she would love all of the treats. I've only given her two treats so far because she is on a special controlled diet and I don't want her to gain too much weight.
<p> The first treat I gave her was the slice of pizza. Isn't this so adorable? I love how it has "pepperoni and green peppers" on it. So cute!! She happily gobbled it up and licked her lips for more. I can tell when she doesn't like a treat, she will sniff at it or just leave it on the floor and walk away. When she really loves a treat it doesn't last a second before it feels the wrath of her stomach.
<p> The puptart was the next treat that I gave her. I really liked how all of the treats I was sent were the perfect size for her, because she is a small dog. The puptart was small and decorated with multi-colored sprinkles, although I am not sure what the sprinkle substitute really is. She took a large bite out of it, looked at me to make sure it was okay and then happily ate the rest. She wagged her tail after it so I knew she must have enjoyed it.
<p> I know Colby will enjoy the rest of the treats when I give them to her. I can't wait to give her some of the Happy Birthday bone for her birthday in July. She'll go crazy for it I recommend that you order your furry friend some treats from Woofables Bakery, your pet will be in treat heaven!
<h> Wednesday, May 25, 2011
<p> I've been a fan of Chips Ahoy! cookies for many years. I love how they are always coming out with new and delicious flavors. They do a great job of satisfying a chocoholic's sweet tooth perfectly too :) Chips Ahoy! cookies are always fresh and very tasty.
<p> Chips Ahoy! is a brand of chocolate chip cookies made by Nabisco, that debuted in 1963. They are widely sold in the United States, Latin America (where its name changes to "Pepitos!" or "Choco Chips"), South Africa, Canada, Mexico, Spain, Portugal and Australia.
<p> Nabisco says the name is "a reference to the nautical term, Ships Ahoy!" The words "Chips Ahoy!" also feature prominently in a story appearing in Chapter 15 of The Uncommercial Traveller, by Charles Dickens. Dickens relays a childhood tale of a shipwright named Chips who is taunted by a diabolical talking rat who predicts the sinking of Chips' ship: "Chips ahoy! Old boy! We've pretty well eat them too, and we'll drown the crew, and will eat them too!". There is also a 1956 American animated theatrical short titled Chips Ahoy.
<p> I was sent two new packages of Chips Ahoy flavors to review. I received Chips Ahoy! Chewy Gooey Chocofudge and Chips Ahoy! Chewy Gooey Megafudge.A soft, brownie-like chocolate chip cookie with real white chocolate chips and filled with a layer of smooth and creamy fudge.
<p> A soft chocolate chip cookie made with real chocolate chips and filled with a layer of smooth and creamy fudge.
<p> I had seen these advertised and knew that these cookies had a date with my stomach. Delicious chocolate chip cookies filled with fudge? The thought of it sent me into a chocolate frenzy. I knew they had to be absolutely fantastic. There are many different ways to enjoy these cookies. You can have them straight out of the bag, or pop them into the microwave for a few seconds for an even gooier fudge center. Serve them alongside ice cream and you have a truly heavenly treat. You can even dip them in ice cream too if you'd like. I tried one cookie of each variety, just for sampling purposes. I love the easy reclosable packaging so the cookies don't easily get stale.
<p> Both cookies look the same size as a normal Chips Ahoy! cookie. You would have no idea that they were hiding a chocolate secret inside unless you knew it was a Chewy Gooey cookie. The small Chocofudge cookie has tons of chocolate chips jam packed into it. Once you bite into it you get a wave of soft chewy cookie, luscious chocolate chips, and sweet fudge all at once. The fudge is thick and rich and instantly blankets your taste buds with the most fabulous flavor ever. I've never had a cookie that was filled with fudge before and I now know what I was missing all this time! I think this cookie would be amazing if heated for a few seconds, it would be chocolate bliss for sure.
<p> The Megafudge cookie was good, but the Chocofudge for sure was my favorite. This cookie is much darker in color and is dotted with white chocolate chips. I am not a big fan of white chocolate chips. When I have a cookie I like to go for a real cookie taste and consistency, and this cookie reminded me of a brownie. The flavor of the cookie was nice and I loved the filled center too. Who knows, maybe the cookie will grow on me and I will come to love it?
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win one package of Chips Ahoy! Chewy Gooey Chocofudge, and one package of Chips Ahoy! Chewy Gooey Megafudge.YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 10, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed.One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck!Disclaimer-I was provided a product in exchange for my review.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer.Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways.IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> In honor of National Donut Day (Friday, June 2nd), Dunkin Donuts is challenging everyone in the NY Metro area to guess how many sprinkles are on this GIANT DONUT! The person with the closest guess will receive free Dunkin’ Donuts for a year. (See below image to make your guess!) The giant donut is 2 feet by 2 feet in size.
<p> How many sprinkles do you think are on here? This is the largest donut I've ever seen!
<p> People can log on to DDNYDonutSweeps.com to make their guess. The “Guess The Sprinkles” contest is the latest program to promote Dunkin’ Donuts social media campaign in the NY Metro Area*. To learn more about the campaign, you can log on to www.GetDunkd.com and www.twitter.com/DunkinMetroNY.
<p> I know that I have many readers in the Tri-State area who would love to win DD for a year! Get ready to submit your guesses, I've already got mine in.
