<h> Thursday, July 18, 2013
<p> I'm a sucker for sentimental gifts and cards. The gifts that mean the most to me are the ones that people went out of their way to have handmade or customized for me. It shows me that people really care and want to give a memorable gift, that makes me very happy. I save those gifts and cards forever and treasure them. Etching Expressions knows all about a memorable gift experience.
<p> Etching Expressions offers wine bottles with engraved or etched personalization for custom wine gifts. You are able to create custom wine labels as well. You can choose up to 4 lines of custom text under an image of your choice. Select from wine options like champagne, chardonnay, merlot, or cabernet. A bottle from Etching Expressions makes the perfect present for a wine connoisseur, not to mention the ideal gift for a new baby, graduation, birthday, housewarming party, anniversary, and so many more events. It's truly ideal for any occasion. This is one special gift that the recipient will treasure for a lifetime.
<p> Since I'm getting married on August 31st, I wanted something special to commemorate the important day. A bottle of champagne from Etching Expressions would be the perfect keepsake. I was sent a custom bottle of champagne that displayed mine and my fiance's names on it, along with personalized text on the bottom. I didn't tell them what I wanted written ahead of time, I asked them to surprise me. I loved the message they wrote!
<p> Each custom wine bottle is a stunning piece of art. Hand-engraved and painted by skilled artisans, this gift will surely be treasured for a life time. As you can see, the bottle says Jay and Sammi written in a beautiful script. Underneath it states: To a lifetime of love and happiness, August 31, 2013.
<p> The bottle is so beautiful, not to mention such a creative concept. I'll be bringing this for our wedding weekend next month. My fiance and I will celebrate and drink it together. It will surely be a highlight for our special day. He hasn't seen the bottle yet, so it'll be a surprise that he will absolutely love! I'm a big fan of champagne, so I'm looking forward to drinking it. I want to save the bottle and store it in a hutch or china cabinet as a momento of our wedding.
<p> Please keep Etching Expressions in mind for any future wine gifts you'll be giving. The recipient will absolutely love it and be touched you thought of them in a special way.
<h> Wednesday, July 17, 2013
<p> I have an unhealthy obsession with all kitchen items. It doesn't matter if it's a muffin pan, a blender, or a spatula, I love everything equally. I had more fun than most when creating my wedding registry months ago. Seeing all of the kitchen items on my list made my eyes light up like the fourth of July! I was truly like a kid in a candy store. I enjoy cooking and always am on the look out for the newest and hottest kitchen appliances. I've owned T-Fal items for years and I recommend them for their quality results.
<p> T-Fal is a manufacturer of non-stick cookware, small kitchen appliances, and housewares. Their pots and pans are my favorite brand and the only brand I trust in my kitchen. If you're looking for small small kitchen appliances, they offer toasters, deep fryers, electric kettles, pressure cookers and more. T-Fal makes high quality irons as well. Whatever you need to furnish your new home with, T-Fal is there for you.
<p> Like everyone in the world, I enjoy some unhealthy foods from time to time. I'm not a lover of fried foods, but I do love french fries. Who doesn't? What I don't love is that they are not good for you and also cooked in a vat of oil. Wouldn't it be nice if you could enjoy some of your favorite fried foods but made with only one tablespoon of oil? The T-Fal ActiFry is up for the challenge of cooking delicious foods made with much less fat and calories!
<p> This unique multi-cooker needs only one spoonful of the oil of your choice to make two pounds of tasty French fries using a continual motion stirring paddle. The fryer can also be used to cook a wide range of other recipes including fried veggies, fried chicken, and more. A recipe book is included to get your fried food cookin' on.
<p> I had heard of the ActiFry for a few years now and had always wanted to try it. When I received the opportunity to review one, I was very excited. I loved the sleek black and silver color pattern. I watched a couple of videos online of the product in use, and I also read the recipe book. I wanted to make sure I knew how to use the ActiFry beforehand. The first thing that I wanted to make was potato chips with the potatoes that needed to be used up. I sliced the potatoes thinly with my mandoline. I seasoned them with a small amount of garlic powder and seasoned salt. I poured one tablespoon of olive oil on top of the chips in the unit. I wasn't sure if my chips would cook with such a small amount of oil. Would they be ok? Will they burn? I had to trust T-fal for making a product that would live up to its promise. The unit was user friendly and easy to use. I closed the lid, set the timer, and walked away.
<p> Not long after that, the machine alerted me that the chips were done. They looked so beautiful in the machine! None of them were burnt but all perfectly crispy and golden brown. The seasoning was sprinkled evenly throughout each chip. The chips had a fabulous crunch and wonderful flavor. I was shocked that I made a batch of chips with just ONE tablespoon of oil! The only thing that I didn't love about this machine was the bulky large size of it. Luckily I have spacious cabinets in my kitchen and they can hold the unit easily. If you have a small kitchen make sure you have some extra storage for the unit.
<p> This unit would be perfect for making buffalo wings or popcorn shrimp for party appetizers, not to mention so many more yummy foods. Wow your guests with appetizers made with half the fat and calories! I can't wait to check out the recipe book and make more yummy things from it.
<p> Sunglasses are the perfect accessory all year round. No matter if it's hot or cold out, they will keep you looking stylish. The great thing about sunglasses is that they come in so many different styles, shapes, and colors. Whether you're looking for a pair of aviator style, or the large and in charge sunglasses, Foster Grant has many pairs just waiting for you to try out!
<p> Foster Grant sunglasses are designed in the latest styles to meet your fashion needs. The sunglasses are made of lightweight, durable materials that provide quality and value. Every pair of Foster Grant sunglasses are equipped with MaxiBlock 100% UVA-UVB lens protection. Not only are sunglasses available but driving glasses, reading glasses, and polarized glasses are offered among many other styles. If you're looking for a new pair of glasses or sunglasses, Foster Grant is your glasses headquarters!
<p> I've owned many pairs of sunglasses over the years since I tend to lose mine. I once lost a pair of Dior sunglasses in the subway in New York City in 2008. That was not one of my finer moments. I seem to be able to lose expensive sunglasses much easier than an average priced pair. I enjoy owning a few different pairs that I can wear in rotation, rather than just owning one pair.
<p> Here are a few pairs of Foster Grant sunglasses that I love. This also helps to show you the variety of styles available.
<p> One lucky winner will win a pair of glasses of their choice from Foster Grant. The hardest pair will be deciding which pair to choose!
<h> Monday, July 15, 2013
<p> Gift baskets are the perfect way to show a person you care, and they are ideal for just about any occasion. I feel that they are the ultimate gift because they combine all of the recipients favorite items into one large gift. Whether you make your own basket filled with the recipient's favorite yummy treats and items, or buy a pre-made one containing things they will love too, you can't go wrong. A beautiful basket filled to the brim with candles, chocolates, and bath products surely would make my day! Wine Country Gift Baskets shares my philosophy of excellent gift basket giving.
<p> Wine Country Gift Baskets offers a wide selection of gift baskets for many different types of occasions such as holidays, birthdays, thank you's, congratulatory occasions, housewarming, a new baby, and so many more. The baskets have fabulous items in them like candy, wine, crackers, cheese, sausage, and so many other snacks. Each basket is arranged so beautifully and would make a memorable gift. Why not send a basket to your mom for her birthday or a care gift basket for your daughter in college? Go ahead and indulge and send one to yourself to enjoy too! Whatever basket you choose, I'm sure you'll find the perfect one that fits your needs.
<p> I was sent the fabulous Bear Hugs Happy Birthday gift basket. I just love the little stuffed bear wearing the happy birthday scarf, too cute! The basket came while I was visiting my mom for her birthday, so it was perfect timing for my family to enjoy it together.
<p> The basket contains the following items:
<p> Brown &amp; Haley almond roca
<p> Chocolate caramels
<p> Lily O'Brien's chocolate chip cookies
<p> Cinnamon roasted mixed nuts
<p> Twice baked roasted garlic crackers
<p> Caramel lollipops
<p> California Pantry rosemary olive oil crackers
<p> Vino e Formaggio brie cheese spread
<p> Walnut shortbread cookies
<p> Cheese straws
<p> As you can see, the basket contained quite a feast! I can't think of anything else that I'd stick in the basket. There are so many luscious goodies in there. The presentation and arrangement of the basket was beautiful and everything looked so wonderful inside. I wish I was creative enough to arrange a basket like this one. My family quickly went to town and enjoyed the contents. My mom loved the brie cheese spread on the olive oil and rosemary crackers. The creamy brie mixed with the olive oil and herb cracker was a wonderful combination and cheese choice. The crackers were wonderful on their own too!
<p> If you're a long time reader of my blog you know I love my chocolate. The chocolate chip cookies ranked high on my chocolate-o-meter. They were sweet and decadent. They made my stomach very happy. The cheese straws were also very crunchy and full of delicious cheesy flavor.
<p> There are still a few things we haven't tried yet, but they will be sampled very soon. My mom was very satisfied with the gift basket and would highly recommend Wine Country for any future gifts you may need to buy!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* - Per FTC Regulations, I am disclosing that I received product(s) from the company mentioned above, free of charge, for review. I was in no other way compensated for my review. The views expressed above are my own, honest opinions and any claims should be verified on the sponsor's site.
<h> Sunday, July 14, 2013
<p> Summer is in full swing and it's certainly my favorite season of the year. I love to spend time with friends and family at the beach or pool enjoying lemonade and watermelon. Of course you can't forget that requisite summer vacation either. Everyone is happy to spend time being active outside soaking up the sun. Make sure that you're always well prepared with sunscreen for a day of fun in the sun!
<p> Merci Beaucoup Gifts is an Etsy Shop ran by shop owner Ana Lisa. She creates custom and personalized gift bags, favors, and baskets to make any event extra special. Each bag is hand-crafted and made to order in any theme or design you choose. How about baby shower, wedding, or bridal shower themed gift bags? Maybe a goodie bag made in the theme of your child's party would be more up your alley? Each bag is made with care and dedication and would surely put a smile on your face. All you have to do is decide what goes inside!
<p> How adorable is this bag? I love the chevron print with the multi colored letters of summer spelled out. If this bag doesn't describe summer, I don't know what does!
<p> Ana Lisa is so creative and definitely has a knack for designing. The colors of the bag are fun and vibrant and represent summer well. I told Ana Lisa to create a summer bag but gave her all the control and direction of what to put inside. I wanted everything to be a surprise, and I certainly was surprised! She included lemon sugar cookies, lotion, lipbalm, sunscreen, taffy, and ridiculously cute BBQ grill napkins. Did you think I was done? I'm not! There was also a cute multicolored patterned cup with straws, watermelon lollipops, and sunglasses inside.
<p> The lotion is perfect for keeping my hands and face moisturized after a day of sun. The sunscreen is a great travel size for throwing into a beach bag or purse. The Banana Boat SPF 45 with aloe vera lipbalm is perfect for keeping my lips protected from the hot summer sun. The taffy was delicious and I've been enjoying the chewy treat since it arrived. The BBQ grill napkins are perfect for my next party. The lemon sugar cookies are divine and I can't stop eating them! The straws are ideal for sipping lemonade or iced tea with. All of the items are very fun and I'm very happy to have received them!
<p> The gift bag was a perfect way to really dive into summer. Ana Lisa is available to create gift bags to make your next event special and memorable!
<h> Saturday, July 13, 2013
<p> Did you know that in a 2012 sleep study, aches and pains were the #1 reason why people say they didn't get a good nights sleep? I have no problem sleeping, it's my fiance who has the sleeping issues. Two or three times a week he wakes up in the middle of the night and is not able to fall back asleep. It's very frustrating for him when this happens and I suggest he try some over the counter medication. There's nothing worse than lying in bed for hours not being able to sleep and being exhausted the next day. Advil PM is there to bring sleep back to his life.
<p> Advil PM is the non-habit forming trusted pain reliever with the power of Advil and a gentle sleep aid to help you snooze better. Recently, Advil has launched the new free SleepHelp smart phone app. This app features essential tips (rated by actual users) to help you through every step of sleep-from winding down before bed to getting through the day after a difficult night's rest. Popular tips include a few such as: what types of food can help you sleep, why you should sing if you snore, how to create a sleep oasis, and more. The app also helps you understand your personal sleep patterns and sleep routines to help you sleep better and get more out of your days.
<p> When we received the opportunity to review Advil PM, my fiance was very grateful for it. He had heard of the brand and was actually thinking about trying it. As you can see, the review was meant to be. I was sent a package of rest and relaxation goodies containing boxes of Advil PM, a sleep mask, a travel neck pillow, and a fleece blanket. Rest and relaxation, here we come!
<p> As soon as I opened the box, I was excited about the eye mask and fleece blanket. It gets very cold here in the winter and having an extra cozy blanket is always needed. The eye mask is perfect for de-stressing after a long day of work. I like that it can be kept cold or heated. The travel neck pillow is perfect for long flights. The shining star of this package are those little boxes of relief. My fiance was looking forward to trying Advil PM and being able to get his sleep and sanity back. His sleeplessness is a new problem, it's not something he's always had.
<p> He took the medication the night we received this package. He can easily fall asleep, but the problem is being able to stay asleep too. After taking it, he soon fell asleep. I woke up the next morning and he was still sleeping! I was shocked. He's usually up complaining to me about how he isn't able to sleep. When he finally woke up I asked him about his night. He said he didn't wake up at all! Advil PM allowed him to stay asleep and get those much needed zzz's. There was no grogginess or slowness when waking up and getting ready for work either. I asked him how he felt later on in the day and he said refreshed, alert and much happier! He's very grateful to Advil PM and now takes this nightly to prevent any more sleeping issues.
<p> Advil PM has now become a staple in our medicine cabinet, and my fiance is glad that there's a product out there that really works for him. If you have trouble staying asleep at night, let Advil PM work its magic on you.
<h> Friday, July 12, 2013
<p> What do I give a cup about, you ask? Well there are so many things that come to mind.
<p> I give a cup about spending time with my beautiful baby dog Carolyn.
<p> I give a huge cup about cookies.
<p> I give a cup about traveling.
<p> I also give a cup about my fiance.
<p> There are so many more things that I give a cup about too. My life is full of happy cups! Peet's Coffee wants to know what you give a cup about? Give A Cup is the Internet's very first social sampling experiment.
<p> Joining in on Peet's discussion is easy to do. Simply visit www.doyougiveacup.com and vote on the topic of the week. The topics are always interesting and thought provoking. They are usually light-hearted, fun, and current. Your votes will determine where Peet's will host their next sampling event for their new single cups.
<p> People give a cup about so many things, it's time to have your voices heard! Get those fingers ready to do some typing! Whatever you give a cup about, make sure you tell your story.
<h> Thursday, July 11, 2013
<p> Sweets are my one of my passions in life. My sweet tooth knows no limits and it can only be satisfied by large slices of cake, warm cookies, and scrumptious brownies. I regularly love to bake and indulge in the goodies I create. When I have the opportunity to indulge in a slice of cake from a fabulous bakery, you bet I'm interested! Bake Me A Wish shares my love of baked goods and I would like to eat everything they make.
<p> Bake Me A Wish is a company which makes all of your cake dreams come true. The site offers over 25 different flavored cakes which are available for mail order. Have a red velvet cake delivered for a baby shower, a tiramisu for a birthday, and a chocolate mousse for graduation. Of course there are many other flavors available to make your taste buds sing. You don't always need a special reason to enjoy a sinfully delicious cake! Not only are cakes available, but brownies and cookies too! I wish I could take a fork to every picture of cake on the website. That would only hurt my computer screen though. :(
<p> I recently visited my parents for my mom's birthday. I had the Magic Bar Brownie Cake sent there so it would be her birthday cake. Since everyone loves chocolate in my family, this was the perfect choice. The cake had a Belgian chocolate plaque in the center which said happy birthday! I thought that was a fun touch. You can choose from a couple of different plaque choices to commemorate the occasion. It came early so it hung out in the freezer and got nice and cold until her birthday. I felt sorry for the cake and I wanted to take it out of the freezer early and make it warm in my stomach, but nobody seemed to really like that idea.
<p> This cake comes straight from the enchanted kitchen of Bake Me A Wish! The fabulous treats features a combination of fudgy brownie, semisweet and butterscotch morsels, sweet coconut and crunchy pecans. I think I just passed out from deliciousness. I can only be revived with liquid chocolate.
<p> Once my mom's birthday arrived, it was time to eat! We took the cake out and let it defrost for several hours. The cake really reminded me of a magic goody bar which has similar ingredients. I knew I would love it. Since the cake enjoyed magic, I wanted to show it a magic trick where I cut into it and eat it. When I indulged in my first few bites of my slice, the chocolate gods started singing their praises. This cake was incredible, simply incredible. You have the fudgy, chewy moist brownie which is an excellent base in any cake, but then combine that with coconut flakes and butter scotch morsels and all of the other ingredients and it was truly heaven on earth. The brownie was very decadent. I could taste all of the ingredients on their own, but everything paired so well together. The cake was not too sweet but just right. The cake was very fresh and tasted like it was baked! A cold glass of milk is the only thing you need to wash down this beauty with.
<p> My mom absolutely loved the cake and froze the leftovers to enjoy at another point. She said it was the best cake she's had in quite some time. I loved that the happy birthday plaque was edible. The Belgian chocolate was sweet and just divine. It truly hit my chocolate spot!
<p> If you're looking for a cake for your next family or work get together, keep Bake Me A Wish in mind. They'd love to fulfill your sweet treat needs!
<p> One of the best parts of a birthday (besides the presents) is the delicious cake. I look forward to my cake every year. Last year I had a chocolate cake with butter cream icing. It was sensational. Of course you have to have a birthday candle on top. Instead of the typical number candles, I usually like to have the stick candles that spell out happy birthday. Having the same candle every year can get dull though. Variety is the spice of life so why not switch out the traditional birthday candle this year for a fabulous Happy Birthday Candle? Your cake will appreciate it!
<p> Happy Birthday Candle is the world's most unique birthday cake candle. Just simply light the flower shaped candle and a huge sparkler type flame will shoot out from the top and then the candle will open and rotate while singing happy birthday! The most unique thing is that when the "petals" open, they are all lit too! I've never seen a candle this fantastic before and everyone of all ages deserves to have this on their next birthday cake. Children will be in awe of this cool candle. The candles come in a range of different colors depending on your taste preferences.
<p> Since I was in Florida for my mom's birthday, I wanted her to be able to use the Happy Birthday candle on her cake. My whole family thought the candles were awesome and couldn't wait to see them lit. The day of her birthday came and we took the cake outside to serve. You aren't supposed to use the candle outside for safety purposes but there wasn't any wind that day so I thought it would be okay.
<p> The candle on top of the cake. Who wants a piece?
<p> Here's a video showing the candle in action. Just light the top of the candle and the rest is done for you! You can cut the wire beforehand if you don't want the candle to sing, but who wouldn't? The candle was easy to light and the flames were vibrant and bright.
<p> Everyone thought the candle was very cool. My favorite part was the big sparkler flame that shot out of the top when it was lit. It's like announcing to the world, "it's my birthday!" You can certainly get double the birthday wishes on this one! My mom felt very special having a Happy Birthday candle on her cake this year instead of an ordinary candle.
<p> A great stock photo of what the candle looks like when lit.
<p> These candles are fantastic. The only thing I would change is to make them reusable. For your next birthday cake, make sure you have a Happy Birthday Candle on it, it just won't be right without it!
<h> Wednesday, July 10, 2013
<p> Pets are truly our furry babies. They are there for us during good times and bad, and all they ask for in return is love and affection. It's only normal that we want to pamper them and spoil them to the fullest. Make sure you buy your four legged friend new toys and treats regularly. They will give you a big woof and lick in return!
<p> Camp Bow Wow is a premier dog day care and boarding facility in Stamford, CT. There are other locations around the world as well. Along with being a day care and boarding facility, the establishment also offers dog walking and in home pet-sitting. You can drop your dog off for a day of play indoors and outdoors with other furry friends. The dogs receive lots of attention from well-trained certified camp counselors. If you're looking for overnight care when you travel, no problem! Each dog stays in their own spacious cabin which includes a blanket and cot and is temperature controlled. Classical music is played at night to help soothe and relax the dogs. Right before lights out, the campers are tucked into their cabins and given a nightly special campfire treat which is a Kong filled with peanut butter. Campers from the same household can stay in the same cabin. The camp will even provide grooming and bathing for an extra fee. Your dog will love the opportunity to play and romp while you're away!
<p> I first learned about Camp Bow Wow when I was Googling places to board Carolyn when I was planning my trip to Florida. I stumbled upon Camp Bow Wow and thought that they would be absolutely perfect for her. Since I don't live in a house with a backyard, I knew she would go woofin' crazy at the thought of being able to run outdoors.
<p> Before your dog can be accepted into camp, you have to come in for an initial interview so the staff can meet your dog and see how they are with other dogs. I met the owner of the franchise and he gave me a tour of the establishment. He explained everything thoroughly and answered my questions. I liked seeing the doggy cabins and where the dogs play. One thing that I appreciated was the fact that they separate the large and small dogs into separate play areas so there is no aggression.
<p> Carolyn seemed to enjoy her time at camp and pretty soon it was time for her to stay at camp for 6 days while I went to Florida. The camp will feed her their own food if requested, but they will also give your pet their own food and treats that you bring in. They will also dispense medication at no extra cost. They welcome you to bring in your pet's bed and toys so they have some comforting items from home. I packed up Carolyn's bed, toys, food and treats and proceeded to drop her off at camp. She seemed excited when she was there and went to play with no issues. Since I don't know what happened next, I asked Carolyn to share her adventure at camp with me.
<p> This is what she had to say:
<p> I stayed at Camp Bow Wow for 6 whole days! I wasn't sure where I was in the beginning but I knew I wasn't at my house. There were too many dogs and I knew Mommy and Daddy didn't adopt all those new brothers and sisters for me. I sniffed a lot of doggy butts and made some new friends. My tail was wagging so hard because I was so happy. I loved to play on the equipment that they had inside. I stood on the top of it and pretended I was the queen of Camp Bow Wow. I'm the queen at home, so it makes sense. When I went outside I romped in the dog bone shaped pool and cooled off. It was very hot! I ran a lot. I had to burn off all of my energy!
<p> At night I hung out in my cabin. My mommy packed my bed and toys from home so it made me happy to have those. I missed my human parents and I hoped they would be back soon to pick me up. I did enjoy the classical music and it made my ears perk up. The peanut butter filled kong that I received for my campfire treat was delicious. I must compliment the staff on their choice of Jif peanut butter.
<p> I spent the next few days playing with my friends. I was told that Mommy and Daddy would be back soon and they didn't forget about me. I was sad at times because I missed them but I also had fun too. Here's a picture of my friends and I. The dog on the right smelled like treats. I licked her a lot.
<p> Look at me, the leader of the pack!
<p> Yesterday was my last day at camp. They put my leash on me and took me out to the lobby. I thought I was going for a walk. That's when I saw my parents and I went nuts! They are back! They didn't abandon me! I jumped all over them and gave them 100 kisses. I thought my tail would fall off from wagging so much. I was so happy!
<p> We got into the car to go home. I couldn't stop smiling because I was so happy to see them and also from a great time at camp. The front desk staff told my parents that I was so popular and everyone loved me!
<p> Look at me flashing my pearly whites!
<p> When we got home I immediately recognized my house and all the familiar smells. My other bed and toys were still there. I laid in my bed and instantly played with my toys. I gave my parents even more kisses. I couldn't believe they were back! Later that night I got a bath since I spent so much time outside with other dogs. I didn't like that as much.
<p> I'm very happy to be home. I hope to come back to Camp Bow Wow soon. I'm dreaming of those peanut butter kongs!
<p> As you can see, Carolyn had a wonderful time. I highly recommend Camp Bow Wow for any of your upcoming boarding or day care needs. Your dog will come home happy and tired from a fun day of play!
<p> Summer is my absolute favorite season for clothes. You're able to wear cute sandals and wedges that pair excellently with your favorite maxi dresses and tops. I always love to buy a few new dresses every summer, it makes me happy. I own many pieces from the Limited that I routinely wear and have since become regular favorites. If you're in need of a new summer wardrobe, The Limited would be a perfect place to refill your closet.
<p> Did you know that The Limited is turning 50 this year? I know, it's hard to believe! In celebration of its golden anniversary, the brand is launching a multi-faceted campaign focused on helping women succeed. The iconic fashion powerhouse will kick-off its celebrations with a special initiative to support Dress For Success. This is a non-profit that offers professional apparel, support and career development tools to women who are entering or re-entering the workforce.
<p> To raise funds for this fabulous opportunity, The Limited is inviting women to share their successes and life lessons online at their website. The company will donate $1 to Dress for Success for every submission up to $50,000.
<p> This is a fabulous opportunity for women to help out an important cause. Let your voice and story be heard.
<p> The summer is the one season out of the year where we spend an extended amount of time outside. Pool parties and BBQ's are always on the summer agenda. Children and adults alike enjoy spending time in the park. I believe the best memories are made in the carefree summer months of the year. Why not spend this upcoming weekend in the park with your family having a picnic and throwing a frisbee?
<p> Coca-Cola is encouraging others to get outdoors and rediscover their favorite parks this summer. In order to make this happen, Coca-Cola has launched the "Coca-Cola's America Is Your Park Campaign. The campaign is looking for America's favorite park, which will win the title and receive a $10,000 recreation grant. Please visit Coca-Cola's website to learn more about the sweepstakes.
<p> Since I don't yet have children I enjoy the park with my dog and my fiance. We live right by a few small parks where Carolyn loves to run and play in the warm summer weather. My fiance and I play catch with her and she has a fantastic time. As much as animals enjoy the park, people do too. The fresh air is great and it's vitally important to exercise. I always look forward to long walks in the park on weekend days or after work. It helps clear my mind and de-stress me.
<p> This is Carolyn's favorite park and luckily it's very close to where I live. Can't you just imagine relaxing here and enjoying the sights and sounds? I always do. Packing some sandwiches or even stopping at Subway beforehand and bringing the meal to the park to have would be wonderful.
<p> There are so many ways to get active in the park with your family this summer. Bring sidewalk chalk, jump ropes, hula hoops, balls, frisbees, and anything else that can get everyone moving, smiling and having fun.
<p> Whatever park you go to this summer, make sure it involves making memories that your family won't soon forget.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am being compensated from Coca-Cola/She Speaks for this post. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Tuesday, July 9, 2013
<p> Birthdays are an extremely special day of the year. Since they only happen once a year, it's certainly a cause to celebrate. I feel that birthdays should always involve friends and family, good conversation and tons of fabulous treats. Of course the more unhealthy the treat is, the better! Sugar and Spice Arts will certainly make your next birthday one you won't soon forget!
<p> Sugar and Spice Arts is an Etsy shop that offers the most fabulous chocolate treats you'll ever lay your taste buds on! Ann Marie makes luscious chocolate covered items such as Oreos, pretzels, peanut butter cups, bacon and more. She also does custom chocolate requests that would work well for birthdays, baby showers, weddings, etc. I can tell that great pride and dedication goes into each and every chocolate she hand decorates. I just knew I had to try some of her products!
<p> I was most interested in reviewing her chocolate covered Oreos. Each Oreo is covered in milk chocolate and has multicolored sprinkles on top. You can put a letter for the person's first name, or the number for their age. How cool is that? It would be great in a child's goody bag. Since my mom's birthday was July 8th, I wanted to surprise her with chocolate covered Oreo's featuring large H's on top.
<p> These are the most gorgeous cookies I've ever laid my eyes on. When I took them out of the package, I was blown away. I love how each cookie features a different look and colors. The H's are all different colors too! The cookies are truly a work of art and they were almost too pretty to eat. Keyword almost! :)
<p> Surprisingly the cookies did not arrive melted. They were all in tact. There were one or two cookies that were dipped in white chocolate to add some variety to the mostly milk chocolate covered batch. My mom thought they were so beautiful and immediately put a picture of them up on Facebook and texted the picture to her friends too! She felt really special to be able to have these personalized cookies. :)
<p> Look at how large and in charge this Oreo is! It's like an Oreo on steroids. I love all of the multicolored candies all over. The H is even milk chocolate!
<p> Of course we couldn't admire them forever, we had to taste those yummies! Since the cookie was so large and dense, we decided to cut it in half.
<p> Look at the inside of the Oreo! All you can see is a little bit of Oreo peeking out underneath a gigantic blanket of rich, sweet milk chocolate. Can you imagine anything better than this? I can't. I took a bite of my half of the treat and I was in absolute chocolate bliss. The chocolate was rich and luscious. The crunchy Oreo cookie provided a nice crunch that was welcomed. The creamy middle of the Oreo combined with the milk chocolate and multicolored candies was truly out of this world. I gobbled up the rest of the treat quickly and had to stop myself from eating more!
<p> My mom absolutely loved the cookies and considered them very dangerous for her weight! :) Something this good is worth indulging in from time to time. These chocolate covered Oreo's were truly the best I've ever had and I highly recommend them. Please consider Ann Marie to provide the sweets for your next party or social event. You will not be disappointed.
<h> Saturday, July 6, 2013
<p> Summer is all about carefree fun with friends and family. Life is extra wonderful when you're able to have guests over for a backyard BBQ or pool party. Delicious food and fun conversation is always on the agenda at a party. Make sure you're well stocked with icy cold, refreshing drinks to cool everyone down. Kohl's is there for you if you're in need of some summer party supplies!
<p> Kohl's is your one stop shop for women, men, and children's clothing, accessories, housewares, shoes and much more. Every time I go in there, I always come out with something I love. Need a new outfit for yourself for a summer BBQ or maybe your child needs a new outfit for her birthday party? No problem, Kohl's has you covered. They have the latest fashions at unbeatable prices. The clothes are made well and very durable. I have a favorite pair of high heels that I purchased there 3 years ago and still wear to this day. They've held up very well. Please consider Kohl's for any of your upcoming summer needs.
<p> I enjoy entertaining all year round, especially in the summer. I love to make pasta salads, fresh lemonade, burgers, crispy salads, hot dogs and many other crowd pleasing items. When you serve drinks you need to make sure there's enough ice to keep the drinks refreshingly cool. Of course you have to serve the drinks in fun glassware too!
<p> To make my drink dreams come true, Kohl's sent me a mason jar set and an ice bucket. The mason jars are adorable and gives sweet tea and iced tea some extra pizzazz.
<p> Doesn't this picture look straight out of a magazine?
<p> ﻿
<p> ﻿I brought this mason jar set to my parents so we could enjoy chilled drinks outside. I used the ice bucket to keep the ice cold in case anyone wanted a refill. The mason jars are adorable. They come in a set of four and all have attached handles. I like the modern twist of the added handle. The jars are glass and made well. They hold a lot of liquid. I served lemonade in the mason jars. The cool refreshing drink hit the spot and really cooled us off. The jars are easy to drink out of and hold.
<p> The jars are dishwasher safe and I've already ran them through the dishwasher and they came out perfectly clean. Serving your guests cold iced tea or lemonade in these mason jars would delight their taste buds and put a smile on their face.
<p> The ice bucket is here to save the day to add cold cubes to make your drinks freeze and your taste buds sing.
<p> The double-wall stainless steel design of the ice bucket is sleek and beautiful. It's the perfect accompaniment to your next ﻿party. The bucket holds a lot of ice to guarantee that all your guests' drinks are certainly chilled. The convenient tongs make selecting ice cubes a breeze.
<p> As I mentioned before, I used the bucket today when enjoying lemonade with my family. The bucket kept the ice perfectly cold. Even in the hot sun, no cubes melted. I was able to use the tongs to refill my mason jar and had no issues using the tongs. The lid stays securely shut when on.
<p> Overall, I was very impressed with the ice bucket and I look forward to using it when I entertain guests all year round. Kohl's is your perfect party destination! Why not pay them a visit today?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Kohl's for providing me with the complimentary ice bucket and mason jar set. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
