<h> Saturday, February 15, 2014
<p> When I travel, I usually bring my iPad with me. I preload my device with fun apps before I go so I can be entertained on the plane. Of course I don't like to set my iPad down without a case as it's very susceptible to dirt and scratches that way. Sometimes the tablet isn't always easy to use when it's in a case either. What do you do in this case? Shoplet makes all of your easy to use iPad dreams a reality with their innovative products.
<p> Shoplet offers over 400,000 discounted office products for whatever your needs may be. If you're seeking office supplies or furniture, Shoplet is your company. You'll have a huge smile on your face when you save big bucks on name brand ink and toner, paper, office cleaning supplies, and technology items among many others. Whatever your needs are, Shoplet has you covered. Even if you aren't in the market for office supplies, they also have a whole section for school. Go ahead and buy your children's school supply list this way, or teachers can even buy items their classroom needs. You'll soon be recommending Shoplet to everyone you know!
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive the Kantek Rotating Desktop Tablet Stand for review. This handy product provides easy access to your tablet when used in a landscape or portrait position.
<p> Hi. You'll be seeing me around a lot lately. I'm your iPad's new best friend.
<p> I've been using my iPad a lot more than normal lately. It's very enjoyable to lay in bed and watch videos or movies that I've preloaded on my tablet. It does get annoying to have to constantly hold the iPad up though to see it. I just put my iPad in the stand and place it on my nightstand. Let me tell you, it's much nicer and more convenient to have it be hands-free.
<p> The black rotating stand is very sleek and modern. It's very compact and doesn't take up too much space. The iPad is very easy to snap into the base and it stays securely. It turns with ease, which is excellent. I like the fact that you can use it in a portrait or landscape setting, depending on what you desire. If you're someone who likes to use their iPad at work, this would be a great stand to use on your desk. All of the features of the iPad are easily accessible and nothing is hindered by the stand.
<p> I've really enjoyed using my iPad with the rotating stand. The next time I fly, I will surely be placing my rotating stand on the tray table when I want to use it or watch movies. It will make my iPad experience a fantastic one. I highly recommend this stand to anyone looking to revolutionize their iPad.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary iPad stand in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, February 12, 2014
<p> There's nothing quite like one's bed. The comfort and warmth it provides surpasses anything in life. On weekend mornings, I enjoy laying in bed with my husband and dog while watching TV. It's been so cold lately, it's especially hard to get out of bed on those frigid mornings! If you do lay in bed a lot, it's essential to make sure you have a comfortable mattress along with soft sheets on your bed. For an extra boost, don't forget that luxurious memory foam mattress topper. We spend so many hours a night sleeping, why not make it an oasis of comfort?
<p> Cariloha is a bamboo fan's paradise. They take hard bamboo that then they use for their products. Everything sold at Cariloha has bamboo in it. Some of their products include bedding and towels, women and men's clothing, housewares, jewelry, and much more. All products are quality made and built to last. You'd never think that you would be drying yourself off after a shower with a bamboo towel, or sleeping on bamboo sheets did you? I know I could never imagine that. If you're looking for a unique gift for a friend or family member's birthday, I suggest something from Cariloha. You'll never have to worry about them already having bamboo earrings!
<p> Hi, I'm here to transform your bed to Planet Relaxation. Each set comes with two pillowcases, a fitted bed sheet, and a flat sheet. The sheets come in a range of colors too.
<p> If you're in need of new bed sheets, I have the perfect option for you. Why not go with bamboo sheets? They are woven from 100% natural bamboo fibers, making them an ideal eco-friendly option too. Forget cotton sheets, they are double the softness of cotton! The wonderful feature of these sheets are that they wick away moisture. If you are hot at night and easily sweat, these sheets were made for you. The unique temperature control element keeps you cool in the summer, and warm in the winter. If you're looking to sleep in a world of comfort, these bamboo sheets are just waiting for you to lay on them.
<p> Go ahead and treat yourself to a new pair of sheets today, you surely deserve it. Don't blame Cariloha if you can't get out of bed in the mornings though!
<h> Monday, February 10, 2014
<p> There are so many enjoyable things in life. A couple of things that come to mind are watching movies, spending time with family, and of course eating cookies. Do you know what is certainly not enjoyable? Being sick of course, it's awful. I was recently sick and I wouldn't wish it on anyone! Thankfully, Smith Brothers is there to work its magic on you when you're under the weather. Just leave the cold season remedies to them.
<p> Smith Brothers are the only brothers you need when you're sick. Just call out to them when you're ill and they'll be there to provide you with throat drops and and chewable tablets. Soon after you'll feel like a brand new person. Remember those cherry flavored throat drops that you had when you were a kid? Those are still available, as are a host of other flavors including honey lemon and warm apple pie. The minute you feel that tickle in the back of your throat, you know it's time to pop a Smith Brothers throat drop in your mouth. The long lasting relief and great taste will make you a fan for life. Keep Smith Brothers throat drops or chewable tablets in your purse, backpack, or glove compartment for easy access when you need them most.
<p> Since so many people are sick right now, it's only appropriate that Smith Brothers wants to make sure all of my fans stay as healthy as possible. It's time to kick those germs to the curb and stay well. One lucky winner will win a prize pack of Smith Brothers wellness products!
<h> Sunday, February 9, 2014
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am a member of the Collective Bias® Social Fabric® Community. This shop has been compensated as part of a social shopper amplification for #CollectiveBias and its advertiser.
<p> I can't resist a cute and cuddly animal, especially a puppy. A puppy playing with a squeaky toy or chewing on a hard bone just makes my heart melt. Dogs are just so precious, not to mention tons of fun.
<p> Living near New York City definitely has its perks for pets. There are large dog runs with ample space to run, doggie boutiques, and of course tons of dog spas! I was fortunate enough to be invited to the 10th anniversary of the Puppy Bowl in Manhattan last weekend. I had never seen the Puppy Bowl before, but I knew I would fall in love with puppies playing together in the middle of a football field!
<p> From the minute I walked into the event, I knew I was in dog heaven. There were many stations inviting you to partake in puppy themed fun activities and games. The most important station was the Mohawk Home carpet station. Mohawk Home was the official carpet sponsor of Animal Planet's Puppy Bowl X. They provided their new and effective Smart Strand carpet for the puppies to play on. Puppies bring lots of mess and dirt, but the carpet is no match for dirt and grime. Smart Strand is the only carpet with engineered stain protection at the molecular level. This means that the stain and soil protection is built into the carpet fibers themselves, so it will never wash and wear off. The carpet is extremely soft and inviting too. What puppy wouldn't want to lay on it?
<p> One of the coolest aspects of the Puppy Bowl was the time that I got to spend with Mo, the Mohawk Home mascot. I'm always up for #SharingMoLove. He was so adorable and very well behaved too. Everyone was taking pictures with him and he sat so patiently while everyone got their turn with him. I know my dog wouldn't have tolerated sitting for that long.
<p> After I was finished petting Mo, I made my way over to the Puppy Bowl area. This was a large stadium type area complete with bleachers. Many people were cheering on the puppies and watching them play and bark. This was just the cutest thing I've ever seen, hands down. The tiny puppies were throwing around balls, frisbees, and squeaky toys. I loved watching the puppies play and jump all over each other. This was certainly a fun experience for me.
<p> The wonderful thing about the Puppy Bowl was that the puppies were all available for adoption. Surf on over to Mohawk Home's Facebook page. For every new "like" Mohawk will donate $2 to a pet adoption charity to help the puppies find permanent homes.
<p> Mohawk gave me Smart Strand carpet samples to show that stains were no match for it. I used marinara sauce and chocolate syrup on the carpet squares. I let each stain sit for 10 minutes to seep deep into the carpet. I then cleaned it with just soap and water. Take a look at the results! Anyone knows chocolate and marinara sauce are two stains that are especially hard to get out. I was extremely impressed.
<p> If you're thinking about getting new flooring in your home that can hold up against both kid and pet stains, Mohawk Smart Strand is the way to go.
<h> Thursday, February 6, 2014
<p> Valentine's Day is 8 days away. If you haven't already started figuring out your dinner plans for the evening, it's time to do so. Also, make sure you have a gift ready for your significant other too. If there's one day a year that we want to ensure our lips are kissably soft, it's Valentine's Day. This day of love will bring smooches from couples all over the world. Trust Vaseline to keep your lips smooth and hydrated.
<p> Vaseline is a brand of petroleum jelly. Everyone is familiar with the original Vaseline, which is meant to moisturize skin and help heal cuts and burns. The product line has extended in recent years. Nowadays you can find Vaseline intensive rescue repairing body lotions and creams, lip creams, and more. Whatever product you're looking for to help your skin look its best, Vaseline is there to assist.
<p> To ensure your lips are ready for all the smoochin, they will be doing this Valentine's Day, Vaseline would like for you to keep their Vaseline Lip Therapy Rosy Lips in mind. This is a sheer tinted lip product that adds deep moisturization to leave lips soft and beautiful. The best part about this product is that it gives your lips some color while keeping them hydrated.
<p> Everyone knows that this day of love is not complete without some chocolate. Vaseline would like to give one lucky winner a box of MarieBelle chocolates and a jar of Vaseline Lip Therapy Rosy Lips. With Vaseline Lip Therapy and a box of chocolates in tow, it'll be one fabulous Valentine's Day.
<h> Wednesday, February 5, 2014
<p> My dog Carolyn is my four-legged child. Just as a parent cares about their two-legged child's health and nutrition, I focus on making sure she is as healthy as possible. I routinely give Carolyn vitamins and minerals, as well as fruits and veggies. The best thing you can do for your dog is give them a happy, full and long life.
<p> Boneo Canine Maintenance Formula is an innovative new supplement that helps maintain strong bones and healthy joint functions in dogs. These tempting liver and sausage flavored chewable tablets are powered by Neo-portin complex, a blend of ribonuclease enriched lactoferrin, coenzyme Q10, and B-Glucan. This patented technology has been shown to enhance bone turnover, maintain bone strength, and promote joint comfort. The tablets also support healthy cartilage and connective tissue function. The canine formula is fortified with vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. As you can see, this tablet is the best thing you can give your dog for optimum nutrition and health all around. You can give your dog the tablets for short or long term use, and it's safe for dogs of all ages, sizes, and breeds. Go ahead and start your dog on Boneo today.
<p> Carolyn was sent a bottle of Boneo Canine Maintenance Formula. For her size, the bottle instructs her to have 2 tablets a day. There are 90 tablets, so this is a 45 day supply. Carolyn loves any kind of treat or medicine that tastes like food, so I knew she would have no problem enjoying these. It's definitely a win win for your dog to enjoy something with such nutritional benefits too.
<p> Liver and sausage? Yes, please!
<p> I gave Carolyn a tablet for the first time yesterday. The tablet is large, round, and yellow. There was not even a two second window between her sniffing the tablet and happily gobbling it up. She ate it so quickly and licked her lips and looked at me for more. Luckily for her, she was allowed to have another!
<p> It's clear to me that she really enjoyed the tablets. When it was time for me to give her the tablets this morning, she was extremely excited. I shook the bottle at her and she went nuts. I guess someone is really a fan of liver and sausage! I'm very happy that she's able to be excited over something that's so wonderfully nutritious for her.
<p> Nothing comes between me and my love for Boneo.
<p> I look forward to continuing to give Carolyn Boneo until her supply is empty. Of course I will be ordering more afterwards. If you're looking to give your dog the boost of nutrition that they need, I highly recommend Boneo.
<h> Tuesday, February 4, 2014
<p> Italy's favorite cookie brand Loacker is bringing you a chance to win some sweet treats this Valentine's Day!
<p> The Love for Loacker photo contest is an opportunity for you to show your love for Loacker! Capture a moment that shows your love for your favorite Loacker moment or product. Submit a picture with a brief caption and don't forget to include the hashtag #LoackerLove.
<p> There are so many ways to show your Loacker devotion. How about your children or nieces or nephews enjoying Quadratini cookies or wafers? Anyone who loves cookies would be an ideal photo candidate. My love for cookies exceeds normal bounds.
<p> Quadratini, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
<p> Submit your photos on Twitter &amp; Instagram too by tagging your true love moment with the hashtag #LoackerLove! Once you've uploaded your photo, be sure to share with your friends and family to get as many votes as you can. Every visitor can vote for their favorite entries once every day, so make sure you keep coming back to vote!
<p> The top 5 winners will receive a With all my heart tin and their Rose tin, both perfect for the Valentine's season and filled with assorted Loacker wafers!
<p> What are you waiting for? Spread the word and get ready to win some delicious treats! I could go for some wafers right now.
<h> Monday, February 3, 2014
<p> Hi, my name is Sammi and I'm a chocoholic. Yes, alert the press because it's absolutely true! I love chocolate and can't get enough of it. Give me a piece of smooth and creamy chocolate with a nutty filling and I'll love you forever. I don't discriminate against chocolate no matter what form it comes in. I'm a fan of chocolate cookies, brownies, candy, cake, and of course pie. There's nothing that would make your significant other happier this Valentine's Day than giving them a delicious box of Ethel M Chocolates. Go ahead and delight their taste buds.
<p> Ethel M Chocolates produce handmade gourmet chocolates just the way Ethel Mars did over 100 years ago. They utilize fresh and premium ingredients to create the best tasting chocolates possible. You can choose from a range of different sizes of boxed candy, to chocolate bars, snacks, baskets, and much more. The chocolates range from crèmes and fillings to nutty and chewy. A chocolate lover will certainly have a field day with Ethel M chocolates. A box of Ethel M chocolates would be a great Valentine's Day present, as well as an ideal birthday, anniversary, thank you, or corporate gift too.
<p> This is the most beautiful box of chocolates that I've ever laid my eyes on. I think I'll have a piece, or twenty.
<p> Go ahead and skip buying that brand of chocolates that you buy every year. You can do better, and you know it. Ethel M Chocolates does the hard work for you by showing your love with their chocolates. Their heart shaped collections are filled with ultra premium chocolates made in small batches for superior taste. There are so many flavors that your significant other won't know where to start first. From decadent truffles and sea-salted caramels to silky satin creme chocolate, this will be one Valentine's Day that your sweetie won't soon forget.
<p> Please use promo code: CUPID14 to receive free shipping on orders over $55.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post for SheSpeaks/Ethel M Chocolates.
<h> Sunday, February 2, 2014
<p> As you all know, my dog Carolyn is the light of my life. We rescued her in June 2013 and she was transported from Tennessee to Connecticut. She's a westie/terrier mix who loves to play but also enjoys cuddling too. Carolyn has many good qualities, but since she's a rescue, she also has some emotional baggage too. She recently started snapping at people which is something I want to correct before it gets worse. For this, I thought it would be best to consult with a professional dog behaviorist.
<p> The Bark Stops Here is dog trainer and behavior therapist Jody Rosengarten's private practice. She has been in business since 1980 and makes house calls, teaches small group classes, and provides phone consultations in Fairfield, Connecticut. She's also a published author and her newest book about rescue dogs will be available soon. Jody believes in addressing all pooch situations as positively as possible, and encourages praise over punishment.
<p> Jody agreed to do a house call and come to my home to address Carolyn's issues. Along with her snapping, she also exhibits signs of anxiety from time to time. I was looking forward to Jody coming over and discussing tips and techniques for remedying the problems at hand. From the minute Jody walked through the door, she instantly gave Carolyn a treat to reinforce her feeling relaxed and happy. Of course, Carolyn would never turn down a treat either! Jody was very comfortable with Carolyn and made her feel at ease and Carolyn relaxed around her. My husband and I sat down with Jody to begin our 90 minute session. At one point my dog laid on her back on the floor, which Jody said was a sign that she was very comfortable with a new person in her home.
<p> I discussed my concerns of Carolyn's snapping and how on a few occasions she snaps when people pet her for more than 10-15 seconds at a time, usually on her head or back. I was told that it's all about how you approach the dog. You have to be at ease when you pet them, so they'll be comfortable too. A great example that Jody gave was alerting someone before they come over to be cautious of Carolyn's behavior. That person is going to come into your home with a sense of fear wondering if she'll snap. I would also be on edge about this too. Carolyn senses it and takes advantage of the fear and snaps. Jody recommended meeting your guest outside and walking in together, so your dog sees that you're with that person and knows it's okay. The guest will meet Carolyn at the door and give her a treat and make her feel comfortable. When Jody initially came to my home, my husband met her downstairs and they took the elevator upstairs together. She then was able to enter my home with my husband and give my dog a treat. I really think that was a wonderful start to our session.
<p> Jody was extremely easy to talk to and very happy to answer any questions I had. Her laid-back, calm aura was definitely sensed by Carolyn. She was surprised at how well-behaved Carolyn was, considering she was a rescue dog. I was told that the most common mistake people make in upsetting dogs is coming to them and petting them. If the dog wants to be left alone, being pet is the last thing they desire. You should always let the dog come to you, especially on their own terms. Jody recommended having guests let Carolyn come to them and pet her underneath her chin. This is an area that's much less vulnerable than a dog's head or back.
<p> My husband took a lot of beneficial notes that we will certainly be implementing for Carolyn. The time just flew by and soon the session was over. I felt that it was extremely educational and valuable, and I would now be in control of the situation the next time I had company over.
<p> If you're in the Fairfield county area of Connecticut and are looking for someone to help your dog with issues of any kind, I highly recommend Jody Rosengarten. Her calming and soft-spoken nature is just the right medicine a dog needs.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary house call in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, January 30, 2014
<p> It's been extremely cold in Connecticut lately. I know that some places are experiencing even colder temperatures than us, but it's in the single digits at night. My husband and I have been leaving the heat on at night. We usually turn it off when we go to bed since we're under the covers, but now it's just too cold to have it off. A quality, durable blanket is an absolute necessity in the winter. Go ahead and cozy up on the couch under a soft blanket while enjoying your favorite movie on a cold winter's night. Don't forget to include extra marshmallows in your mug of hot chocolate!
<p> American Blanket Company creates beautiful hand made blankets that are warm and luxurious out of a small shop in Massachusetts. They offer fleece blankets, throw blankets, baby blankets, and personalized blankets. American Blanket Company prides themselves on producing the best blanket possible. The superior quality of the blanket will last forever. The blankets come in many colors, so whatever color you had in mind will surely be available. A baby blanket would make an ideal baby shower or new baby gift. Blankets make a perfect birthday and housewarming present too. If you have a child leaving for college in the near future, why not send them off in style with a personalized blanket to remind them of home with? If you're looking to make someone smile today, a blanket will certainly do it. Everyone loves comfort.
<p> My husband and I frequently have movie nights on the couch enjoying the latest flick while surrounded by a bowl of popcorn. We have a throw blanket that is old at this point and is in need of being replaced. When I was offered the chance to review a new queen sized Luster throw in the soft beige color, you can bet I jumped at the opportunity. We both had two one way tickets to Comfortville USA! Never to return of course.
<p> Yes, this luxurious blanket is accepting applications for snuggles and cuddles.
<p> The blanket was shipped extraordinarily fast. In fact, as I write this review I am snuggled up with it on the couch. It came gorgeously wrapped and packaged. It was almost to pretty to unwrap, but hey I was not going to let that warm coziness not envelope me due to aesthetics.
<p> What I first noticed was the beautiful deep, rich beige color. It reminded me of sand on the beach. We are many months away from beach days though! The blanket was soft and just beautiful. It was luxuriously thick and I can tell made with much skill and talent. The luster blankets are guaranteed to not shed or pill. You can wash them as many times as you want and they will hold their beautiful softness each and every time.
<p> I cuddled up on the couch to write this post and my dog Carolyn has jumped on the blanket to lay with me. Even dogs cannot resist the inviting comfort a blanket brings. The blanket is warm and cozy and I love how it feels. This will definitely transform our movie nights into an oasis of comfort.
<p> If you're looking for the ultimate in comfort for you and your family, I highly recommend the American Blanket Company. Go ahead and let that beautiful blanket into your home.
<h> Wednesday, January 29, 2014
<p> If you're a long time reader of Sammi's Blog Of Life, it should come as no surprise to you that I love fashion. I own more clothes and shoes than I probably should, but hey I'm a lady. Ladies tend to have a lot in their closet. Nothing makes me happier than shopping and finding a cute new sweater or dress. I feel that every woman should buy new clothes as much as their budget allows. It's a great feeling to wear new clothes that you feel confident in. Go ahead and treat yourself today.
<p> Anatomie is a shopper's paradise. They offer clothes that will make any woman happy. If you're in the market for new pants, tops, jackets, or dresses you've come to the right place. All of Anatomie's fine garments are made with an innovative system of versatile, high performance fibers that are lightweight, protective, and resistant. Each piece is engineered for quick-drying and exceptional comfort. There are many styles and colors suited for everyone's taste, so you're guaranteed to find something you like. A dress or jacket from Anatomie makes a perfect birthday or holiday present. Why not make your closet happy and fill it with items from Anatomie today?
<p> I was generously sent a Lady Lugano black jacket. This is a lightweight jacket that is perfect for spring. Even though I'm dying to wear it now, it's just far too cold!
<p> Yes, yes. You can borrow the jacket. Just don't spill anything on it!
<p> I was instantly attracted to this jacket because of the collar. The oversized collar is fun and gives the jacket an added element of personality. Overall, the jacket fits well except the sleeves are a tad long. Once I cuff them over, it's ok, but I might have to eventually get the sleeves shortened. The length of the jacket is perfect too. It's not too long, or too short. I like the way it looks on and it flatters my body well. Having the zipper placed diagonally on the jacket is unique. The zipper zips up and down with no problem, and I like the double pockets on each side of the jacket.
<p> The black is a true deep, rich color which I love. A lightweight material makes the jacket comfortable to wear, and it would look fantastic in warmer weather with skinny jeans and riding boots. I can just picture going for a walk wearing this on a warm Spring day. It feels like warm weather is years away! It will be here before you know it though.
<p> This jacket also comes in blue, if you're looking for other colors besides just black. I'm excited to be able to wear it soon. For right now, it hangs in my coat closet in anticipation.
<p> One lucky winner will win their choice of a black or white Mon Cheri jacket.
<h> Tuesday, January 28, 2014
<p> Relaxing in bed is one of my favorite things ever. If I'm home, you can guarantee I'm in bed with the laptop blogging or watching TV. My dog also inherited her mom's love of the square shaped piece of heaven. It's just more comfortable in my opinion to lay in bed than it is to sit on the couch. In college I would do my homework and papers from bed. If my body became fused to the bed, I probably wouldn't mind. My motto is why be uncomfortable when you don't have to be?
<p> Reverie shares my love of all things bed. They are the headquarters for sleep and offer products like sleep system beds, mattresses, adjustable foundations, pillows, and accessories. If you're looking to be as relaxed as possible while in bed, Reverie is your company. Their pillows are firm and durable, while their superior mattresses will whisk you away to Planet Sleep. If you want to transform your chamber of slumber into a sleep oasis, a sleep system is the perfect choice. The sleep system provides customized comfort with an adjustable foundation, so you can choose your most comfortable sleep and resting position. It's time to introduce Reverie into your bedroom. It'll be a decision you'll never regret.
<p> I was sent a Reverie queen sized sweet slumber pillow. This hypoallergenic pillow is composed of shredded natural rubber, a down alternative.
<p> Go ahead and lay your head on me, it's ok. You know you want to.
<p> This pillow is truly magical. When I received it, I couldn't wait to rest my head on it that night and have dreams of candy dancing through my head. What I noticed right away was how large it was. It was much bigger than my other pillows. My queen sized pillow case fit it well with no problems. The concept of shredded rubber was very interesting to me. I have never heard of that before. The firm pillow is extremely comfortable and I really love laying on it. I'm excited to go to bed each night because my sleep will be that much more comfortable. I haven't had a pillow this comfortable in a while.
<p> If you're looking to give your head a break from ordinary pillows, it's time to make the switch to Reverie's sweet slumber pillow. Your bed will thank you.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary pillow in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<p> So many great companies have advertised with me lately. Please check out my sidebar and look at all of the great companies. We have children's products, bridal, greeting cards, skincare, and so much more! There's something for everyone. Perhaps you'll be the next company to advertise with me?
<h> Sunday, January 26, 2014
<p> It would be extremely difficult for me to live life without wearing jewelry. Everyday I leave my house wearing my ring and earrings. Sometimes I'll wear a necklace too depending on the outfit. Jewelry is a great medium that allows you to express yourself and let your personality shine through. My jewelry style is large cocktail rings, chunky necklaces, and dangly earrings. Most ladies would agree with me and say jewelry is important to them. Why not treat yourself to a beautiful piece of jewelry today?
<p> Jewelry Kind offers 140,000 pieces ranging from necklaces and earrings to rings and pendants. They have fashion jewelry along with diamond jewelry too. There are so many pieces that I absolutely love. Whether you're looking for a gift for yourself or for someone else, I can assure you that you'll quickly find many pieces you like. The jewelry ranges from a conservative to modern style and offers a diverse mix for anyone's tastes. If you're looking to fill up your jewelry box or armoire, I recommend doing so from Jewelry Kind.
<p> Here are some bracelets and rings that I wish would magically appear on my fingers and wrist.
<p> One thing that people struggle with is knowing exactly what ring size they are. Check out Jewelry Kind's ring sizer to finally solve the mystery of what your ring size truly is. This is such a helpful guide!
