<h> Saturday, January 12, 2013
<p> I'm not a big technology person, but I do love my iPhone. I check my email and run my blog on it when I'm away from the computer. I stay in touch with my friends and family through texting and phone calls. Of course I also like to play the occasional game and download a new fun app too. When you constantly use your phone, it's likely to have normal wear and tear from daily life. It's important to protect it as best as possible with a durable case. Make sure the name of that case is Otterbox.
<p> Otterbox designs and manufacturers protective cases for smartphones, tablets and mobile technology. The cases come in a variety of styles and colors for anyone's tastes. Whether you want a plain blue or black case, or even one with flowers on the back, Otterbox has you covered. There are different case series that protect against dust, scratches and dropping. I've heard wonderful things about the Otterbox and knew that I eventually wanted to try one of their cases one day. Right now I was in dire need of a new iPhone case. I have a leopard one which I love, but it is not great quality and the sides don't offer protection against drops. Since I have dropped my phone a number of times, the sides of the case have cracked and broken slightly. It's a wonder the screen hasn't cracked either since it didn't have a screen protector. I thank the iPhone gods for that! Due to all of these reasons, I'm glad the Otterbox is now in my life.
<p> When I received the opportunity to try an Otterbox case, I was really excited. I browsed the website and looked at all of the gorgeous iPhone cases and wondered if I was in Apple heaven. I believed I was.
<p> I finally settled on the perennial iPhone 4S case in the defender series. The front of the case is black, but the back has the pattern on it. I loved it as soon as I saw it. Pink is my favorite color and the beautiful flower pattern was right up my alley.
<p> This case features a robust three layer protection which withstands drops, bumps and shocks. The built in screen protector, which is my favorite part, protects against scratches. The port covers keep out dirt and debris. The case come with a belt clip but I'm not going to use that. I usually just keep my phone in my purse. My new home for my iPhone came extremely quickly after placing the order. I always love speedy service! When I received the case I was a little unsure of how I was to put the phone into it. There was an instruction manual but it still was a little confusing. I ended up watching a YouTube video on how to put an Otterbox case on your phone. The video was wonderful and did a great job of explaining how to do it. Within minutes, my perennial was in bloom! The case fit the phone like a dream and I noticed that there was no open spaces on the phone anywhere where damage could potentially happen. You're still able to easily access the volume controls and and the charging port through the case.
<p> What I like most about the case is the screen protector. Sometimes I'm a little clumsy and I drop my phone. Like I mentioned earlier, I am very lucky that my screen has never cracked when I dropped it. Not only would this be terrible, it would be costly too. I don't have to worry anymore about this potentially happening.
<p> The pink hue on the back of the phone is vibrant and brilliant. Bright colors always make me more cheerful and anytime I look at it, it makes me happy.
<p> The phone is very easy to use in the case. I've had no trouble with the touchscreen not recognizing my finger through the screen protector or anything like that. The case is slightly heavier now but that's because the otter is working overtime to make sure your phone is safe and sound. By the way, I really love that otter. I want to give him a hug.
<p> I'm very satisfied with the case so far and I look forward to using it for some time to come! If you're looking for an iPhone case that will truly protect your phone and keep it stylish at the same time, I highly recommend Otterbox.
<h> Thursday, January 10, 2013
<p> Let's take a quick trip down memory lane back to school, shall we? My school years weren't so long ago so I can clearly remember them. A task that I didn't like much during class was taking notes. Flawless note taking is practically impossible to achieve. The teacher could explain a lesson quickly and you don't have time to get in all of the key points necessary. You have to end up abbreviating your notes to make sure you capture everything important. Wouldn't it have been so much easier to have a pen to record extra important details from notes? I know I would have loved that!
<p> Livescribe smart pens digitally capture everything you hear and write, allowing you to simply tap your ink and play back everything you recorded at that specific moment. The Sky wi-fi smart pen wirelessly syncs your notes and audio with your Evernote account, making them immediately accessible on your computer, smartphone, tablet, or the web. When paired with your mobile device, the pen offers the natural feel and precision of writing on paper with the advantages of viewing, sharing, and saving handwritten notes on a tablet!
<p> This is the perfect present for a college or high school student especially around exam time. Don't forget those office employees too! The smartpen would come in handy during a meeting or any other time notes need to be taken. The pen is small and compact enough to fit in a purse, a brief case, a locker, or even your car.
<p> I chose to give this pen to my fiance because he's in graduate school at the moment. He's constantly taking notes and wants to be as clear and concise as possible. He's been nothing but happy with the pen since receiving it. The pen is chunky but still easy to hold and use, he tells me. The black hue is modern and stylish. The pen ink also flows well and is consistent when he writes.
<p> The pen is definitely a lifesaver. He really likes being able to record specific key points, notes, and diagrams that go directly to his Evernote account online. If you try to write everything the professor says, you're going to miss things. He makes sure to record the extra important notes the professor says, so he has it for reference later. Tap your notes and high quality audio plays back what you just recorded. The pen has an easy-to-read digital display on the front face.
<p> An Evernote account is very easy to create and everything you save to the account will be there to view anytime you want. The wireless syncing is very handy as you don't have to worry about forgetting to upload the notes, or even dealing with cords to sync!
<p> My fiance says that the smartpen making note taking much easier and less stressful! The pen stays in a zippered compartment in his backpack for easy access.
<p> If you're looking for an easier way to manage your notebook or notepad, Livescribe's waiting to help you!
<p> Besides poor health, there is another thing that can give you restless disturbed nights, which is a poor quality mattress. If you haven’t been able to have a good night’s sleep, it is a high time that you invested in a high quality mattress, which is none other than a memory foam mattress. There are a number of ways in which this type of mattress can eliminate your restlessness or disturbance at night. They are as follows: -
<p> It reduces back pain and aches
<p> If you usually experience back pain and aches during the night, it is more likely that your mattress isn’t as comfortable as it should be. Memory foam is uniquely designed to relieve pressure points and keep your spine properly aligned. Doctors also recommend firm mattresses as very helpful in reducing back pain, and this type of mattress is good enough to help you have restful nights.
<p> It maintains even temperatures
<p> You may be having restless and disturbed nights due to either very high or low temperatures. With this type of mattress, you can rest assured that this will become a problem of the past. This is because the mattress is sensitive to temperature changes. It tends to conform and soften when the temperatures are high, and on the other hand becomes firmer and viscous when the temperatures are low.
<p> I It reduces motion transfer
<p> A spouse who tosses and turns in bed can cause a lot of disturbance at night. What you need is a mattress that eliminates motion transfer between sleep partners and in this case, memory foam is the most ideal. Its firmness makes it resistant to motion, making it hard for one to notice that his spouse is making movements in bed. It also has the ability to distribute weight evenly, making it very good for you both, whether you sleep on your back, side or your abdomen. The fact that this type of mattress does not have inner springs makes it ideal if you are looking forward to have quiet nights.
<p> It is hypoallergenic
<p> If you are suffering from allergy, asthma or any other type of respiratory disease, it would be wise if you choose a mattress that will not deteriorate your condition. Memory foam is hypoallergenic, which means that it is very ideal for people suffering from allergies. Unlike many other types of mattresses on the market, this type of mattress neither produces dust, nor attracts bed bugs.
<p> Besides mattresses, you can also experience some benefits with memory foam pillows and mattress toppers. In order for you to experience these immense benefits brought about by these outstanding products, it would be a wise thing for you to buy from a reliable online shop. You must ensure that the store that you intend to buy from has a good reputation in availing high quality memory foam mattresses to interested buyers. You can also check out for discounts and other excellent after sale services that will make your purchase worth while.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a guest post which I am being compensated for posting.
<h> Wednesday, January 9, 2013
<p> Let's face it, we all have bad hair days. On those days, we just want to wear a hat and hide from people. If you feel this way, you're certainly not alone! John Frieda has created products to tame frizz and flyaways and help you feel more confident with your appearance. It's time to face the world with a smile!
<p> John Frieda is an English celebrity hairstylist and founder of hair salons and styling products. This brand is your go-to choice for keeping your hair looking fabulous and beautiful at all times. John Frieda produces shampoos and conditioners, and volumizing products and serums. Of course you can't forget hair brushes, blow dryers, flat irons, and curling irons too! Whatever you need to make your look its best, John Frieda is there for you.
<p> I know my hair could always use a boost. I'm always on the lookout for new products meant to give my hair extra body and smooth away those annoying fly-away's. John Frieda is one brand that I've had immediate success with. I've been using their shampoo's for years now and always love the results I achieve. Let John Frieda work his hair magic on you with the following products:
<p> A small change can make a big difference to the healthy look of your hair. This shampoo with natural eucylptus hydrates your scalp, nourishes from roots to ends and stimulates your senses. You will achieve hair that's noticeably more radiant and resilient with every use of the shampoo. This shampoo is safe for color treated hair.
<p> Nourish your hair and scalp with this nourishing and moisturizing conditioner. The eucylpatus ingredient is formulated to deeply hydrate your hair from roots to ends for silky smooth hair. The conditioner acts on dry, depeleted ends and invigorates the scalp.
<p> The John Frieda Frizz-Ease Heat Defense Protective Styling Spray works with heat tools and conditions and straightens for up to 24 hours. With ThermaGuard Complex, it protects against damage from daily heat styling.
<p> The John Frieda Full Repair Flyaway Tamer is truly a gift from up above! This product works great on taming flyaway's and keeping your up-do looking flawless. Simply use on dried, styled hair and brush wand over broken hairs to smooth unruly flyaway's. Reapply as needed. Your frayed ends will never look better thanks to John Frieda! This is an ideal item for on-the-go touch ups and a boost of shine.
<p> It's time for you to make room in your bathroom for your new beauty routine. Answer the phone because great hair is on the line!
<h> Saturday, January 5, 2013
<p> Winter can take a harsh toll on our skin. The cold air dries out skin and leaves it rough and tired looking. Moisturizer can help but only temporarily. Not long after the abrasive and dry skin returns. Wouldn't it be nice to wake up with revitalized and healthier skin in just 7 days?
<p> Osmotics Blue Copper 5 Molecular Repair Treatment is a soothing restorative serum that reduces redness and irritation from dry, harsh climates and aggressive dermal procedures. This treatment is an absolute must for anyone facing changes in climate, stress level, hormones or overall environment.
<p> Try Osmotics and you can rescue dull and stressed skin with a powerful seven night ampouile treatment. In just 7 days your skin will be firmer, healthier and more radiant! It's time that you had a complexion that glowed from within.
<h> Friday, January 4, 2013
<p> There's so many uses for personalized items nowadays. You could personalize a mug and a totebag with a picture of the grandchildren for grandma, you can personalize a thermos or water bottle with your company's logo too. You can't forget personalized t-shirts for your next fundraiser either. Personalized items help a memorable event become a reality and leave you with a smile every time you see them.
<p> CafePress is where the world shops for custom t-shirts and other unique gifts that express people's unique personalities. You'll find millions of one of a kind designs on every topic imaginable. Whether you're looking for political expressions, funny stickers, or any other kind of fun personalized product. You can make your own personalized gifts with CafePress's easy design tool. This tool gives you the freedom to add photos and text, and even create designs or logo from scratch. Get creative and personalize a totebag, coffee mug, t-shirt, bumper sticker, poster and much more.
<p> If you're in the market for a great birthday present for that resident electronic and technology lover in your family, I have a great idea for you! Why not personalize an iPad case for them? Create it just for them with their favorite animal and their school colors, or even their name on it too. If they play sports, put their jersey number on it. Create a funky retro pattern that they will love The possibilities are endless. The case will certainly put a smile on their face when they receive it. You could also keep the case and personalize it to your liking as well. Nothing wrong with treating yourself! :)
<p> Here are some examples:
<p> As you can see, the style choices are endless. Let those creatives juices flow!
<h> Sunday, December 30, 2012
<p> If you're looking for a delicious cake for your next event or party, let me introduce you to Cake Devils. Get ready to have your mouth water!
<p> Cake Devils specializes in beautiful and delicious custom cakes for every occasion. Please keep them in mind for a future graduation, wedding, birthday, or even Easter dinner! The company primarily services New York and New Jersey and the lower Hudson Valley.
<p> The cakes are available with fillings such as buttercream in any flavor to compliment cake, fresh fruit, pudding, mousse, cream cheese and cookies and cream. How about topping off your cake with a delicious frosting flavor like caramel, white chocolate, meringue, cream cheese, chocolate ganache and more? I know I would be in sweet treat heaven! Cheesecakes and liquor infused cakes are also made. If you need the cake for a special event or celebration like a child's first birthday or first communion fondant is available too.
<p> Cake Devils also offers cookies but their cakes are the main star of the show. I was sent a large assortment of snicker doodle and chocolate pumpkin cookies which I happily gobbled up. The cookies were fresh and extremely delicious. I loved the cinnamon sugar on the snickerdoodles and the chocolate paired perfectly with the pumpkin.
<p> Here are some examples of the cakes offered:
<p> Baby sock monkey cake
<p> Birthday cake
<p> Toolbox cake
<p> Easter cake
<p> As you can see, they do a wide variety of cakes in different styles. Why not use them for your next event? You won't be disappointed!
<h> Saturday, December 29, 2012
<p> The holidays are all about treats and indulgence. Hot chocolate with a splash of mint, a warm fresh out of the oven snickerdoodle cookie, or even some hearty eggnog is always on the holiday agenda. I feel that this time of the year is the perfect time to spend enjoying yourself with friends and family. Have some laughs and share some family memories over a gift basket of holiday goodies!
<p> A Pour Toi, which translates to "a present for you" is a start up company which was just founded in December 2012. The public launch will go live next month. The company focuses on the elegant gifting experience that nurtures relationship through the joy of a present. Each month, the founder curates a box full of healthy and delicious foods. Wouldn't you love to receive a box each month filled with foods that you enjoy? Goodies are always best shared with others, I believe.
<p> I was sent a box of holiday treats which I couldn't wait to dive into. The packaging on the box is very unique. The box sort of slides open on an angle and inside your treats are revealed in a fun drawstring bag.
<p> As my eyes danced over the goodies, I wasn't sure what to try first. I quickly settled on the chocolate vanilla swirl cookies, of course! These thin, bite-sized cookies had a light dusting of chocolate sugar on them and they were irresistible! They were crunchy and had a texture similar to a graham cracker. The chocolate was light and subtle but still gave the cookie a nice sweet flavor. The sugar crystals on top gleamed in the light, and the light of my stomach too. :) These would go well with a cup of coffee or tea perfectly.
<p> The Italian butterhorns were my absolute favorite, hands down. These twisted treats fit in my heart like a glove! The cookies are made from a light buttery dough and filled with cinnamon sugar and walnuts. The outside also has cinnamon sugar on it too. It's light and flaky and just plain delicious. I quickly became obsessed with them. The inside is soft and just perfect. I honestly can't get enough of them. I've never had one before and wanted to eat the whole bag in one sitting. I still do!
<p> I tried the bitter chocolate truffles next. The outside of the truffle was rolled in a very bitter dusting of chocolate. Not exactly my favorite, but as soon as you get past that you're in the center of the chocolate universe. Inside was smooth and rich chocolate that will make your taste buds sing and then you know all is right in the world. It truly was fabulous chocolate.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of these treats in the next coming days. I know I can't resist them for too long. :)
<h> Thursday, December 27, 2012
<p> One of the many things that I enjoy in life is shopping. Whether I'm shopping for clothes, housewares, shoes, or jewelry it doesn't matter, I love it all. The hunt for new items that appeal to me is always exciting and fun. Imagine receiving a surprise package containing a gorgeous dress or necklace that quickly becomes your favorite? StitchFix believes in the art of suspense and surprise and will gladly put a smile on your face when you receive a package from them.
<p> StitchFix is available to create an innovative shopping experience for you. You simply let them know your size and style preference, and they send you a selection of the latest and greatest of what's hot now. You try on everything at home and only keep what fits. You can send back what you don't like free of charge. Wouldn't you love to be guaranteed 5 items (jewelry, dresses, tops/bottoms, skirts) that are hand-picked to match your style?
<p> I was contacted recently to try StitchFix's service. I was excited at the thought of a mystery package containing items that were right up my alley. The survey was easy. I filled out a form asking my sizes and what kind of style I liked most. The survey had pictures of outfits and I was asked to select which outfit I liked best. I was encouraged to write in anything that I didn't like. I told them I didn't want anything too form fitting on my stomach or butt. Within a few days, a package showed up at my door. My StitchFix had arrived and I couldn't wait to check out the loot!
<p> What's inside? Let's see! I loved how perfectly everything was presented. It was like Christmas, days before Christmas!
<p> I received a silver and black chunky chain necklace (sorry I forgot to take a picture of it!), Ebisu tab sleeve scoopneck blouse, Nashville sueded asymmetric vest, Josie tie front sleeveless dress, and a Cowell knit hi-low sweater. I loved a lot of the pieces right away. The best part is that StitchFix is perfect for branching you out of your comfort zone. I wouldn't have bought a lot of these pieces in the store but with the right accessories, they can look amazing! Each item features a card telling you about the item and giving you some style advice on how to pair it with certain items. I would have never thought to pair the Nashville sueded asymmetric vest with a striped long-sleeve shirt, but it looks wonderful! The pieces are very versatile, which is wonderful. The Josie tie dress can be paired with heels or flats in the summer, and in the winter a sweater and tights and boots! The possibilities are endless.
<p> This dress is gorgeous. It fits me perfectly, is not too clingy and I love the color! The soft but vibrant red is perfect for wearing around holiday time, not to mention can brighten up a grey winter's day. The material is comfortable and light-weight. I haven't yet worn this dress but every time I pass it in my closet, I'm reminded that I need to wear it asap! I envision pairing it with a warm black cardigan and some gold accessories to complete the look.
<p> This vest was hard to photograph. It's a dark grey, almost black color. It's perfect for wearing over a favorite long-sleeved tee to keep warm in the winter. The vest has some weight to it, but it's comfortable. When I first laid eyes on it, it reminded me of doing karaoke in a small bar in Nashville, TN. It definitely has a southern feel to it. This is certainly not something I would go out of my way to buy in a store, but I found myself attracted to it when I saw it. I was not sure what to wear it with a first, but the card that came attached to the vest gave me some fashion inspiration. I would love to pair this with some gold or silver accessories and a fabulous pair of black riding boots.
<p> This is my absolute favorite piece that I received. The top has a cute black and pink small dotted pattern all over. What is great about this top is that you can pair it with jeans and boots, or even jeans and heels too. I wore it to work today and I paired it with a black pencil skirt, black tights, flats and I tucked the top in. It looked really cute. It can easily transform from work to play. The top is comfortable and lightweight. It's wearable year round, just pair it with a cardigan in the colder months of the year.
<p> I was not a big fan of this sweater, and I sent it back. I did not like the way it looked on. It was bigger on the bottom than on the top and just was not flattering on me. Too bad I didn't like it though because it was soft and cozy and would've looked perfect with a pair of black riding boots and skinny jeans!
<p> I do not have a picture of the necklace, but I sent that back too. I didn't like the way it fit. It wasn't really my style either. I did keep all of the other items pictured.
<p> I am very impressed with StitchFix. The clothes fit me well and my stylist did a great job of trying to pick pieces that match my style. I would certainly order from them again. A surprise package from StitchFix would make a great upcoming Valentine's Day present for your girlfriend or wife, and an equally as perfect birthday present too! Surprise the fashionista in your life with some fashion love from StitchFix!
<h> Friday, December 21, 2012
<p> We focus so much on our own day to day lives and families that it can be easy to forget about the family pet. Pets are our furry friends and maybe even your four legged child if you don't have a human child. They love us unconditionally and ask for nothing in return but a tummy rub and a game of fetch. Why not spoil your dog and offer them some yummy treats? They will give you a lick and a woof in return!
<p> Loving Pets is a New Jersey based pet company which focuses on high quality, all natural pet treats and decorative stainless steel feeding bowls and dishes. This company wants only the best for your dog and works hard to provide you with quality products. Loving Pets vision is to provide pet owners with healthy alternatives they can feel good about giving their pampered pets. Your dog will give you a great big woof in return for treating them to a wonderful Loving Pets product!
<p> If your dog loves treats, they will go absolutely tail-waggin' crazy for Grill-licious treats! These are 100% all natural beef, chicken, and turkey treats. Sourced and made in the USA, these lean and tasty "flame kissed" meats are mixed with antioxidant-rich sweet potato and come in regular or bite sized to suit any dog. They are soy free, gluten free and have no added preservatives or additives. The only thing this treat has is a huge flavor that your dog will enjoy.
<p> Which flavor do you think your dog will like best? My dog is a foodaholic and would gladly gobble up any treat she was given, even if it was dirt flavored!
<p> Go ahead and give a Grill-licious treat to your dog for no reason, they deserve one just for being them. :)
