<h> Tuesday, June 24, 2014
<p> I moved into my new house about a month ago. This is the first home that I've lived in in my adult life that I have a backyard and front garden area. I grew up in a house with a large front and back yard, but since I've been on my own I've lived in apartments. Now that summer is here, it's time to make sure your yard is full of beautiful multi-colored flowers and tons of outdoor garden decor. I've definitely made sure my yard is festive and full of color. Pick your favorite flowers that will make you smile each time you walk past them.
<p> Oriental Trading carries an irresistible amount of fun value-priced products for every occasion. If you're on the hunt for party supplies, novelties, toys, crafts, and party favors, you've come to the right spot. I do believe Oriental Trading has everything you could ever need to throw any themed party possible for your child. Don't forget to use the company for wedding supplies and bridal shower needs too. If you're throwing a baby shower for a friend or relative, all of your baby needs are covered, thanks to Oriental Trading. Please keep them in mind for your summer luau, BBQ, or pool party too. All of the products will help make your next party or event extra special and fun.
<p> Since moving into my new house, I've been very interested in trying to give my yard as much personality and pizazz as possible. I was inspired by my neighbor who has tons of wonderful and very pretty garden decor. You can find practically anything in her yard including butterflies, dragon flies, windchimes, etc. I knew that her garden was putting mine to shame! When I stumbled across Oriental Trading's outdoor decor section, I knew I had to have some of the decor in my yard.
<p> These stained glass garden glazing balls are so pretty! The vivid colors are featured in blue, pink, and green. You can put them together in your yard for a colorful addition, or use them in separate areas of your yard too. I chose to put them by the plants that I have near my front walkway. They break up the green of the plants and add some nice personality. The set is weighted and has a metal stake that securely allows them to stay in the ground. When the sun shines on them it reflects the stained glass and it's very beautiful. I am very happy with the quality of them and look forward to enjoying them for some time to come.
<p> How cute is this hedgehog family? It certainly looks like a momma and her babies! These resin hedgehogs love hanging out on decks, porches, and in backyards. As long as they're outside, they're happy. I love that they add a touch of whimsical fun to my backyard. I thought about putting them by the steps of my house but felt like they didn't fit in there. I chose to put them in the backyard and they fit much better there. I showed the set to my dog Carolyn and she licked the momma hedgehog, so she certainly gives her stamp of approval. The set is lightweight but quality made. They make me smile each time I look at them.
<p> This frog is certainly lost and confused! Perhaps he's looking for his butterfly friend who is not too far away at all? I placed the statue also in the same area of my front walkway where the glazed garden balls are. I think the statue fits in well there and adds some personality to the plants. He is resin and very lightweight if you desire to move him from place to place in your yard. He is just adorable and I really enjoy seeing him each time I pass him by.
<p> I'm extremely satisfied with my garden decor and look forward to adding more additions in the months to come. Why not go ahead and add some fun to your yard today?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Oriental Trading for the complimentary product samples in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Friday, June 20, 2014
<p> Italian is one of my favorite foods. If given the chance, I could certainly eat it everyday. My favorites are gnocchi, tortellini, and baked ziti. Who doesn't love perfectly cooked pasta topped with rich and hearty marinara sauce? Don't forget the flavorful cheese either, and lots of it! The only thing missing is a slice of freshly baked garlic bread. Go ahead and indulge in a delicious plate of pasta tonight.
<p> Michael Angelo's makes the best frozen Italian entrees from real Italian recipes. Don't let frozen food fool you. These meals are made from scratch in small batches using the highest quality natural ingredients they can find. They lock in the fresh homemade Italian flavors, then it's off to the grocery store within days, not weeks or months like other frozen foods. There are three different categories of products featured in the Michael Angelo's family.
<p> The signature collection offers treasured dishes that have been passed down from one generation to the next. How does risotto bologenese, cheese ravioli, or even chicken alfredo sound? Of course, chicken parmesan, and meat lasagna among many others are also available. The natural category features unsurpassed quality food that Michael Angelo's also takes pride in making wholesome and nutritious too. Go ahead and try options like four cheese lasagna, baked eggplant parmesan, stuffed manicotti with sauce, turkey and cheddar calzone, and pepperoni and cheese pizza calzone. Lastly, the club category is meant for large families and parties when you need to supersize your Michael Angelo's meal! These meals are offered from previous categories but found at your local bulk club stores.
<p> Recently, Michael Angelo's announced the launch of five new large sizes of 100 percent natural meals at Walmart. You can't go wrong with new sizes of brand favorites for your next party including meat lasagna available in 46 and 80 ounces, baked ziti with meatballs in 44 ounces, and eggplant parmesan in 44 and 80 ounces. Don't let packed schedules stop you from enjoying quality meals with friends and family.
<p> I was given the opportunity to review these new meals and couldn't say yes fast enough! I went to Walmart and purchased each dish. I then invited some friends over that night to help me try everything since there was more than enough food for everyone.
<p> Is it legal to marry baked ziti?
<p> The baked ziti and meatballs were the first dish that all of us tried. This dish is made carefully with 100% semolina ziti pasta and beef meatballs, and only prepared with ingredients found in an everyday kitchen. Combined with vine-ripened tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and romano cheese, this Italian classic will have everybody coming back for seconds. I've never had baked ziti with meatballs before, so that was an interesting new twist. What surprised me was how fresh this meal was. It didn't taste frozen at all, but tasted like my friends and I were enjoying it in an Italian restaurant. The sauce was delicious and tasted full of herbs, the pasta perfectly cooked, and the fabulous cheese was bursting with flavor. The meatballs were also very juicy and full of great Italian spices. Not many people wanted to talk while sampling this meal because it was so delicious. Each bite was better than the last and I soaked up all the sauce with fabulous french bread.
<p> Next, I served the eggplant parmesan. I have to say that I'm not always a fan of eggplant. The way some restaurants and people cook it turns me off. For me to enjoy eggplant parmesan, there has to be not too much breading action going on. Lightly breaded is the way to go. I wanted to put Michael Angelo's version to the test to see if I enjoyed it.
<p> Hello, eggplant!
<p> This family-treasured eggplant parmesan recipe is made with fresh, lightly-breaded eggplant and just the right amount of tomato sauce. It's topped with mozzarella cheese and sprinkled with a blend of imported parmesan-reggiano and pecorino cheeses. Again, Michael Angelo's did not disappoint! The eggplant was lightly breaded just like I liked it. The breading was noticeable, but did not mask the flavor of the true star of the show which was the eggplant. The eggplant was fresh and had a great mild flavor. The cheeses and tomato sauce were once again excellent, and the dish was very fresh.
<p> Lastly, we all tried the meat lasagna. I love lasagna and rarely eat it, so I was really looking forward to trying it. A true treat if I do say so myself!
<p> My taste buds and stomach agree that it's love at first bite.
<p> The meat lasagna is Michael Angelo's best seller made with pecorino romano cheese, imported from Italy. Fresh beef, vine-ripened tomatoes, and a secret blend of herbs are sauteed in imported olive oil. The 100% percent semolina lasagna noodles and premium cheeses are layered to make the best pre-made lasagna dish around. This dish was my absolute favorite hands down and I can definitely see why it's their best selling entree. The thick lasagna noodles paired with the blend of spices, beef, cheese, and sauce was just out of this world. My mouth hadn't tasted something this fabulous in a long time! The lasagna was dense and very hearty, certainly a dish that will fill you up fast if you're hungry. I gobbled up my portion in no time and went for seconds. I very rarely have seconds of anything! My friends were also very impressed with this dish and couldn't believe it went from my freezer to the oven. They were sure that I secretly cooked it myself!
<p> Everyone really enjoyed the dishes from Michael Angelo's and by the end of the sampling party we were all stuffed! I'll definitely be buying products from this brand again in the future. Please keep Michael Angelo's in mind for your next family or office party! Don't forget the garlic bread and of course dessert too.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a gift card to purchase these meals at Walmart. All opinions are solely mine.
<h> Tuesday, June 17, 2014
<p> I'm a big snacker who certainly appreciates any opportunity to try a new snack. Crackers, chips, and pretzels are all apart of my snacking specialty. Anything with a crunch makes my belly smile. I believe that snacks should be best enjoyed with friends at parties, or during a movie. As long as you limit your snacking, you should be fine. Go ahead and enjoy some delicious chips today!
<p> Triscuit offers delicious whole-wheat baked snaked crackers for your taste bud's enjoyment. This delicious square shaped piece of heaven comes in many different flavors such as hint of salt, garden herb, rosemary and olive oil, roasted red pepper, fire roasted tomato and olive oil, balsamic and basil, and much more. There's certainly a flavor for everyone's taste and palette. If you're having a summer BBQ or party in the next coming weeks, Triscuit would be a great snack to serve alongside your favorite dip. The crunch that Triscuit provides is unlike any other cracker. I bet you can't have just one either. If you've never previously tried this snack before, you'll be in for a true treat when you do.
<p> Recently, Triscuit has come out with a new brand of brown rice crackers. Some of the flavors include sour cream and chive, wasabi and soy sauce, and cinnamon sugar, among others. These crackers have more of a triangle shape than the traditional square shape. Don't worry though, the fantastic flavor and crunch is still there!
<p> Which flavor do you like best?
<p> I am not big on spice, so the wasabi and soy sauce wouldn't be my first choice. The cinnamon sugar and sour cream and chive definitely look right up my alley. Put these in a bowl next to a big glass of cold iced tea and I'll be good to go. The next time you're looking for a satisfying snack, please turn to Triscuit. They will not disappoint.
<h> Monday, June 16, 2014
<p> Now that I'm expecting my first child later this year, I've come to realize all of the items that new babies need. Forget just the standard crib and changing table that everyone thinks of, babies also need a swing, pack 'n play, jumper, exersaucer, and the list goes on and on. Of course you want to make sure you have the best products available to provide baby with security and dependability. Graco is here to make you and baby happy and satisfied.
<p> Graco is the headquarters for everything and anything you could need for baby. This brand is surely one of the few that instantly come to mind when I think of baby products. Graco's product line-up includes strollers, high chairs, pack 'n play, car seats, swings, and more. The best part about Graco is that their products transition with your child as they age and grow. Everyone loves to give me pregnancy and baby advice and I've been recommended Graco strollers and car seats from many people. So it goes to show you that people are loyal to a brand they trust. If you know someone who's pregnant or has just recently had a baby, why not gift them with a Graco swing or pack 'n play? They will surely love it!
<p> Don't worry Mom, I'm just going to hang out in here for a while. Can you get me some extra toys while you're in the next room?
<p> This isn't just your standard pack 'n play at all! This playard offers a rocking seat which gently vibrates to soothe your newborn baby, as well as a changing pad for quick diaper changes. Both the rocking seat and changing pad are on top of the playard and are removable. The rocking seat has a canopy to shield baby from bright light or sun. So if you wanted to take baby out in the yard with you while you entertain the dog and your other kids, that would be a fantastic option. The fabric is machine washable. A great bonus of the changing pad is that you don't have to run upstairs to baby's room every time you need to change a diaper. The side of the pack 'n play offers three convenient storage cubbies which holds a box of wipes, diapers, and anything else you may need. The unit seems very high quality and reliable. I like that the material and colors are gender neutral too.
<p> I think once I have the baby in December, I will be setting up the unit in my living room. If I'm downstairs, baby can nap in it while I do chores or even blog. It's not always convenient to have to go upstairs to grab whatever baby needs, it's much easier to be on the same level as baby. In the beginning if baby is fussy, I will put them in the rocking seat for some quick relaxation to help calm them down. I will also change baby on the changing pad downstairs thanks to the convenient diaper and wipe storage on the side.
<p> If you choose to have baby sleep in the pack 'n play, simply take the changing pad and rocking seat off the top and place baby in the bassinet. The open view allows baby to see everything that's going on so they stay in the loop. Another soothing feature of this pack n' play is that it features five different options of music to keep them entertained and happy. The pack 'n play grows with your child from newborn, infant, and then to toddler. The bassinet feature comes out to provide you with a spacious and open pack n' play that your child can play and be entertained in.
<p> If you travel, the pack 'n play conveniently folds up and goes into a storage bag to allow for easy plane or car travel. Going to Grandma's for Christmas and she doesn't have a crib? No problem, your child can sleep in the pack 'n play comfortably and conveniently.
<p> I am very impressed with Graco's product and truly think they really thought of everything to make this a superstar product for both mom and baby. Once my baby gets here, I know the playard will get a lot of use.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Graco for providing me with a complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Sunday, June 15, 2014
<p> Ironing is not something I'm a big fan of. I much prefer to take a freshly dried article of clothing and fold it and put it away. Luckily most of the materials and fabrics I own are not susceptible to wrinkles. I will occasionally iron a dress or my husband's work shirt though. Let's face it, who wants to set up the ironing board and wait for the iron to heat up? I know I have better things to do. Downy recognizes that women are busy and life can be hectic. It's time to let irons be a thing of the past and allow wrinkles to be instantly eliminated.
<p> Downy has been keeping your fabrics soft, long-lasting, and smelling fabulous for over 50 years. The product line-up at Downy includes liquid and infused fabric softener and sheets, as well as in-wash scent boosters, the famous Downy ball, and Downy Wrinkle Releaser Plus. I have many favorites of laundry care products and Downy is one that's close to my heart. The scent that your clothes are left with after washing is long-lasting and quality. If you've never previously used Downy before, give your washing machine a treat today.
<p> A relatively new product to Downy's family is Downy's Wrinkle Releaser Plus. This fabulous bottle of magic will make moms all around the world very happy. It's time to banish that old, archaic iron to the garage or attic.
<p> Just spray, tug, and smooth any time you need to quickly reduce wrinkles without the hassle of an iron. Downy's Wrinkle Releaser Plus is an easy-to-use spray that smoothes out wrinkles in seconds and leaves clothes with a light fresh scent. The unique formula relaxes fibers to help release wrinkles, not to mention it reduces static and odors too.
<p> Any time you need to eliminate wrinkles from clothing or linens, let Downy do the hard work for you. Go ahead and sit back and relax. Don't worry, Downy's got you covered.
<h> Thursday, June 12, 2014
<p> These days it seems like I'm only printing out coupons and store promotional discounts. I don't use my printer quite as much as I used to, but when I do need it I want to make sure the printing job is as optimal as possible. I own one of those fancy all-in-one printers that when given the opportunity it can print professional looking work. Let's face it, printer ink is extremely expensive which can deter people from using their printer as much as they would actually like. It's time to stop dreading expensive ink cartridge prices and start celebrating them at a lower price!
<p> Supplies Outlet carries over 2,000 different toner and ink cartridges to save you over 60% off of standard retail prices. Who wants to pay more for printer ink than they have to? I know I don't. Save money off of ink for your Brother, Epson, Canon, Dell, and HP printer, among others. The ink works just like any other ink you'd buy at your major electronics store, but for way less money! If you've been waiting to replace your magenta or cyan ink cartridge because of costly prices, it's time to save money and print to your hearts content now.
<p> I have to be honest with you, once my printer ink ran out I didn't replace it. I was horrified at the price to replace each color. I thought someone could go to college for four years for a cheaper price than it would be to replace all cartridges. So my printer sat colorless for months. I chose to print out whatever I needed at my office. Once I stumbled upon Supplies Outlet, thoughts of printed pages danced in my head.
<p> I was sent a variety of printer ink for my Epson Artisan 725 printer. The variety contained truly every color you needed; magenta, cyan, black, etc. If it was a standard color you can bet that it was in the box. The cartridges looked similar to what I was used to and they snapped right into my printer within moments.
<p> Discount printer ink is now close to my heart.
<p> As you can see I'll be good with ink for quite some time! Once the printer was up and running I did a test print. A sheet of paper slid out filled with glorious bright colors. It was like an artist's dream! I couldn't believe how crisp, clear, and of high quality the colors were. Nothing printed any differently than my standard name brand ink cartridges could do. I questioned why I would spend money on expensive cartridges when Supplies Outlet is there to keep my money in my wallet.
<p> If you run your own business, buying your printer supplies from this company is an absolute must! I highly recommend them.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, June 11, 2014
<p> When I moved into my new house, I was amazed at how much wall space I had to fill it with beautiful art and pictures. This townhouse has 3 levels all which offer plenty of space to showcase whatever you desire. I brought over some pieces from my old apartment, but I knew I wanted some new pieces too. Nothing makes a house feel like a home than hanging up family pictures and art that is important to you. Go ahead and find some wall space today for a new picture that will make you smile.
<p> Canvas Champ helps bring your memories from your mind onto canvas in all different sizes. The extremely affordable prices allow you to put your favorite pictures onto canvas which then will adorn your walls. If you're after more than just canvas, how about peel and stick pictures, photo boards, metal prints, acrylic prints, and canvas banners? Canvas prints make fantastic birthday presents for just about any occasions. Give Grandma a canvas picture of her grandchildren, or how about surprising your wife with a picture of the whole family on canvas above the mantle? The options are endless. It's time to stop preserving pictures on the computer or on your camera, bring them to life on your walls!
<p> When I have my baby in December, I plan on having a family picture of the three of us done on canvas. I think that will look just beautiful on the wall in my hallway. Until then, my current child is my dog Carolyn. She is my pride and joy and I love her to pieces. I wanted to have a picture of her done on canvas to hang in my bedroom. When I was contacted by Canvas Champ, I knew they would do a perfect job of bringing her from photo to canvas!
<p> I was sent a 12x8 canvas of my furry angel. I think it's the perfect size. It's not too big, but not too small either. The canvas came extremely quickly and was packaged securely to ensure no damage. The quality of the canvas is very clear and sharp.
<p> This is one of my favorite pictures of Carolyn. I took it a few days after we got her. She was still settling into her new life and slowly getting comfortable. She didn't play with toys right away because she was nervous, but the pizza toy was the first toy she played with! This picture definitely brings back memories because she is a much different dog today. She runs and plays and squeaks her toys all the time.
<p> I am very satisfied with the job that Canvas Champ did. The canvas itself is quality made and durable. I can tell it won't easily break so I'll be able to admire Carolyn all the time! I will certainly be considering Canvas Champ in the future when it comes time for me to take family photos. If you're looking for affordable artwork or family pictures for your home, I recommend Canvas Champ.
<h> Monday, June 9, 2014
<p> Lemonade is my drink of choice each and every summer. I don't like it overly sweet, but the perfect balance of sweet and tart is ideal.
<p> Lately, I've been experimenting with flavored lemonades. Of course the original is still dear to my heart, but how can you go wrong with cranberry or strawberry lemonade? You can't. If you really want to live on the edge, you can even pour yourself a refreshing glass of sparkling lemonade.
<p> What is your favorite kind of lemonade? Do you like it very sweet or more tart?
<h> Friday, June 6, 2014
<p> ***Disclosure:This post was made possible byDouble Duty Divas and Luvs. I was compensated for my participation in this campaign, but all opinions are 100% mine.***
<p> Now that I'm having my first child later this year, I'm much more in tune to parenting and baby topics. I want to make sure I have as much knowledge as possible. There's so much to learn and know!
<p> If you haven't already heard, ABC is airing a new television show called Bet on Your Baby between May 31-July 19th. This 8 episode run features toddlers competing against themselves in a variety of fun activities. Kids are so funny and I'm sure the show will bring a lot of laughs and smiles. The best part is that all winnings will go into a college fund for the child to use later in life. I'm sure the child would prefer a more fun prize at that age, but the parents will absolutely love it.
<p> Luvs, a well known diaper brand, has partnered with Bet on Your Baby and the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals in a very special way. For every use of the hashtag #LuvsBYOB, Luvs will donate a diaper to the Children's Miracle Hospital. Babies need lots of diapers and the fact that Luvs will provide up to 10,000 is wonderful. The Children's Miracle Network Hospital raises funds and awareness for 170 children's hospitals across North America. They work tirelessly to ensure the best for children, always. To learn more about hospital, please follow them on Facebook and Twitter. Don't forget to follow Luvs on Facebook and Twitter as well.
<p> A very special episode of Bet on Your Baby on June 14 will feature Josh Miller and his parents, Laura and Josh. This brave little boy is only 5 and was born without tibiae in his legs, which means that he has to have prosthetic legs. He is so young and has already had multiple surgeries including one for his heart. I can't imagine what that must be like. He is a fighter though!
<p> This article helps readers understand more what life is like for Josh.
<p> Keeping up with Joshua Miller isn't easy, neither is keeping him down. Like the little engine that could, Josh never ever backs down from a challenge. It's hard to imagine this strong little boy was at one time so fragile. His mom Laura was told during pregnancy Josh would be different. His condition: Werner's Mesomaliac Dysplasia with Hirshprungs. "It's quite a mouthful," Laura tells me.
<p> Josh was born with multiple challenges inside and out. His most obvious difference: no tibias. There was no bone connecting his knees to his feet, and he didn't pop out with 10 fingers and toes. "Our son actually had 26 digits all together because he had 7 digits on each foot and 6 digits on each hand," Laura explains.
<p> "I've almost been through 8 surgeries. One was very difficult, the heart surgery. I almost died but I lived through it," Josh remembers.
<p> At Children's Hospital Los Angeles Cardiologist Jackie Szmuzkovicz explains Josh was born with a defect that blocked blood flow, between his lungs and his heart. Now that he's recovered from open heart surgery, she marvels at how active he is today, "To me that's the most important sign that his heart is doing well."
<p> Laura still remembers living with the fear of all that could go wrong. Why didn't it? "He hasn't learned to feel sorry for himself. He hasn't learned to be downtrodden," she says. On the contrary, Josh sees himself as a role model. He already competed in 3 triathlons to raise money for the Challenged Athlete Foundation., and he often meets with new amputees to show them all that he's learned to do.
<p> Foot pain is a subject that I'm quite familiar with. I'm stubborn and sometimes choose fashion over comfort, which leaves my feet screaming at the end of the day. It's hard for me to resist a cute pair of sandals or heels, what women can? My feet have been tortured by many blisters and irritation in their day, especially in the summer. Now that I'm older, it's more important to me to take care of my feet and have preventive measures to keep that pain at bay. Be kind to your feet, they can only take so much!
<p> Dr. Scholl's is your headquarters for foot support and foot care products. When I think of gel inserts, Dr. Scholl's is the first brand I envision. The product line-up includes shoe insoles and inserts, pain relief orthotics, and custom fit orthotics. If you have foot pain issues, let Dr. Scholl's address them first-hand. The brand has been around for many, many years and provides fabulous results for your feet. I love that the products address so many foot needs and issues depending on what your specific problem area is. With summer coming, all women will need a high heel insert or a ball of foot cushion when you wear your new pair of sandals or wedges. Don't be in pain anymore, let Dr. Scholl's provide relief to your feet and end that pain for once and for all.
<p> Recently, Dr. Scholl's has introduced some new DreamWalk products which will surely make walking feel like a dream now! This product line-up offers a full line of solutions for heels, flats, and everything in between. You'll certainly be able to remedy uncomfortable shoes.
<p> Who's interested in non-stop comfort? I know I am!
<p> These Dr. Scholl's 16 hour insoles provide non-stop comfort all day and night. With superior shock absorption and an ultra-thin design, they offer comfort and great fit in a variety of shoes. The insoles are for women's shoe sizes 6-10. If you have a job where you're on your feet all day and you have intense pain at the end of your shift, these are definitely for you. Slip them into your sneakers, flats, or boots and you'll be pain free and smiling all day.
<p> Now you can be stylish and pain-free again in your favorite shoes.
<p> The ball of your foot is a sensitive spot, let Dr. Scholl's ball of foot cushions help. They are engineered to help prevent ball of foot pain. Their ultra-thin design prevents toe scrunch and allows them to fit comfortably in every shoe. Just staring at this picture above reminds me of how many times I've had a blister on the bottom of my foot. I can't tell you how painful that is! Luckily the ball of your foot is now in good hands and will no longer be subjected to pain and irritation. Just stick them into your shoe where they will securely stay and offer you relief whenever you need it.
<p> Stop dreading those heels and start proudly wearing them. Foot pain is a thing of the past.
<p> For the career women who wear heels everyday to work, I have exciting news for you! Dr. Scholl's high heels insoles will be your new best friend. These insoles are clinically proven to help prevent foot pain from heels 2" or higher. The best part is that they now feature a wicking top cloth fabric designed to keep feet dry. Most of us will have some kind of BBQ or soiree to go to this summer, don't even think about wearing flats to it. Break out those heels, put a high heel insole in them, and you'll not only be stylish all night but pain-free too!
<h> Wednesday, June 4, 2014
<p> While you may want to hold and cuddle your child all the time while we're home, but that's not realistic. We have other responsibilities and chores that we have to tackle that involves our hands, not to mention babies get heavy! If your child is clingy and wants to be held all the time, this makes things more difficult too. It's much easier to wear baby in a carrier than it is to constantly hold them. You'll feel closer and more protective of your child this way as well. Go ahead and get all of your dusting and vacuuming done hands-free, you'll feel so much more productive!
<p> Boba helps parents stay active with their baby carriers and wraps. The carriers are designed for the active parent who wants the best for their baby. Most of the carriers are designed to hold infants all the way up to 18 month olds, so you'll get a lot of use out of the product. Don't worry, the wraps and carriers are strong and secure and made to be reliable. Newborns love the feeling of being safe and secure on you. The products come in a few colors depending on your preference and taste. Life is much easier when it's hands free. Research shows that bonded babies are healthier babies and grow into strong, secure children, and compassionate, resilient adults. Boba wraps and carriers make excellent baby shower presents.
<p> As my blog readers know, I'm expecting my first baby in December. While this may seem far off, my due date will be here before I know it. I know babies need a lot of things, so I'm trying to start getting everything I need sooner rather than later. Boba came to my baby needs and kindly sent me a grey Boba Air for review.
<p> The Boba Air is simple to use, ultra light-weight and ergonomic! It's truly the perfect carrier for travelers or any parent on the go. When you're done using it, simply fold, zip, and stash it. This product is intended for children 15-45 lbs.
<p> While I can't use the carrier just yet, it will certainly come in handy when the time comes for me to use it. The grey is a perfect gender neutral color since I don't know yet what I'm having. Since I can't use my own child in it, I tested it using a friend's 20 lb child. While the weight was noticeable instantly, you do become used to it and it becomes less heavy in time. The carrier did not seem to have any problems holding the baby at all. It was snug on my chest and back and felt secure. I love that it folds up to become small and can be thrown in a diaper bag or even your own purse. Not everyone wants to push around a heavy, bulky stroller all day. Travel and daily activities can now become hands-free, which will make your life so much easier.
<p> I can definitely see myself using the Boba when going to the grocery store, or even taking my dog Carolyn on a walk. The possibilities are infinite. I recommend every mom have a Boba to use with their child or children. You'll truly wonder how you lived life without it!
<h> Tuesday, June 3, 2014
<p> While it's important to spend time with your family and enjoy family-friendly television and movies, it's equally as essential to have time to yourself too. I know that may seem like a real challenge if you have small children, but getting even half an hour to recharge and relax per day truly helps. Sitting back and catching up on your favorite show will make you a happier person. Try to find some free time today, you'll surely appreciate it.
<p> Netflix is switching gears for June and making this month's StreamTeam topic all about mom. I know you might be used to reading about children's movies and television shows, but it's time to make it a little about mom too! Parenting may be a 247/7 job, but taking time for yourself helps keep you strong for your family. Your favorite shows may on hold for the summer, but Netflix has a great variety of titles to help get you through the hazy days of summer.
<p> While I am not a mom currently, my first child is due in December. I know that my early parenting days will be spent taking care of the baby and I will most likely not have too much free time. The beauty of Netflix is that the shows will be there until you're ready to watch them. You don't have to worry about trying to watch them the first time they are on TV, or even DVR'ing them (which eventually erases anyway!) You can even pick up from where you left off no matter if that's 3 minutes ago or 3 days ago. Netflix is like a friend who's always there for you.
<p> Netflix has compiled a list of must-see shows this summer that you simply can't ignore. How about this list which offers titles that you've heard of, but might not have had time to watch.
<p> 1. Orange is The New Black
<p> 2. Scandal
<p> 3. Pretty Little Liars
<p> 4. Sherlock
<p> 5. Breaking Bad
<p> 6. Parenthood
<p> I'm such a fan of Orange is The New Black and cannot wait for Season 2 on June 6th!
<p> If you're looking for some sleeper hits that you might have missed, Netflix wants you to give them a second chance!
<p> 1. Weeds
<p> 2. Call the Midwife
<p> 3. Freaks and Geeks
<p> 4. Shameless
<p> 5. Top of The Lake
<p> I can't believe Weeds is almost 10 years old! It's one of my all-time favorite shows, and I've seen every season. What an incredible show that was. I wish it was still on the air.
<p> Both of these lists offer fabulous titles guaranteed to make your "me-time" that much more entertaining. What are you waiting for? Have dad watch the kids for a short time while you enjoy some popcorn and a glass of wine. You deserve it.
<h> Monday, June 2, 2014
<p> Everyone who's a regular reader of my blog knows about my furry baby Carolyn. I routinely post pictures and information about her. She is the light of my life and I love to make her happy. It doesn't take much to please her at all. A treat or a toy makes her tail wag like crazy and her love for me grow. Carolyn absolutely loves toys and her favorites types are of the furry, squeaky variety. Her toy box is currently overflowing but it's very hard for me to resist buying her a new one on a regular basis. Every dog deserves to be happy, go ahead and make yours happy today and you'll get many licks in return.
<p> Doggie Vogue is heaven on the internet for any dog. Tell your dog to sit back while you shop online for them. All they have to do is wait for you to open the UPS boxes that are delivered to your door! The shop offers dog clothes, carriers, beds, collars, toys, accessories, and even jewelry! Anything you need for your pup, you can guarantee that Doggie Vogue has. The clothes, accessories, and toys are just simply adorable and there are many colors, styles, and patterns of each product available. Any item from Doggie Vogue makes the perfect present for your own dog, and is also a great choice if you'd like to spoil someone else's dog too.
<p> I knew that I had to review something from the site since everything was too cute to pass up. I let Lynnie choose what new toy she wanted, especially since it would be for her. She ended up picking the Barkingdales credit card dog toy. I thought this was a smart pick especially since she couldn't run up a high credit card bill with it!
<p> This toy is certainly for the elite dog clientele. Your dog will feel like a million bucks when she gets her paws on this credit card. Please remind her that she can't actually charge anything on it though. :)
<p> Lynnie absolutely loves this toy. From the minute I gave it to her, she immediately grabbed it out of my hands and started furiously squeaking it and wagging her tail. The toy is so adorable and I love how it looks like a real credit card, complete with name and account number! It is soft and has a loud squeaker, I don't think she could want anymore out of a toy.
<p> Here's an action shot of Lynnie playing. You can never get a good picture when she's playing with her toys. I've been routinely asking her where her credit card is and what she will buy today. She always looks at me with her big eyes and wags her tail. I think she might be indecisive about what to buy, so I better watch out for that! She's really been enjoying this toy and instantly goes for it whenever she plays.
<p> If you're looking for a place that will let you pamper your pooch to the fullest, Doggie Vogue is waiting for your order.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Lynnie received a complimentary toy in exchange for this review. All thoughts are her/my own.
<h> Saturday, May 31, 2014
<p> When you have a baby, it's extremely important to provide them with the best of everything. It's essential to make sure their bottles are beneficial to them, along with letting them play with toys to help their growth and development. Make sure you choose the brands that will help your baby be the best they can be.
<p> Philips Avent is a leader in parenting and baby products. The product line-up includes breastfeeding, bottle feeding, toddler feeding, baby monitors, and newborn gifts. When I think of bottles, one of the first brands that comes to mind is Philips Avent. If you know anyone who's having a baby, any Philips Avent product makes a wonderful baby shower gift, as well as a new baby gift. Every baby needs bottles and pacifiers. The products are made well and built to last. I'm expecting my first child in December and will be surely using many of their products with my baby.
<p> If you plan on bottle feeding, I'd like to recommend the Philips Avent natural bottle. This is the most natural way to bottle feed and provides babies with the best start in life.
<p> With a design inspired by nature, this bottles allows infants to feed as close to breast as possible, making it easier to combine bottle and breastfeeding.
<p> I know I plan on bottle feeding, so this would definitely be a bottle I would be using. The wide "breast-like" shape makes it easy to latch on, and the unique comfort petals inside nipple increase softness and flexibility without collapse. A wonderful feature about the bottle is that its advanced anti-colic system with innovative twin valve allows air into the bottle-not baby's tummy. The bottle is available in glass, as well as polypropylene, a BPA free material. If style is important to you, the bottle is featured in pink, blue and clear, as well as elephant, monkey, and flower designs.
<p> Another baby essential that all newborns need are pacifiers. The Philips Avent free flow pacifier is a wonderful choice for the natural development of baby's palate, teeth, and gums.
<p> This pacifier features orthodontic, collapsible, and symmetrical nipples that respect baby's growth and development. As with all Philips pacifiers, the free flow pacifier is made of silicone and is taste and odor-free.
<p> If you're looking for a pacifier that truly takes into account all areas to make baby comfortable, this is surely the one for you. The six holes in the curved pacifier shield minimize skin irritation. The flat, drop-shaped nipple respects the shape of baby's palate, even when the pacifier is positioned upside down in the mouth. It's durable and long-lasting, and guaranteed to not become misshapen or discolored over time. It is sterilizer and dishwasher safe too for convenience. For babies 0-6 months, the pacifier is offered in green/purple and yellow/blue designs, while 6-18 month old babies have a choice of pink/orange or blue/green designs.
<p> If you want to make the best possible choice for your baby's earth growth and development, Philips Avent will be there for you every step of the way.
