<h> Pages
<h> Wednesday, May 30, 2012
<p> Nothing is better in the summer heat than an ice cold, refreshing glass of lemonade or iced tea. The tea instantly revives you, and provides you with a delicious beverage to quench your thirst with. It's not officially summer just yet, but the temps sure feel like summer, lately. Lemonade is notoriously associated with summer and goes great with outdoor picnics and BBQ's. Why not make a pitcher of it today?
<p> The Santa Cruz Organic brand is committed to producing the world's finest USDA certified organic products made from the highest quality ingredients available. They offer more than 60 products ranging from organic fruit juices to organic peanut butter, all made with USDA certified organic ingredients. Whether you're looking for a refreshing bottle of apple juice, or juice boxes to send in your child's lunchbox for school, Santa Cruz Organic has you covered. You can feel good about the healthy, organic decision you'll be making.
<p> When I was researching this company, I had no idea that they created products other than juices. I'll have to keep an eye out next time I'm at the grocery store for the other products that they make.
<p> Examples of Santa Cruz products
<p> It's time to fire up those grills, open the pool for the summer, and invite your friends and family over for a BBQ! Of course you can't do that without Santa Cruz though. Please keep them in mind when you're making your beverage selection for the BBQ.
<p> What sounds best to you? My favorites are cherry lemonade and raspberry lemonade. What I love about Santa Cruz is that they take a classic drink like lemonade, and give it a twist with a modern fruit flavoring. Delicious!
<p> Santa Cruz Organic wants to celebrate good deeds and the spirit of helping others with the launch of the Sweet Deed Society promotion on their Facebook page. Entrants are invited to nominate their friends and family for the chance to win a beach vacation and other prizes. In addition, when you join the Sweet Deed Society, Santa Cruz Organic will donate five dollars to Feeding America®, up to $20,000 – that will help provide 160,000 meals* for families struggling with hunger across the country.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will each win a prize pack of Santa Cruz beverages featuring: Mango, Peach, Lime and Original lemonades.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 13th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Saturday, May 26, 2012
<p> As we near the beginning of summer 2012, getting in shape may be one of your top priorities. You may want to uncover sleek, sexy washboard abs to show off at the beach or pool. It will be important for you to eat healthy, engage in vigorous cardiovascular exercise and complete strength training in order to reach your fitness goals. Of course, you will be on your way to developing an amazing physique that will be the envy of all your friends. More importantly, you will be contributing to your overall health and mental well-being.
<p> The combination of eating healthy and exercising can lower your risk of heart disease and diabetes. You will be able to maintain a healthy weight in this age of epidemic obesity that we live in. Exercising helps you sleep better and releases endorphins in the brain, which are "feel good" chemicals that help you reach a "natural high." According to the Harvard Public School of Health, 30 minutes of exercise for at least five days a week is sufficient to reap major health benefits.
<p> On your journey to reaching your health and fitness goals, you will absolutely want to periodically monitor your progress. One of the best ways to do so is by purchasing the Tanita BC533 Glass InnerScan Body Composition Monitor, a sophisticated bathroom scale perfect for the serious health and fitness enthusiast. This compact scale will quickly become one of your closest companions.
<p> The Tanita brand has rightfully stated that that weight-only scales are for "squares." The BC533 Glass InnerScan Body Composition Monitor utilizes advanced Bioelectric Impedance Analysis (BIA) technology that was formerly available only to medical professionals, health clubs and professional athletes. The BC533 is able to measure and determine a wide spectrum of health and fitness indicators, including weight, body fat percentage, body water percentage, muscle mass, physique rating, daily caloric intake requirements, metabolic age, bone mass and visceral fat rating. The scale features a very easy-to-read 2.3 inch LCD display.
<p> You may think that all these measurements are unnecessary to you, but they are all very important and useful. Let's consider the usefulness of the muscle mass reading this scale provides. It is a well-known fact that muscle weighs more than fat. If you have started a strength training program, you will want to monitor your muscle mass, which is the amount of muscle in your body. You will surely gain some weight when strength training, but it will be in the form of muscle, not fat. This is why weight-only scales truly are for "squares." The physique rating is a rating of your body type; 1-9. The daily caloric intake is very useful in that it allows you to determine the number of calories you should consume daily to maintain your current weight.
<p> The Tanita BC533 Glass InnerScan Body Composition Monitor is an excellent bathroom scale that can help you reach your health and fitness goals. You will become even more motivated over time when the scale displays indicators that are in your favor. Up to four unique profiles can be created on this scale, which makes this scale perfect for the entire family to use.
<p> Megan Celeste is a fitness enthusiast, freelance contributor for www.KeyInsuranceQuotes.com Megan has enjoyed tracking her fitness progress with the Tanita BC533.
<h> Thursday, May 24, 2012
<p> I don't consider myself a neat freak, although I do like my house to be clean and organized. I take great pride in knowing my house is clean by being able to smell the scent from the product that I used. I love that bleach like smell that is left in my bathroom after scrubbing it down, even though it's not good for you. There are some products that I've grown up with and now use in my own home. It's important to keep that tradition going!
<p> Pledge is a cleaning product used to clean, dust, protect and revitalize wood, leather, stainless steel and more. I trust Pledge to keep my furniture clean and dust-free. That lemon scent is very recognizable in my home and I love the way it smells when I clean every weekend. There are pledge products for surface areas, your floors, multisurface, Pledge wipes, pet hair fabric sweepers and more. Whatever your cleaning need may be, Pledge is there to assist.
<p> I had recently ran out of Pledge when I received the opportunity to do this review, so it was perfect timing. I was going to be able to try Pledge multi-surface antibacterial cleaner, which I had never used before. Any product that kills germs is right up my alley. I received a package containing a blue cleaning caddy, yellow gloves, Pledge branded dusting cloth, and the cleaner.
<p> The caddy is awesome for storing cleaning products in and housing it under my sink. I don't already have a caddy, and this makes everything underneath my sink much more organized! The dusting cloth is perfect for using when cleaning with Pledge, and the gloves protect your hands while cleaning.
<p> With Pledge multi surface antibacterial everyday cleaner, you can clean virtually any surface without harming it and kills 99.9% of germs at the same time! That's because the cleaner contains a unique formula that cleans and disinfects while leaving the finish alone. It's safe to use on wood, glass, laminate, stainless steel, plastic and more. It has a pleasant scent too.
<p> I used the cleaner for the first time on my wall unit last night. The spray can is just like any other Pledge product. The solution was easy to spray, and I used the Pledge branded dust cloth to clean with. The product easily wiped away and I was left with a clean smelling, dust-free wall unit. The dust cloth showed the evidence of a job well done! I did notice that my wall unit looked shinier too. The product protects your furniture each time you use it. No greasy residue was left behind.
<p> I love the fact that while I'm cleaning, I'm also killing germs. That's very important to me. What's great about this product is that since it's multisurface, you can use it on anything in your house without worrying if it will harm it or not.
<p> This Pledge product will be a new scleaning staple in my house!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES: 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will a cleaning caddy with cleaning gloves, a Pledge branded dusting cloth, and a Pledge multi-surface antibacterial cleaner in it.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what how long you've been using Pledge in your home for. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 7th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, May 22, 2012
<p> Most people don't take as good care of their skin as they should. It's essential to regularly wash your face, exfoliate it, and most importantly keep it moisturized! Of course you shouldn't be in the sun excessively long without sunscreen. Having beautiful skin is easy, just make sure you stick with your skincare routine!
<p> Feed My Skin products are made fresh with healthy beneficial ingredients and deliver the results they promise. They tell you the truth about what's in it, and they proudly guarantee the quality and freshness of their products. Beauty junkies, this company was made for you! I consider myself a beauty junkie and I had fun browsing the website and seeing all of the different products. Whether you're in the market for a pumpkin scrub, strawberry body scrub, or even a melon pushup!
<p> As you all know, I love trying new products, especially masks and scrubs for my face! These products had my name all over them.
<p> The cool thing about Feed My Skin is that their products have to be frozen. They arrive normally, but for best results they require some time in the freezer to chill out.
<p> I was sent a pumpkin peel masque, melon pushup, and a strawberry scrub in a tub. Feed My Skin has very cute and fun packaging which is certainly memorable.
<p> It contains 5% glycolic acid. You should avoid sun exposure for 24 hours after use.
<p> I tried the pumpkin peel the other night. It comes in a small size that almost looks like a sample. The masque is brown and reminds me of pumpkin pie. It has a subtle pumpkin scent too. The directions say to put on a light layer of product on your face. I had to apply a moderate amount to my face to actually see it show up. You will experience some tingling after you apply it, but don't panic it's normal. I Some masques make my skin itchy while they're on, but this one didn't. The masque contains what I like to call "microscrubbies", which do a great job of helping to exfoliate your skin. You're supposed to leave the masque on from anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes. I left it on 15. It dried and felt tight on my face. The masque was not easy to remove. I really had to scrub at it. I don't know if I should have taken it off earlier or what. I had to use a loofa on my face to properly remove it. Afterwards my skin felt smooth, refreshed, brighter and hydrated which was nice.
<p> Feed My Skin melon pushups assist in hydrating toning and firming skin while reducing the effects of lifestyle stress. The sodium content helps draw excess water from the tissue surrounding the eyes, reducing puffiness. This mask may be used as often as you desire.
<p> This would be wonderful for using in the morning while getting ready for work, especially if you look tired. It reminds me of a push up pop and the packaging is very cute. It has a very pleasant melon scent to it. You're supposed to run this over your skin in quick strokes (don't leave the pushup on your skin for too long as it's very cold!) I used it on my face and eyes straight from the freezer before I applied my makeup for the day. The chill of it on my face was very refreshing. It leaves a tingly sensation afterwards. It does apply a little thick, so you might have to wipe some of it off. I did notice that my skin looked less puffy, especially underneath my eyes. I always have bags and darkness under my eyes. The great thing about the pushup is that you can re-use it anytime your skin needs a boost.
<p> The scrub in a tub was my favorite product. It looks almost like a little container of ice cream, so cute! I tend to get dry skin on my arms and feet, so I welcomed the opportunity to scrub it all off! I love to keep my skin smooth and hydrated all year round. The directions say to defrost the scrub and rub it into your skin until the sugar is dissolved. I used it in the shower a few days ago. The scrub was easy to pick up and it was very firm and solid. I could smell the strong essence of strawberry immediately, it smelled amazing! I rubbed into my arms, legs, and feet and in no time it dissolved. All that was left was the aroma of strawberries and smooth skin! It did a great job of removing any rough areas I had on my arms and on the bottom of my feet. This is a wonderful scrub that will leave you summer dress and sandal weather ready in no time! The scrub will definitely be a staple in my shower.
<p> Feed My Skin products would make the perfect gift for any lady in your life!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win an assorted prize pack of Feed My Skin products.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why you'd like to try Feed My Skin. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 5th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> Along with dresses, shoes are another weakness of mine. I just can't resist a cute pair of heels, or any type of shoe for that matter. I've tried and there's just no hope for me. I might need to go to Shoes Anonymous. I love to accessorize, and coordinating an outfit with a new pair of shoes gives me great joy. Ladies, who agrees with me?
<p> Just Fab is a monthly VIP membership program that grants fashion lovers access to celebrity stylists and the hottest shoes and handbags. As a JustFab member, celebrity stylists will review each individual’s style before searching through hundreds of styles recommendations based on personal style and fashion preferences. Each JustFab item is $39.95 and shipping is always free. This would make the perfect gift for any shoe lover or fashionista.
<p> The website offers gorgeous shoes that will leave you instantly wishing they were in your closet. Whether you're looking for heels, sandals, flats, or boots, there's a style and color preference for anyone's taste. The shoes are great for work or play too.
<p> Not everyone likes to get dressed up, but I really enjoy it. Wearing a beautiful dress with a fun pair of heels would make my night.
<p> When I had the opportunity to review a pair of shoes from Just Fab, I was really excited. I browsed the collection, loving each shoe more than the last. I instantly fell in love with two pairs of heels. A leopard pair, and a dark blue pair. I requested the blue pair.
<p> When I received the package, both shoes were in the box. I was blown away. It was so nice of them to send me both pairs! I've been wanting a pair of leopard heels for a while. The blue heels add a nice pop of color to any outift that you're wearing.Look at these beauties! I absolutely love them.
<p> I'm 5'0, so I'll take any additional height I can get with heels! The blue heels are a darker blue in person, the camera makes them lighter than they really are. The color is really pretty and perfect for summer. The heels are comfortable and both fit perfectly. They seem to be made well and I don't notice any visible flaws or damage on them. The material on the leopard shoe is soft to the touch. The brown and black on the shoe is bright and vivid.
<p> Since I work in an office where I have to dress professionally, I welcome the chance to throw in a little bit of style in a corporate environment. The blue shoes will look fantastic with a black dress. I always try to add in some color pizzazz whenever I can. The leopard heels will look cute with a brown dress, or even with dress pants too.
<p> The best part about the heels is that they easily work for a day or night look. Thanks to Just Fab for making me fabulously stylish. :)
<p> *DISCLAIMER* Thank you to Just Fab for supplying me with the complimentary shoes in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Saturday, May 19, 2012
<p> I like to do whatever I can to bring the spa to my own home. I love going to the nail salon and spa, but it can become very costly. Homemade facial scrubs, DIY mani-pedi's, and of course relaxing bubble baths with candles all are right up my alley! Incorporating "me" time into my daily schedule is important. I like to make sure that I take care of my skin as best as possible.
<p> When I was told I could review a memory foam bathmat I was very excited. My old bath mat wasn't the greatest quality and I was in need of a new one.
<p> Sleep Innovations MAT for the bath is a made of premium memory foam that reduces pressure points and provides a luxurious surface underfoot. The MAT features antimicrobial treated foam that fights 99.9% of odor and stain causing bacteria, and ensures a long-lasting freshness. The MAT is slip resistant guaranteeing safety and security. Not only is the MAT™ comfortable, but it’s also machine washable and easy to care for.
<p> The MAT is available in Marshmallow, Sandy Shore, Chocolate Brown and Winter Pear. It is also available in three different sizes, including a runner and area rug, to fit in any size bathroom.
<p> This MAT is truly luxurious and so wonderful! I have a memory foam mattress topper on my bed so I am familiar with how comfortable memory foam is. The MAT is the perfect tan sandy color that matches with my bathroom well. The color will work brilliantly with any bathroom motif or decor. It fits flawlessly on the floor outside my shower and I have no problem with its size being too big. The fact that it is thick and durable and made to last is a great benefit. I used it for the first time the other night and I was very impressed. I got out of the shower and stood on it and it felt like I was standing on a cloud! My feet sunk into it with ease and they instantly were cushioned by the MAT. Not only is the MAT a perfect size for standing on (and with room left over), it soaks up any excess water from your shower. I'm actually excited to take a shower now because I know this lovely MAT will be waiting for me when I'm done. The MAT is machine washable and I recommend it to anyone looking for some extra pampering with a daily routine.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a bath MAT from Sleep Innovations in their choice of color.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what color MAT you'd like to win. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on June 3, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Thursday, May 17, 2012
<p> I'm regularly on the lookout for products that will help my skin. I suffer from the occasional breakout and it's NOT cute. I look for skincare products to help and prevent breakouts. It can be a challenging task to find the one that works the best since there are so many out there. I'm always open to trying new ones though. I'll do anything to have flawless, acne-free skin!
<p> Since 1980, St. Ives has been creating effective skincare solutions from nature. Keep your skin feeling fresh and younger looking with St. Ives — America's beloved facial scrub, body wash and lotion brand. St. Ives is dedicated to bringing you the best of nature with formulas that delight the senses and leave your skin with a soft, fresh feel. They understand that the little everyday choices you make help to better your life. That’s why St. Ives is a formulator of quality products with ingredients sourced from nature.
<p> Currently, I have 4 St. Ives products in my bathroom. I've been on a St. Ives kick lately and I won't stop at just 4! I was recently offered the chance to review a new St. Ives product, Naturally Clear Green Tea Cleanser. Green tea has excellent health and antioxidant benefits, not to mention that I love it, so I was looking forward to trying the cleanser.
<p> The cleanser comes in a large pump style bottle, which has enough product to last me a few months. The cleanser is a nice, minty green color. It didn't lather up too much. The cleanser has a nice and mild green tea scent. I liked the way it smelled. The product was easily applied to a cotton round and left my face feeling clean and refreshed. With some cleansers, I don't feel like my face is truly clean. With St. Ives, that wasn't the case. My skin felt refreshed and deeply cleansed. I will continue to use this on a regular basis to see if it helps with my acne too. I am looking forward to adding this cleanser to my skin routine!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to St. Ives for providing me with the complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> You all might not realize, but applesauce is perfect for using in your favorite baked goods. Not only is the delicious and flavorful applesauce perfect for healthy snacking, it's delicious in your favorite cookies and cakes. My favorite way to use Musselman's applesauce is to substitute it for vegetable oil in baking. By doing this, you cut down on the fat, but your sweet treats turn out moist and fantastic!
<p> At Musselman's, they believe making healthy, delicious apple sauce is more than just a job. It's a way of life. That's why the growers who have spent their entire lives nurturing and harvesting apples also own the company. Musselman's has a variety of different flavored apple sauces, apple butter, apple juices, and more. They are your apple headquarters! As you all might know, I'm a Musselman's ambassador and I regularly love to indulge in a very cold cup of cinnamon applesauce!
<p> Musselman's recently sent me a package full of apple goodness. I received a nice, roomy Musselmans branded backpack that would be great for travel or camping, a large jar of applesauce, and two packs of original and cinnamon applesauce. I was also sent recipe cards with some delicious applesauce themed treats such as chewy fruit bars, easy low fat granola and Grandma's spice cookies. I was in apple paradise with this package!
<p> I was taking the cinnamon applesauce cups to work to enjoy as a mid-day snack. The applesauce is thick, rich and bursting with delicious cinnamon flavor. I love that you can see the specks of cinnamon in the applesauce. The flavor of the sauce is not too cinnamon-y, it's a subtle, sweet taste that is addictive!
<p> I decided to use the large jar of original applesauce in creating Grandma's spice cookies, from the recipe cards that I was sent. The recipe was very easy to follow and you add in normal cookie ingredients (flour, sugar, etc.) and then you add in baking spices and the applesauce and you're good to go! Just bake for about 10 minutes. The best part was that my entire kitchen smelled like baked apples! Once the cookies were done, I couldn't wait to try one. They came out looking great and were perfectly round and golden brown. I love warm cookies, it's definitely a weakness of mine. The sweet treats were chewy and full of out of this world apple flavor due to the applesauce. The spice was prevalent, but the flavor didn't overwhelm the apple flavor. I added in extra applesauce when I baked them for a more prominent flavor. You could definitely taste the spice flavor and it complimented the notes of apple well. These cookies were gone within a few days. I'll have to make them again soon!
<p> Life is always much sweeter when combined with Musselman's applesauce. :)
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 31st, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Wednesday, May 16, 2012
<p> Going out to eat shouldn't ruin your food budget for the whole month, and it won't if you use some savvy money-saving tips. Although restaurants design their menus and promotions around getting customers to spend money, if you have a plan before heading out, you can actually score some great deals. You may even find that you can eat out twice as often because you're saving so much with these tips.
<p> 1. Enjoy a drink or two before going out to avoid ordering drinks at the restaurant. Both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages are some of the restaurant items with the highest mark-ups. Getting water instead can save a bundle on the bill.
<p> 2. Purchase coupons online through daily deal sites or check the restaurant's website for free printable coupons. A fixed menu or buffet coupon is ideal because the meal’s cost is pre-determined.
<p> 3. Share a meal. Most appetizers are big enough for two people, and if you have an appetizer, you can probably split the entree as well.
<p> 4. Look for early bird or happy hour specials at your favorite restaurants. These give discounts just for heading out to dinner a little bit earlier in the evening. If it works with your schedule, you'll be getting more food for less money.
<p> Just remember that going out is supposed to be fun, so it's not necessarily going to be worth it if you're focused on every penny you're spending while out. After you make a plan and pick a restaurant, kick back and enjoy your time out and a delicious meal!
<p> *This is a guest post by Maire Hunter, she loves a good deal. She also enjoys yoga and loves her Scottish Terrier, Pete.
<p> I'm always on the lookout for new and interesting reviews/giveaways for you all. I stumbled across Fake Food Japan last night and knew that this would be a good choice! Do you remember how cute the fake food was that you played with when you were a child? Or the miniature food from your doll house? Now you can have that miniature food, but this time use it as a keychain, or to hold your business cards with!
<p> Fake Food Japan prides itself in bringing you true works of art. Their handmade fake food is carefully designed and crafted from the most skilled in the industry right in Osaka, Japan. This is also where the fake food industry got its start in 1932. Fake Food Japan offers keychains, USB flash drives, business card holders and more, all created around fake Japanese food! Do you have a friend who loves sushi? Why not give them an adorable California roll keychain? If you've recently started a business, store your business cards in a curry rice business card holder? It will certainly be a conversation starter!
<p> Here's some examples of products that Fake Food Japan has:
<p> Stir-fried shrimp with chili sauce business card case
<p> Cucumber roll keychain
<p> Salmon sushi magnet
<p> Fake Food Japan products are perfect for any Japanese food lover, or anyone who loves collecting unique things. Go ahead and admire Fake Food Japan's fun and interesting items! What do you like best?
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win $20 worth of Fake Food Japan items. $20 USD is about 1605 Japanese yen.YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what items you would choose if you won. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 30th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, May 15, 2012
<p> I don't know anyone who doesn't love sausage and bacon, well unless they are a vegetarian. Those juicy sausage links and the perfectly crisp bacon is the star addition to an egg white omelet. I don't have bacon or sausage too much, but when I do I really enjoy it. These two classic breakfast meats are perfect for a hearty Sunday brunch or breakfast with your family. I think I might even make a bacon omelet this weekend!
<p> Balson Butchers is the headquarters for buying English bacon and sausage (or bangers) and Irish bacon and sausage! Are you from Ireland or England and are missing the foods from home now that you live in the US? Let Balson Brothers bring a little taste of your country to America! Traditional pork back bacon, pork bangers, breakfast bangers, and garlic and herb bangers are offered. If you're a big fan of bacon and sausage, why not try a different variation of what you're used to? I bet you'll love it.
<p> I was sent a few packages of pork bangers, pork back bacon, and breakfast bangers. Everything came perfectly cold and intact.
<p> I made breakfast for dinner the other night and decided to serve the pork back bacon and the breakfast bangers with it. The bacon is thicker and sliced wider than normal "American style" bacon. It is not cut into thin strips. The bacon is fulled cooked, all you have to do is brown it. Sear it on both sides for about 30 seconds on medium high heat and you're good to go! The bacon will not get crispy as it is too lean. It smelled delicious when it was cooking. Once the bacon was done, I was intrigued by it as I had never had European bacon before. It had a really nice smoked flavor to it that was very addictive. Each bite was better than the next! The flavor was subtle, but still very noticeable. This does not have an intensely rich bacon flavor, but a nice delicate flavor. I really enjoyed the bacon, now I am not sure how I've never tried it before! It would be great for putting on BLT's or just enjoying for a snack too. I recommend anyone who's never had European bacon before to try this, you're in for a real treat!
<p> The bangers were a little bit more complicated to cook than the bacon. They are fully cooked but you have to pan fry them in a small amount of oil for about 4 minutes per side. These bangers are softer than American style sausage casings and they need to be really brown and crispy. If you think you've overcooked them, chances are you haven't! The banger links are plump and juicy and the perfect sized for breakfast. They smelled wonderful when cooking. Unlike other bangers, these have no nitrates or MSG. When you take a bite of these bangers, an explosion of flavor blankets your taste buds and leaves you wanting more. The texture of the bangers is "clean" and really easy to enjoy. The links are not spicy and I really enjoyed them. You could cut these up and add them to soups, chili, pasta, rice, and much more. The possibilities are endless! I will definitely be ordering these again.
<p> I haven't had a chance to try the pork bangers yet, I know they will be great though! If you're a fan of meat, I highly recommend that you try Balson Butchers.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES: 1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win an assorted package of Balson Butchers meat products.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 29th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, May 11, 2012
<p> Guess was a staple in my wardrobe when I was a teenager. I had Guess dresses, shoes, sunglasses, and of course Guess jeans. The brand has been around for many decades now and is enjoyed by women and men of all ages. What I like most about Guess is that it evolves constantly for new generations to enjoy.
<p> Guess is a designer clothing and accessory brand that is available for men and women, and kids and babies. I love Guess's gorgeous high heels, and I actually own a few pairs. They are so comfortable! What's great about Guess is that their clothing and accessories come in so many styles and patterns to suit anyone's taste.
<p> I was recently sent two absolutely beautiful watches that I am over the moon about. I've been needing a new watch for awhile now and these are just my style.
<p> The white one is my absolute favorite. It's a very elegant and classy piece. I love anything that has bling and this watch is just so gorgeous! The gold and white together compliment each other well, and the silver crystals around the face really add a wonderful touch of style. What I love most about the watch is the large face, which is a fun and modern addition. The watch fits my wrist well and looks really great on. The time is easy to read, and it also tells you what day of the week it is. The white band matches with virtually anything you wear. The watch reminds me of summer and will look perfect paired with some cute summer dresses and outfits. You can wear it for a casual day look and easily dress it up for a night time style too.
<p> The second watch is very pretty too. I've never seen a pink color like this color before. Pink is my favorite color so this watch is right up my alley! The piece would be great for adding a playful pop of color to what you're wearing. There are small crystals inside the face of the watch which is an interesting addition. The band is aluminium which allows for a secure fit around one's wrist. The time is also easy to read and it tells you what day of the week it is inside. I like that the pink carries from the band inside the face too. There is no delay with the minute or hour hands ticking. The watch would be cute paired with a pink or black dress. It can be worn all year round.
<p> Want to become a Guess Blogger?
<p> Now through July 31st, fashionistas from around the world will be able to log on to the GUESS Watches App on their Facebook page– currently the largest global watch brand page on Facebook with over 1.4 million fans - and submit their personal style profile. (One to Watch also has an official Twitter page, @GuessOneToWatch, where fans can engage and find out the latest updates on the search.) Once logged on, participants will be asked to create profiles, including a custom-built style board to express their personal fashion point-of view and illustrate why they are the “One to Watch”. Then, the aspiring brand ambassador will share their profile through their various social networks in an effort to gain Style Points from their friends and followers.
<p> At the end of the 90-day entry period, the top ten candidates in each country with the most Style Points will move on to the next round and be asked to submit a blogging assignment. Their submissions will be reviewed by a panel of judges and two One to Watch finalists will be announced on September 10th to represent each participating country. Each finalist will receive worldwide recognition and GUESS Watch product throughout the year.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Guess for providing me with these complimentary watches in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, May 10, 2012
<p> Everyone loves mini versions of food. Mini quiches, mini cheeseburgers, mini grilled cheeses, and of course mini muffins. Mini foods are just so irrestibly cute, easy to make, and are perfect for parties. It's time to break out the muffin tins and make mini portions of your favorite foods!
<p> Muffin Tin Chef is a cookbook written by Matt Kadey. It features 101 recipes and 65 stunning full-color photos, that will help you create miniature versions of your favorite treats.
<p> With faster baking times to keep cooks on schedule, smaller portion sizes to keep waists trim, and a tasty appearance to keep guests impressed, these scrumptious bites are perfect as finger foods, kids’ party snacks or unique dinner treats.
<p> Author and registered dietician Matt Kadey is an expert on packing maximum flavor into miniature portions to ensure that every reader (including those who are vegetarian and/or gluten-free!) is healthy, happy and satisfied.
<p> What are some of your favorite mini meals or mini desserts to make? I've made mini taco cups before and they turned out amazing. For some reason everyone loves crowd pleasing favorites turned into a smaller portion! No bake mini cheesecakes and lasagna cups would great recipes to make too.
<p> If you're planning on having a party soon, why not serve some mini meals? They will be gobbled up in no time!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a copy of Matt Kadey's Muffin Tin Chef.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 24th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
