<h> Tuesday, November 5, 2013
<p> When I was a child, I recall being very excited when my favorite books turned into movies and TV shows. Specifically, The Baby-sitter's Club, Sweet Valley High, and Goosebumps. There was something magical and intriguing about seeing your favorite book characters on the big screen. I feel that every child should have the exciting experience of having storybook pages brought to life.
<p> November 11-15 is National Young Readers Week. My mom always brought me to the library when I was younger and I think that began my lifelong love of reading. Although I don't read as much as I used to, I still enjoy a good book. I believe that children should be read to as young as possible to instill a love of reading at an early age. Young children love to be read to, and storytime at the library is a great way to encourage them to want to read.
<p> Netflix has come out with a list of 13 great titles based on kids' books, for kids of all ages. There is a title to keep any age group interested.
<p> Big kids: Hugo Escape to Witch Mountain James and The Giant Peach The Baby-Sitters Club Goosebumps A Wrinkle in Time
<p> Little kids: Charlotte's Web The Velveteen Rabbit The Very Hungry Caterpillar and Other Stories The Magic School Bus The Little Engine that Could Stuart Little 2 Tell Tales: The Man Who Walked, Between the Towers, The Snowy Day, I Stink! and Trashy Town
<p> For the teenagers and mom and dad, don't forget to watch one of Netflix's favorite novels that hit the big screen, The Hunger Games. The sequel comes to theaters November 22nd.
<p> Now is a great time to introduce children to the timeless classics that you loved as a child too, such as Charlotte's Web or The Velveteen Rabbit. These titles have been adored for past generations and I'm sure future generations to come as well. Make reading part of the wind-down routine before bedtime. Read to your children, or if they're old enough, let them read alone. This will help to create lasting memories and help to build a connection with reading.
<p> On the go or snuggling on the couch at home, families can watch storybook pages come alive, anytime, anywhere with Netflix.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am being compensated as a member of Netflix's Stream Team. This is my second post and all thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, November 4, 2013
<p> Cereal is what I have for breakfast almost every day. Sometimes I might switch it up and have a muffin or waffles, but that's rare. I like to choose cereals that have nutritional benefits like fiber, whole grains, and oats. It's important that it also have excellent taste as well. I enjoy trying new cereals as I tend to eat the same ones over and over. For breakfast tomorrow why not consider delighting your taste buds with a nutritious, yet delicious bowl of cereal?
<p> Barbara's wholesome products means they choose high quality ingredients to provide optimal taste and nutrition. You can count on Barbara's for no refined sugar, hydrogenated oils, flavors, artificial colors or preservatives. Some of the products in the line-up include cheese puffs and a large line of cereals including high fiber, morning crunch, puffins, Snackimals, and more. You can't forget fig bars and many flavors of Snackimals cookies. There are so many products to try in the Barbara's family, that you'll certainly find many favorites that will find a home in your kitchen cabinets.
<p> Two delicious cereals that I want to bring to your attention are Barbara's organic Snackimals vanilla blast and cinnamon crunch cereal. Each box contains 8g of whole grains, only 7g of sugar, and is a good source of calcium and fiber. What more could you ask for?
<p> Children will enjoy the tasty cinnamon and vanilla flavor, and parents will be happy knowing their little ones are eating a quality breakfast and starting the day off right. The monkey and panda are also adorable. I'm sure they encourage children to want to eat the cereal as well.
<p> Your kids will be delighted to hear the sound of Snackimals cereal being poured into their bowl. Why not make everyday a Snackimals day?
<p> Barbara's wants your help in naming the Snackimals monkey. Click the link to enter to win a year's supply of Snackimals cereal and cookies. Everyone who enters wins a free Snackimals dash app. In addition to the grand prize, there are lots of other fun prizes. Get that noggin ready to do some thinking. What will you name the monkey? If you win, I hope you'll share some cookies with me. :)
<h> Sunday, November 3, 2013
<p> Desserts are a main component of the holiday season when we celebrate with friends and family. Freshly baked chocolate cookies, cinnamon cake, and apple pie are just some of my favorite seasonal treats. You can't forget any kind of mint chocolate chip dessert either. There's just something about a delicious piece of pie mixed with warm conversation that makes the perfect holiday memory. Make sure that your dessert table this year is well stocked with goodies!
<p> Mrs. Smith's Pies are quality frozen desserts that are made with attention to detail and premium ingredients to give you made-from-scratch goodness that you can see and taste. The pies in the line-up go from freezer to oven ready in hour. Recently, the Mrs. Smith's Original Flaky Crust has been introduced for the holiday season. This unbaked pie made with real butter for a perfectly flaky crust offers consumers a taste they won't be able to resist. The pies come in the flavors of apple, dutch apple, cherry, peach, pumpkin, and sweet potato. Flaky crust offers a warm welcome of delicious aromas with 0 grams of trans fat per serving. A Mrs. Smith's Pie would look fabulous on your table for dessert after a Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner.
<p> I was offered the chance to review a Mrs. Smith's pie. Who can say no to pie? I've seen the brand for years in the store, but have never tried it. Luckily my grocery store had dutch apple pie in stock, which was the flavor I wanted to try.
<p> The baking instructions are very easy to follow. In only one hour, you can transform a frozen unbaked pie into a wonderful delicious dessert that will make your stomach happy. Not to mention that your kitchen will smell like a bakery.
<p> Not long after baking, the pie was ready! If you've never had dutch apple pie before, you haven't lived. The classic flavors of cinnamon, apple, and brown sugar are married together with a streusel topping. It's pure perfection. The aroma of the pie blanketed my whole house in deliciousness. I cut myself a small piece and prepared to dig in. I tasted the warm apple flavor right off the bat. I actually prefer the apples to be mushy like they were, rather than extremely firm. The cinnamon and brown sugar are star flavors when together. With each bite, you have that fabulous crunch of the streusel topping. I thought the pie was a tad sweet, but hey it's dutch apple pie. The flaky crust was very tasty. I couldn't ask for more! I was impressed at the quality and flavor of a frozen pie. I enjoyed the pie and so did my guests.
<p> I look forward to trying other Mrs. Smith's pie flavors in the future. My taste buds are waiting on the edge of my tongue!
<p> Why not invite Mrs. Smith's into your kitchen this holiday season? Let her work her magic on your guests, and they'll leave with happy stomachs and smiles on their faces.
<h> Friday, November 1, 2013
<p> Now that Halloween is over, it's time to dive right into the holidays! Thanksgiving is approaching, and soon after that we'll have Christmas and New Years Eve. Although I don't celebrate Christmas, I've always loved it. I truly enjoy the Christmas cookies, lights and trees, and of course the general holiday cheer and enthusiasm. Certain scents may evoke past holiday memories such as your grandma's cranberry pie baking in the oven, or the scent of your Christmas tree. Whatever holiday memories you make this year, make sure scent is strongly tied to them.
<p> Febreze is a brand of household odor eliminator. It was first introduced in 1998 and manufactured only as an odor eliminator. The line has since branched out to include air fresheners, fabric refreshers, oil plug-in's, scented discs, odor eliminating candles, and car air fresheners. The plug in's and candles come in many fabulous scents perfect for the fall such as falling leaves, cranberry cider, and apple and spice. If you're planning ahead for the winter, why not delight your nose with scents such as winter frost and glistening pine? There are many other scents that work all year round. Putting a Febreze candle or oil plug-in in your home will make it a warm and cozy haven for all.
<p> I first remember seeing and using Febreze at my grandma's house years and years ago. I recall spraying it on my sneakers after a day at the park. The odor was eliminated instantly and a refreshing, clean smell was left. I thought this is one product that really works! I like how the brand has really grown and many more products are in the collection now for consumers to enjoy.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive a package from Febreze containing some holiday scented products. The package contained a scented oil warmer with the scents of apple cider and cranberry frost. There was also a Febreze Set and Refresh in the scent of cranberry cider. Lastly, an adorable pop up book was in the box featuring different rooms of a home and explaining what scented Febreze products would fit best.
<p> An example of one page from the book.
<p> With cranberry frost and apple cider scented products in tow, your house will be ready for the holidays before you know it!
<p> When I received this package, I was very excited. There's nothing like the smell of the holidays, and there's no reason why you can't start bringing a little holiday cheer into your home early!
<p> Since I love to cook and bake, I wanted to put the oil plug in in my kitchen. I liked the idea of bringing warmth and coziness into a place that's already filled with a lot of love. Everyone always gravitates to the kitchen when visiting people's homes. The unit was very easy to install. All I did was plug the unit into the wall and put one of the oil cartridges into the unit. I chose apple cider since Thanksgiving is approaching and it seemed fitting. Not long after, the gentle scent of apple goodness floated from my kitchen and enveloped itself into the rooms nearby. The scent was extremely pleasant. not too strong but strong enough to be known. Apple cider is perfect for fall, but carries into the winter beautifully. It made want to bake a pie, which is dangerous for my thighs. I look forward to changing out the scent for the cranberry frost when winter is near. I think it'll be the perfect way to introduce winter in scent style.
<p> The Febreze Set and Refresh is perfect for putting on a table, desk, or counter. A small scented cartridge pops up and the scent is blanketed around the room. I am going to bring it to work on Monday to put on my desk. The scent is powerful and you can instantly smell it once the cartridge is popped up. I'm in my own office, so nobody will be potentially bothered by it. The scent of cranberry cider is an interesting combination that really works well together. I absolutely love it and can't wait for my office to smell like the inside of a bakery! I know my coworkers will be popping in and out to take a big whiff too. :)
<p> I'm very excited to welcome the holidays with these Febreze products. The only thing missing now is the actual holidays themselves! I cannot wait.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post for SheSpeaks/Febreze. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, October 31, 2013
<p> If you're in the market for a new miracle capsule that will change your life, I have just the product to introduce you to. You will surely find the results you're looking for.
<p> Estroblock naturally clears toxic estrogens (estrones) from the body. These estrones are often produced by toxins commonly found in our food and hormones. If left unchecked, they will dilute our naturally produced hormones and cause major health problems such as acne, obesity, and cancers.
<p> Estroblock contains DIM and I3C in the correct ratio to protect you from harmful xeno-estrogens. Xeno-Estrogens can be responsible for pear-shaped bodies and water retention in women. For men, this could mean genecomastia and an inability to lose fat. These pesky estrogens can be found in plastics, pesticides, preservatives, and household products that we come in contact with everyday. Once absorbed, these chemicals metabolize into toxins responsible for estrogen dependent cancers.
<p> If you're looking to take a stand and protect yourself today, Estroblock is the way to go.
<h> Tuesday, October 29, 2013
<p> Whenever you see me drinking a beverage, you can guarantee that it's water. Sometimes you have to add some flavor to an ordinary drink and make it exciting. I don't drink soda, but I do enjoy flavored seltzer, flavored water, and unsweetened iced tea. On the rare occasion I do have a glass of juice, I limit myself to only enjoying one. Life's short and you just have to treat yourself sometimes!
<p> V8 V-Fusion® Refreshers are a light and crisp fruit drink with a 20-25% blend of vegetable and fruit juices that come in four delicious and unique family pleasing flavors. The line-up includes black cherry berry, cranberry grape, tangerine passionfruit, and peach strawberry. The juices are naturally sweetened, contain no artificial colors, flavors, or preservatives, and are an excellent source of Vitamin C.
<p> I'm always on the lookout for a drink that not only tastes great, but has some nutritional value as well. I don't have children, but there's no reason why I can't make sure my nutrition is accounted for. I was sent a bottle of the black cherry berry, and tangerine passionfruit. I was excited to try the drink as well as receive nutritional benefits from it. What a win-win, right?
<p> What I first noticed when looking at their bottles was the beautiful packaging. There were bright and bold pictures of ﻿the fruit relevant to the flavor on each bottle. The colors were vivid and beautiful. Before I tried the juices, I read over the nutritional facts. I liked that they contained no high fructose corn syrup, but did have 100% vitamin C per bottle. The high sugar content put me off a little bit, honestly. I don't normally love very sweet drinks. The sugar content was about 22 grams, which is a lot.
<p> I tried the black cherry berry first. The cold juice was refreshing and I certainly tasted the flavor of the berry blend. I have to admit it was very sweet, even though it's naturally sweetened. No extra sugar is added. I had to dilute it with water to be able to try more of it. It was smooth going down and I enjoyed the fact that it contains fruit and vegetables in each glass.
<p> The tangerine passionfruit wasn't my favorite. I am not a big fan of citrus fruits at all. I don't even drink orange juice. The blend of passionfruit and tangerine is an interesting combination though.
<p> I think if the sugar content were to be reduced, I would enjoy the beverage much more. These juices would be perfect for a parent to give their child, especially if they need more fruits and veggies in their diet.
<h> Sunday, October 27, 2013
<p> I've never been one to turn down a cookie. If you ever offer me a cookie and I say no, then you know I'm probably dying. There is no discrimination against my love for cookies, but they are truly all my favorites. Chocolate, sugar, peanut butter, or even a snickerdoodle make my taste buds sing in delight. There is always room in my heart for more cookie love. Have you thought about opening up your heart to accept more cookies today?
<p> ConsciousCakes is an Etsy shop that sells an assortment of vegan, dairy-free, and gluten-free treats. They offer cupcakes in a jar in such mouth-watering flavors as vanilla, peanut butter cup, and red velvet. You can't forget about chocolate or carrot either! All of the cupcakes in a jar come with a coordinating frosting that will make your stomach smile. There are some cookies offered, with the most unique flavor being spiced hot chocolate cookies. If you're into sweets, there is something most definitely for you. Why not consider serving yummies from ConsciousCakes at your holiday office party, baby shower, or even Christmas party? Anytime is also a perfect time to enjoy their treats.
<p> I was lucky enough to be able to try the spiced hot chocolate cookies. This was such a unique flavor that I had never previously tried, but it sounded too good to pass up. I knew that the spiced hot chocolate cookies would have to have a date with my stomach. It was mandatory!
<p> Come here cookies. Don't hide from me, I just want to hug you with my teeth.
<p> The cookies were shipped to me extremely fast. In just a few days, a mason jar containing six spiced hot chocolate cookies was now sitting on my kitchen counter. The color of the cookies looked just like hot chocolate. I took a bite of them and I was transported on a rocket ship straight to Planet Cookie. The treat was light and fluffy and melt in your mouth delicious. The chocolate flavor was not over the top at all, but extremely subtle. Despite being vegan and gluten free, there was still a lot of taste and flavor.
<p> Only when you finish the cookie do you taste the hidden spice at the end. There was a light hint of cayenne pepper that blankets your mouth. It was not extremely spicy, but just the right amount to perk up the flavor of the chocolate. I've never experienced a cookie like this and it was a new cookie experience for me, one that I really enjoyed. Who would have thought that cayenne pepper pairs well with chocolate? If I'm ever in a bakery and I see a spiced chocolate treat, you can bet I'll be ordering it. Pair these cookies with a nice cup of coffee or tea and you've got yourself the perfect afternoon snack. If you're feeling adventurous, even a cup of hot chocolate with a tiny amount of cayenne pepper too.
<p> These cookies would be a wonderful treat during the winter. Can't you just imagine it now? Cozying up to the roaring fire under a blanket and enjoying these yummies. It would certainly be a great night!
<p> When I lived in New York City, I frequently went to Supercuts to get my hair cut. The price was affordable, and they did a good job on my hair. The staff was courteous and attentive to boot.
<p> If you've ever wanted to own a franchise, why not consider Supercuts? Some might say "I can't do it, I have no prior hair styling experience, nor do I know how to cut hair. Also, this business is for hairstylists. It's not a serious business for those who aren't hairstylists." This is not true in the slightest. You do not need to have any previous hairstyling or haircutting experience at all. The haircutting will be done by licensed professionals, while you're in charge of running the business.
<p> This could be you as a franchise owner one day!
<p> It's very simple to run a franchise. You don't have to have a high amount of staff, inventory costs are low, and hours are especially reasonable compared to other franchise industries like food or fitness.
<p> The Supercuts brand is widely recognized. It's backed by national advertising, robust web and mobile presence, and the brand is sought after nationally.
<p> A positive thing about the hair care industry is that it's stable. Luckily, haircutting can never be made obsolete by technology. Getting your hair cut is a need, not a want, like opening up a pizza shop. People always need their hair cut, they don't always need pizza.
<p> Please view Supercuts Franchisee owner Chris Serrano's story.
<p> If this business is something you're seriously interested, take a look at the Supercuts franchise model to find out further information. Also, you can find out how the operations run and exactly what the role of a franchisee entails. Who knows, maybe one day you'll be on your way to owning your own Supercuts franchise!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is part of a 3 month sponsored campaign with Supercuts.
<h> Saturday, October 26, 2013
<p> There are many things you can do to the outside of your home to give it personality. You can plant flowers and add lawn decorations among many other ideas. One thing that doesn't get as much love is the front door. Usually a front door is a basic color that sometimes has the house number displayed. Other than that, it's not too exciting. We always forget to give the door the love that it deserves. It's time to put a beautiful wreath on the door and make it a focal point of the house.
<p> Festival of Wreaths is an Etsy shop ran by owner Debbie. She creates the most beautiful hand made wreaths that I've ever seen. They are full of life, love, and personality. If you're looking for a wreath that features large bows and ribbons, this will certainly make your door happy! The colors are bright and beautiful and the quality is impeccable. You can tell that a lot of love goes into her craft. Debbie sells everyday wreaths, and Fall and Christmas wreaths. She also is open to custom requests, if you have something else in mind. A wreath from Debbie's Etsy shop makes the perfect gift for practically any occasion.
<p> I was sent the gorgeous Gold and Cooper Holiday Geo Mesh Wreath. Since Fall is in full swing, I thought it would be fun and festive to have a wreath on my door. I've never previously had one before, but it's a perfect way to brighten up a front door.
<p> Look at all of the detail in the wreath, it's beyond gorgeous! From bows and ribbons to balls and flowers, you've got everything covered to welcome the fall season in style.
<p> I received the wreath and door hanger in about two days, how's that for excellent customer service? The wreath was meticulously wrapped with care. Debbie even shoved packing paper in between the bows to help them keep their shape, and wrapped the flowers and balls to keep them from breaking as well. It arrived in fabulous condition and I couldn't wait to hang it up!
<p> Here is it hung on my door. It looks awesome.
<p> The wreath itself features beautiful gold and copper colors along with balls, ribbons, flowers, bows, and lots of sparkle! It is so beautiful and I am in love with it. Copper and gold compliments each other beautifully and I love the combination of colors together. Debbie's attention to detail is evident in her work and she left no detail unaccounted for! If this wreath doesn't represent fall, then I don't know what does. Everything was securely fastened onto the wreath and I have no worries about anything becoming loose or falling off.
<p> It was very easy to hang the wreath and I had no troubles at all. The wreath hanger fit perfectly on my front door and I hung the wreath with ease. My door closed well and the wreath and hanger did not affect it all. I stood back to admire the wreath and grew more in love with it by the second. The wreath brightened up my door immensely and I'm pretty sure my neighbors will be jealous when they see it.
<p> I look forward to displaying this wreath for years to come. I'm beyond satisfied with it and would recommend Debbie to anyone who's looking to buy a wreath.
<h> Thursday, October 24, 2013
<p> As cooler weather has arrived and become a permanent fixture, that's a sign that boot season is here! In the fall and winter all I wear is boots. They keep me warm and since they are so versatile, I can pair them with many different outfits and looks. I have many pairs of riding boots, fur lined boots, and heeled boots. I like to start each new season out with a pair of shoes applicable to the season. Go ahead and treat your closet to a new pair of boots today.
<p> Sandgrens has been making the best handmade mules and Swedish clogs for women since 1846. If you're in the market for clogs, you'll be in clog heaven at Sandgrens! They offer high heeled clogs, clog sandals, men and women's clogs, and even clog boots! There are many different styles and colors to choose from, you'll certainly find a pair of shoes that you love. The clogs are crafted from the finest leathers, wooden bases, and metal hardware available throughout the world. A pair of Sandgrens clogs makes an ideal gift for yourself, or a friend.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive a pair of Sandgrens Philly Clog Boots in the color of wild mushroom for review. I haven't owned a pair of clogs since middle school, but I really liked the way these shoes looked. I just had to have them!
<p> Stare deep into my clog eyes. It's so easy to fall in love with me.
<p> I received the clogs extremely fast. Before I knew it, the package was at my door! These beauties were sitting in the box but I knew they belonged on my feet way more than in that box. What I first noticed about them was their fabulous leather smell. The shoes are constructed with a medium heel Swedish Alder wood base, soft Horween Nubuc leather, and are stitched on the bottom for a classic look. The height of the clog boots is perfect for pairing with your favorite jeans. They feature an inside zipper with a fully removable strap showcasing a sleek buckle.
<p> These boots are just too cute. The dark brown color is perfect for fall and winter. The color is neutral and pairs with many colors well. Some people have complained about the sizing of the boots being very small and not fitting well. Luckily, I had no problems and the boots fit me well. They are easy to put on and they zip up effortlessly. I have no problem walking in them and feel confident while wearing them. They are very comfortable. I love the buckle on the side, it gives the shoe an added element of style. The high quality craftsmanship of the boots is extremely noticeable and it's easy to see all of the hard work that goes into making these boots. The leather is very soft and will become even softer through wear.
<p> I'm already thinking of many different outfits to pair them with. My first initial thought is to pair them with a nice pair of jeans and a favorite sweater. Fortunately, I have many favorite sweaters that would look great. I can't wait to regularly wear them throughout the cold months. They will surely become my new favorite pair of shoes!
<p> If you'd like to purchase a pair of Sandgrens, please keep in mind that they will be having a large Black Friday sale. Check back then for large savings!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary pair of clog boots in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, October 23, 2013
<p> I've recently accepted an invitation to join Netflix's Stream Team. As a member, I will be writing monthly blog posts about topics that are selected by Netflix. Please watch for my posts as each topic is an important one that sparks conversation and thought.
<p> October is Bully Awareness Month. My school days are long over, but that doesn't mean that I don't have memories of bullies. Luckily, I never really had to deal with being bullied. I do recall former classmates being taunted, tormented, and harassed. At that young age, there's not much you can do to stop it from happening. Honestly, you're just happy that it's not you the bully is targeting. Many people have different ideas of what the definition of a bully is. Some might think it's a person who corners you after school and throws you against a wall and demands your money. On the other hand, others might think it's someone who teases you in class and makes fun of you. No matter what you picture a bully as, the true definition is anyone who uses strength or power to harm or intimidate those who are weaker. There are many more resources against bullying nowadays then there were when I was in school. If you are being bullied, it's time to put a stop to it now.
<p> Netflix has put together tools to help parents open a dialogue with their children about this issue. If you currently have Netflix, please find the below list of eleven television shows and movies that encourage a conversation with kids of all ages. Parents of teens and tweens can leverage Netflix titles that address bullying head-on, while those with younger children can demonstrate the importance of standing up for others while using superheroes to show that there is a hero in all of us.
<p> For younger children: Hercules The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius Spy Kids: All the Time in The World Justice League Unlimited Ben 10: Alien Force
<p> As you can see, there are a wide range of titles available that showcase the topic of bullying. A great way to have a conversation with your child about bullying would be to initially prep them about it. Afterwards, allow them to select the movie or television show of their choosing that discusses the topic. It's essential to encourage them to speak their mind after their selection is over by writing down thoughts about bullying. Talk to them about what a bully is, if they've seen bullying in their school/been bullied, and ways that they can help. It's vital to reiterate to them that bullying is not acceptable, nor ever will be. Sharing thoughts and feelings is detrimental in everyday life, but essential for this topic. Your child will appreciate knowing that you care to educate them and stand for something so important.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am being compensated as a member of Netflix's Stream Team. This is my first post and all thoughts are my own.
<p> It's hard to face it, but it's time to accept it. We try to take care of our skin as best as possible, but we can't always control how we live life. Lots of decisions we make can affect our skin, such as eating too much sugar, or staying in the sun too long. There are also many other variables that aren't beneficial to your skin that I would have never thought of. It's important to find those products that target the issues you face and correct them.
<p> SinCare is an Australian company that has recently introduced a line of speciality serums that are devoted to lifestyle aging. They've even trademarked that concept. When it comes to skin, birthdays aren't the only gauge of age. There are several other factors like alcohol, sugar, sun, city life, and even sleepless nights. Did you ever think that how you live your life every single day affects your skin just as much as the mark of time? I was unaware of this and Sincare has really opened up my eyes as to how actions affect skin.
<p> Sincare's succulent line of serums specifically address nine different lifestyle aging factors, allowing you to keep skin looking fresh and young, no matter where or how you live. The serums feature natural cosmeceuticals, vitamins, herbs, antioxidants, and biotech ingredients like yeast and algae. All ingredients have been tested for their efficacy against the lifestyle factor in question.
<p> The line includes the following serums:
<p> Party Girl-If you love evenings out with friends spent to the music of champagne corks, cocktail shakers doing their work, and the clink of glasses.
<p> Urban Renewal-City life is exhilarating, except for the polluted air. It's time to give skin a breather.
<p> Sun Goddess-For hardcore ex-sun junkies and everyone who drives, walks the dog, or strolls out to the mailbox.
<p> Line Rewind-Neglected skin is older looking skin. It's time for a do-over.
<p> Relaxation Sensation-A spa in a bottle for stressed faces.
<p> Sleep Doctor: For those who work or frolic too hard.
<p> Sugar Hit-have your cake and beautiful skin too.
<p> Smoker's Secret-Use it, just until you quit. Skin Coach-Replenish minerals after that triathlon, or brutal session with your very mean trainer.
<p> As the holidays rapidly approach, that means lots of late night parties and drinks. Party Girl is a concentrated booster serum designed to help party-fatigued skin recover. It provides a more hydrated, less-wrinkled glowing and youthful look. It's time to let Party Girl work its magic on your skin!
<h> Monday, October 21, 2013
<p> Do you have an upcoming trip to see family or friends this Fall? Thanksgiving is rapidly approaching and I know many people already have plane tickets booked for the holiday. If you're traveling at all this Fall, it's essential that you have the below Fall travel tips in mind as you pack.
<p> Jacey Duprie, of Damsel in Dior is now the spokeswoman of Seven Daughters Wine Savvy Seven blog panel. She has come up with some essential packing tips that will really benefit you.
<p> Before
<p> every trip, I treat myself to a night in bed to sip some Seven Daughters Pinot Noir and flip through magazines for outfit inspiration. I also make a list of different outfit options so that when it comes time to pack I feel prepared and have a good understanding of what to bring.
<p> Seven Tips for Packing for Fall Vacations:
<p> Pick a Color. Pick one shoe color and stick with it as the base color for all your packing. This will help narrow down your outfit choices to either match black or brown. You only need one heel and one flat.
<p> Three's Company. You shouldn't need more than three pairs of pants: One jean, one legging and one nicer pant. If you are a skirt girl, skirts fall into the Three's Company rule too. Focus on mix-and-match tops and pants to stretch your outfit potential.
<p> Cha-Cha-Chambray. My no. 1 pick when traveling is a chambray shirt. It can be worn as a base layer, middle or top layer for chilly nights. Plus you can belt or tie it for a different look.
<p> Avoid Bulky Sweaters. Pack thinner blouses, cardigans and tops that allow you to layer up different combinations and avoid the bulkiness of sweaters in your luggage space.
<p> Store It. Store jewelry and other small items inside your handbags to create more space for clothing.
<p> Wear it Out. Wear your big coat and chunkiest pair of shoes on the flight, as well as any scarf or hat you may be traveling with. It might be a lot to carry, but it makes packing much easier.
<p> Liquidate. Be sure to store any and all liquids in a sealed zip-lock to avoid any disasters…and airport security! Plenty of brands offer fantastic travel-sized beauty and skincare products that will be TSA approved, from Smashbox to Laura Mercier.
<h> Saturday, October 19, 2013
<p> When you picture the holiday season, what do you think of? I envision spending lots of time with family and friends, wonderful food and sweet treats, as well as warm conversation. A major component of the holidays is food, as we all know. It's essential to serve crowd-pleasing appetizers, dishes, and desserts to satisfy your guests. If you're thinking of what appetizers to serve for Thanksgiving, why not let Gift a Feast help?
<p> Gift a Feast carefully curates handcrafted tasty treats from the San Francisco bay area's thriving food scene into gift sets. These gift sets are beautifully wrapped and accompanied by a handwritten note. You can choose from several collections such as sweets, savories, and holidays. The sweets is a must for any chocolate or toffee lover. The savories features delicious appetizers that will make your taste buds sing. How does various tapenades, cheeses, and breads sound? That's just the beginning! The holidays collection include lots of gift options such as jams and teas for friends, family, and clients. Don't worry about taking a trip to San Francisco this year, let San Francisco come to you.
<p> I'm a foodie at heart and love to try new things, especially from local areas. I was fortunate enough to receive A Feast of Appetizers. This package is chock full of so many fantastic treats, I didn't know where to start first. At the time of receiving this, I was not having any company over who would be helping me sample the treats. I was so glad because I did not want to share!
<p> The contents feature:
<p> Fra'Mani Salame Piemontese
<p> Fra'Mani Salame Calabrese
<p> Central Coast Creamery Seascape
<p> Good Faith Farm Raw Lucques Olives - Lemon and Rosemary
<p> Rustic Bakery Olive Oil and Sel Gris Flat Bread
<p> Rustic Bakery Savory Cheese Coins
<p> Toffee Talk Crumble Mumble
<p> June Taylor Candied Meyer Lemon Peel
<p> As you can see, I certainly hit the food jackpot! I'm a lover of cheese and bread, so it's only natural that I chose to sample the olive oil flatbread paired with the savory cheese coins first. Cheese and bread are a classic combination and should never be separated. The coins are savory cookies made with aged gruyere, artisan cheddar, and reggiano parmesan. They are made with enough butter and flour to keep them fabulously crumbly. You can't use these coins as real currency, but they fare as currency to pay the toll to enter my stomach!
<p> I toasted the flatbread to start as I feel that the heat really brings out the flavor of the bread. I took a bite of the wonderfully warm bread and was hit with a tidal wave of flavor. I could taste the hint of olive oil along with other herbs. The rustic element was certainly on par and my taste buds loved every minute of it. I tried the cheese coins next and fell in love. I had no idea how I was living life without knowing that these lovelies existed. These perfectly cheesy round pieces of heaven were beyond delicious. They are crumbly, soft, and just everything you could want. The cheese flavor was very prominent and I liked how each note of the various cheeses were recognizable. This is a wonderful snack that would pair marvelously with a glass of wine.
<p> Since I just received the goodies recently, I haven't had a chance to try everything. The last item that I've tried so far was the toffee. This delicious homemade toffee was awesome. It was sweet and rich and had a crunch that was irresistible. I found myself enjoying more than I should. When it comes to my love of sweets, it seems to know no bounds.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of the items very soon. I plan on using the Calabrese and Piemontese on the rest of the flatbread. That could even be my snack later today. I'm sure it will be beyond tasty.
<p> If you're looking to wow your guests this Thanksgiving, why not delight them with appetizers from Gift a Feast? Their stomachs will thank you in return.
<h> Thursday, October 17, 2013
<p> Lights are part of our everyday world. We turn them on to take a shower and get dressed, among so many other necessities that require light. Do you ever stop to think about what your light comes out of? Of course can lights are the usual light sources, what about the beautiful lamp you have on your night stand or table in your living room? If you don't currently have a stylish light source, why not light up a room with a pretty lamp?
<p> Mystic Lights are a unique, creative, and fun lamp that can be used in many different ways. These are self-assemble lampshades made up of multiple interlocking pieces that can be assembled in a variety of ways. The easy to assemble kit features 30 pieces, instructions, and a light cord with an on/off switch. Mystic Lights are constructed of a lightweight, high-quality polypropylene material which is heat resistant, durable, flexible, and easy to clean. You can make the lights in various shapes including an oval, diamond, sphere, rosette, cube, or bell. The possibilities are endless. Let that creativity shine through! The lights come in a variety of colors for your taste and preferences. How does colors like pink, red blue, purple, or yellow among many others sound? If you're looking for a unique light source, this is definitely for you!
<p> Here are some ideas of what colors to choose from:
<p> Examples of how you can build the light.
<p> After you've decided on how to construct the light, you have to figure out where to put it. You can use it in a child's room, a living room, or use it as a floor lamp. It's really up to you. The light is easy to move around should you desire to use it in a different room. This would be a great focal point of a room and an excellent conversation piece too. Let Mystic Lights turn that dark room into a lit paradise!
