<h> Pages
<h> Friday, October 7, 2011
<p> You know how some women say they would absolutely hate getting kitchen appliances or housewares as gifts? I'm the complete opposite. I've received a panini maker for my birthday and various kitchenware as gifts. Any home related gifts are high up on my list. I'm kind of a kitchen nerd, I love the newest products and very much enjoy cooking.
<p> This mixer is true perfection at its finest. Please admire its luscious raspberriness. Take it all in. Feel free to wipe the drool from your screen, don't worry it's perfectly normal.
<p> Ahhhhhhh, :) The only thing more perfect is sampling a piece of chocolate cake made from that beauty.
<p> I plan on starting a weekly post or column if you will, of life in New York City. This is my introductory post. I want to share with you what it's like to live in such a bustling, chaotic city. I'll share anecdotes, stories and anything else relevant to New York life. I've been living in New York since 2006, when I moved here for college. I grew up in North Carolina and never thought that one day I would be living in an apartment under 1000 sq feet. I also never dreamed of living with no washer and dryer in my apartment and no dishwasher either. I certainly never pictured having one bathroom that is the size of a hall closet either. Did I ever think I would be carrying my own groceries? No way! I look back on my life now versus living in the suburbs and declare myself spoiled! Despite the flaws and lack of space this city offers, it makes up for it in various other ways. There is so much opportunity in this city. You never know who you'll walk into when you turn down any given street or what job opportunities you might find. Your dreams could made or broken in an instant.
<p> When I moved to Manhattan, I had no idea what was in store for me. I had just recently been on a Sex and The City kick so I pretty much thought that my New York life would be just like Carrie Bradshaw's. It was only like hers based on one aspect; the $500 credit card bill that I racked up shopping. Yes, the $500 was bad but it was my first week in NYC, I had to be fashionable, right? Shopping in New York is the ultimate dream for a shopaholic. There are stores on every corner in the city. I was living in Midtown East at the time and was surrounded by H&amp;M, Victoria's Secret, Bloomingdales, Urban Outfitters and much more. I could walk into Urban Outfitters at any given time and you can bet I was very tempted to spend. It was so easy to indulge too. All I had to do was give a quick swipe of plastic into the credit card machine and that gorgeous new winter coat was mine!
<p> The food here is extremely tempting. On every corner are gluttonous treats to indulge in however your heart desires. A slice of fabulous pepperoni pizza that's the size of your head? Yes, please! A chocolate chip cookie from the bakery that's been in business for 40 years? Of course! You can worry about that diet later. Take out and delivery is available 24 hours of the day. You can have a hamburger and fries at 2am. There's multiple restaurants on every street. Every type of cuisine is available anywhere. It's dangerous! Luckily I've developed some sense of self-control over the years. The keyword is SOME. :) Despite the fantastic treats this city offers, many individuals here are very health-conscious. We have state of the art gyms that offer classes for every new exercise regime or fitness craze that's popular at the moment. Hey, nobody said hot yoga would be fun but that's what you get for wanting that cookie. ;)
<p> Culture is everywhere. You can hop on a subway and be in front of the Museum of Natural History in a short time, or take a ferry to the Statue of Liberty whenever you'd like. It's truly incredible. This city offers so much history and sheer wonder, that I sometimes forget that those tourists I am so quick to roll my eyes at when they stop to take pictures was once me. It's easy to get wrapped up in daily life but I like to stop sometimes and take it all in. There's no other place in the world like Manhattan and I consider myself quite fortunate to call this city my home.
<p> I've learned a lot from this city. I knew what a guido was long before Jersey Shore became popular, and I've seen my fair share of hipsters too. Sometimes I think those skinny jeans might have to be surgically removed because they are so tight! I've met many people over time who have entered and even exited my life. I consider each chapter in my life a learning experience. Manhattan is full of hopes, dreams, and goals. I've done my fair share of growing up here as I started the end of my teen years and flourished into adulthood. I feel that this city has helped to shape me into the person that I have become now. One day I would like to offer my wallet some relief from all of the insane prices and costs and move back into the suburbs, but until then I look forward to loving life here.
<p> *I will be writing these posts every Friday. I'll update you with life in the big city and let you live vicariously through me!* :)
<h> Thursday, October 6, 2011
<p> It's easy to feel like you're not leading a healthy diet. Sweets and carbs are very tempting and easy to give in to. It's important to make sure you're receiving enough daily protein. I'm guilty of not always maintaining a healthy diet. There's always room for improvement and change though. :)
<p> Sargento has teamed up with dietitian Elizabeth Ward who focuses on “mini-meals” as wholesome snack options.
<p> The idea is that a mini-meal snacking routine, complete with nutrient-rich and protein-packed foods like Sargento cheese paired with carrots or celery sticks, can help snackers avoid mid-afternoon slumps and fill in dietary gaps.
<p> As a spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association for nearly 10 years, Elizabeth was featured in nearly 1,000 print and broadcast interviews, including CNN, The Boston Globe, The New York Times, U.S. News &amp; World Report, and ABC Radio News. She has also conducted numerous satellite media tours, and has appeared on ABC World News Tonight to discuss MyPyramid for Kids.
<p> Ward has been a speaker at more than 140 professional meetings, including The American Dietetic Association, The Florida Dietetic Association, The Massachusetts Dietetic Association, The Pennsylvania School Food Service Association, The National Association of Catering Executives, and the Tenth International Congress of Dietetics in Paris, France.
<p> I had a great opportunity to ask Elizabeth some nutrition questions. Sometimes you feel like you're making healthy eating choices, but you don't really know the truth unless you ask someone who truly knows about food.
<p> What does Elizabeth recommend for healthy eating on-the-go?On-the-go schedules can make it difficult to snack smart because we have less time to plan ahead. Instead of choosing wholesome snacks, it’s easier to grab low-nutrient foods, like chips, cookies and candy. It’s important to plan for healthy snacks that can keep you from binging and eating the wrong foods.
<p> What is the recommended serving of protein that one needs on a daily basis?The best snacks combine fiber and protein to keep you feeling full for longer; adults require about 6 ½ ounces of meat, chicken, or seafood, or the equivalent, on a daily basis. Try incorporating protein-rich foods, such as milk, cheese, yogurt, nuts, nut butter, hummus and eggs in your snacking routine.
<p> Is dark chocolate (for the health benefits) something that a person can have a little bit of a few times a week? Dark chocolate has a number of health benefits, when it’s consumed in moderation. Dark chocolate contains antioxidants that can help prevent aging, and flavonoids to relax blood pressure. It also provides feel-good compounds that elevate your mood. It’s even good for your heart! Depending on your calorie budget, you can have dark chocolate every day. Eat the darkest chocolate you can; the darker chocolate contains more cocoa, which is what provides the health benefits. Unprocessed cocoa has the highest levels of beneficial compounds.
<p> I thought her answers were wonderful and provided me with great insight as to how I can manage my diet better. I would have loved to ask her more questions, but I know she's very busy.
<p> *Disclosure* Thank you to Elizabeth Ward and Sargento for this opportunity. I received complimentary coupons from Sargento for this post. All thoughts and opinions are strictly my own and not influenced by anything else.
<h> Wednesday, October 5, 2011
<p> Now that fall is here, what better time then to fill our stomachs with warm, hearty, and satisfying soups? There's nothing better than a toasty roll or grilled cheese sandwich dipped into a delicious steaming bowl of soup. Soup is a definite comfort food.
<p> In 1865, in the town of Lucca, Francesco Bertolli opened a small storefront business selling regional foods such as olive oil, wine, cheese and olives. In the late 1800s, Italian immigrants in America, unable to find the products to which they were accustomed, wrote to Bertolli asking for crates of olive oil. In reply, Bertolli sent orders to America and thus became the first exporter of olive oil. From its beginnings in olive oil, Bertolli has grown to include a broad range of restaurant-quality pasta sauce and skillet meals. Today, more than 140 years since Francesco Bertolli began selling his olive oil in Lucca, Italy, the original "Villa Bertolli" at piazza S. Donato still stands, just as Bertolli remains at the heart of the authentic Italian cuisine enjoyed at home by millions of families around the world.
<p> I've had the pleasure of sampling the oven bake frozen meals and I give two thumbs up in approval. I also always use Bertolli pasta sauce. It's a regular staple in my house.
<p> Bertolli recently introduced a line of premium meal soups for two. Bertolli uses only the freshest ingredients in these delicious and easy-to-prepare meals. The restaurant-quality soups are full of crisp vegetables, cooked chicken or beef, and pasta that leaves you feeling satisfied.
<p> Bertolli® Premium Meal Soups for Two are available in 24 oz. packages, and with the addition of one cup of water, yield 32 oz. of mouthwatering soup. The soups are available in the frozen aisle of grocery retailers nationwide, including Walmart and Target, and are offered in four appetizing varieties:
<p> Which one sounds the best to you? I'm a huge fan of tortellini, so I'm always game for a bowl of tomato florentine and tortellini with chicken. Yum Yum! These soups would be a wonderful and quick meal for you and your significant other on a cold night.
<p> 13. Like Bertolli on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/Bertolli)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 22, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- This giveaway is being run independently and I received the set from Bertolli.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Tuesday, October 4, 2011
<p> I regularly like to find unique cookware and kitchen accessories to use. I have a hand mixer from the 1960's, vintage canisters for my flour and sugar, and vintage tea tins for my tea and hot cocoa too. There's just something about using an item with history that captures my interest. As soon as I saw the products on Jacob Bromwell's website, I was instantly inspired.
<p> Jacob Bromwell offers unique, hard-to-find products from America's only original, old-fashioned housewares company. The items have been handcrafted in the USA since 1819. They sell very cool items for having a campfire. How about using a metal popcorn popper over that open fire? Don't forget the authentic campfire oven too. Many other unique campfire items are sold to get you and your family ready for a night of good eatin'. Old fashioned kitchenware such as cookie sheets, pioneer folding toasters, and an all American flour sifter just to name a few are for sale too. These pieces are definitely conversation starters and people will want to know where you purchased them!
<p> I was sent an 8" Frontier frying pan for review. It's a really great pan.The frontier frying pan going to work to cook you a hearty meal.
<p> Sorry that this picture is so small.
<p> This pan is made the exact same way as in the olden days. It features a one piece, heavy gauge-steel pan and an original tin handle. The pan is perfect for omelettes, eggs, hashbrowns, pancakes, and more. The cooking surface is wide so it can cook a lot at once. The long handle promises to keep your hands cool and free from any burns. These pans are prone to rust, which can easily and safely be removed with simple sand paper.
<p> Before you even use this pan you have to season it in the oven, which also helps to prevent rust. I was not aware of what that meant, so I had to ask. You have to thoroughly clean the pan especially the cooking surface before use. Pour a small amount of oil (about 1 tablespoon) in the pan and spread it around the entire cooking surface of the pan. Finally place the pan in the oven on the top shelf on a 500 degree broil for 10-15 minutes. You can then cook with the pan normally, just coat the pan with non-stick oil like you would with any non-stick pan.
<p> This pan is very different which is why I was instantly attracted to it. It's not something that you could find in an everyday department store or even a Target. It's unique and looks like a piece of American history. The frying pan is hand-crafted so there are some imperfections, but I actually like that it's not perfect. The steel is bright and shiny. The pan is heavy duty and definitely packs some weight. I just wish it came with a lid. The cookware was easy to season and I had no issues while doing so. It heated up quickly on my stove and in no time I was making pork chops faster than Abraham Lincoln would have! My pork chops cooked beautifully and I might add very quickly and evenly too. It was definitely fun to cook my dinner in something that looked like I time traveled to the 1800's and took it!
<p> This pan is not dishwasher safe. You can't clean it with regular dish liquid either. You have to clean it with water and a sponge or cloth. The soap will remove the oil coating and you'll have to recoat it.
<p> This pan would be the perfect gift for any foodie or anyone who loves cookware with a history.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win an 8" Frontier frying pan from Jacob Bromwell.
<p> 13. Like Jacob Bromwell on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/pages/Jacob-Bromwell/143572949036052)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 18, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, October 3, 2011
<p> I'm thinking of putting up a new page on my blog called testimonials. Please let me know if you would be interested in participating. I'd love to have testimonials of people who have won my contests (and if you were satisfied with the prize, how long it took to arrive, etc), and also what you think of my blog in general. I'd love to know how often you visit, etc. Let me know if I can have a testimonial from you and I'd gladly put it up on the page! You can leave a comment here or feel free to email me at SammiRichardson@yahoo.com
<p> I enjoy Silk's chocolate soymilk on a frequent basis. I love the rich, creamy chocolate taste and of course the health benefits of soy. It's funny because I only drink fat free milk, but I allow myself to have a glass of chocolate soy milk a few times a month. I just can't avoid that delicious taste!
<p> More than 30 years ago, Silk set out to make the world a healthier place. Not just for people who drink Silk, but for everyone. Don't let the delicious taste fool you, they're serious about their soymilk, almondmilk and coconutmilk.
<p> With every cup of Silk, you get calcium, vitamin D and the goodness of soy, almonds or coconut. All of their non-dairy milks are free of lactose, cholesterol, gluten, eggs, casein, MSG and worries.
<p> Did you know that there were this many Silk products? I honestly didn't before doing my product research. The Silk seasonal sounds absolutely amazing and I will definitely have to look for it in the grocery store in the next few months.
<p> Silk not only tastes delicious, it is excellent for you:
<p> Plant-based milk alternatives like Silk soymilk, almondmilk and coconutmilk are not only excellent sources of calcium, but also Vitamin D. Each 8-ounce serving contains 45 percent of the daily recommended value of calcium and at least 25 percent of the daily recommended value of Vitamin D. Together, these nutrients form an essential pair as Vitamin D helps calcium to be absorbed in the body. Clinical evidence confirms that calcium and Vitamin D play an important, beneficial role in building and maintaining bone health throughout life. Since there are few natural food sources of Vitamin D, fortified foods serve an important role in helping people meet their needs.
<p> Packaging has been updated on Silk natural refrigerated soymilk cartons – which include vanilla, chocolate, very vanilla and original flavors – to show that they contain “50 percent more calcium than milk.” While the Silk Organic products will not have increased calcium levels, one glass of Silk Organic soymilk will continue to provide as much calcium as typical dairy milk.
<p> Why not enjoy a tasty and healthy glass of soymilk or almondmilk today? I bet you won't go back to regular milk after having Silk. :)
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a free product coupon for a Silk product of their choice.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what your favorite product from Silk is. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Silk on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/SilkUS)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 17, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Saturday, October 1, 2011
<p> I regularly go out to eat about once every week. Sometimes it's two times a week, but that's rare. I like to choose restaurants that have wholesome, delicious food. When you dine at a buffet, there's always going to be something that appeals to you. I like that you can actually see the food, when you order off of a menu in other restaurants you have no idea what the food looks like. There may be an ingredient in the food that you don't like, etc. Sweet Tomatoes always has a fantastic variety of foods that I love to come back to time and time again.
<p> Sweet Tomatoes pride themselves on offering an all-you-care-to-eat dining experience where each of their guests can create a meal tailored to their needs. Of course, you can count on fresh, high-quality ingredients and daily made-from-scratch menu items. The salad bar buffet features over 50 fresh ingredients, including specialty tossed and prepared salads. In addition to salads, they serve original recipe hot pastas, hand-crafted soups, scratch-made muffins, and Focaccia breads in their hot buffet.
<p> Mexican inspired soup at Sweet Tomatoes
<p> Fresh salads at Sweet Tomatoes
<p> Sweet Tomatoes truly has something for everyone. Their soups are hearty, delicious and comforting. The tossed and prepared salads are healthy, fresh, and wonderful. The bakery offers yummy muffins and breads. The hot pastas and kitchen favorites warm your soul with fantastic flavor and taste. The desserts let you indulge your sweet tooth. Sweet Tomatoes even caters to gluten free individuals. This restaurant would be the perfect place to bring your family. They will absolutely love it! The staff has always been friendly every time I've been to one of their Florida locations as well. They go above and beyond to make sure you're satisfied and the food is served to you at your liking.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will each win two complimentary dining passes to Sweet Tomatoes.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me if you've ever been to Sweet Tomatoes before and what you liked about it. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Sweet Tomatoes on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/Souplantation)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 15, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, September 30, 2011
<p> You know what I dislike? Boring bread. I really don't like flimsy, tasteless, tiny pieces of sliced bread. I love large and in charge dense pieces of sliced bread packed with great taste. Rudi's certainly does not disappoint as their bread rocks my world!
<p> Rudi's Organic Bakery offers oganic and gluten-free bread baked with ingredients you recognize and can pronounce. They use ingredients that are simple and certified organic to bake better bread. High fructose corn syrup, chemical preservatives, or artificial ingredients are never used. Rudi's has delicious flavors of bread such as rocky mountain sourdough (my favorite!), 100% whole wheat, cinnamon raisin, tuscan roasted garlic, and honey sweet whole wheat among many others.
<p> Some various flavors of Rudi's breads.
<p> If you haven't had Rudi's before, I urge you to try it very soon. Their sourdough bread is absolutely perfect for grilled cheese. Pair that with a steaming hot bowl of tomato soup and you've got yourself the perfect lunch. Have a slice of cinnamon raisin bread slathered with a light layer of jelly and it's breakfast time!
<p> Two lucky winners will be trying Rudi's in the near future as they will be the lucky winners of a free product coupon and a sandwich keeper. The sandwich keeper is perfect for a quick lunch on the go or at school or work.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking TWO (2) winners for this contest. Two winners will each win a free product coupon for Rudi's bread and a sandwich keeper.
<p> 13. Like Rudi's on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/rudisorganicbakery)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 12, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> I often curl my hair for special events, parties, or even just when I feel like it. I get tired of my straight hair and I always love when I have the opportunity to curl it. I've been using Conair curling products for years and I always love the results I achieve with their products. The curls look great, they last long, and I always get compliments.
<p> Conair is a developer, manufacturer and marketer of health and beauty products and kitchen and electronic appliances. Since its founding in 1959, the company has become a leading manufacturer of nationally branded personal and health care small appliances. Conair holds the number one position in the industry with hair dryers and curling irons. Other products also include grooming, health and wellness appliances.
<p> Are you looking for a new hair curling product to use? Are you sick of holding the curling iron to your head and being limited in being able to do anything else? I have the perfect product for you!
<p> One lucky winner will win Conair Xtreme Instant Heat™ Multisized Hot Rollers!If you’re looking for curls, waves or a smooth, polished look, “setting” your hair in hot rollers is a great tried-and-true styling method. Think they’re something you don’t have time for? Think again! Conair Xtreme Instant Heat Multisized Hot Rollers are fully heated and ready to use in 75 seconds, and they are the ultimate multi-tasker’s beauty tool -- set your hair while doing your makeup, choosing your outfit/accessories or even having your breakfast! Take them out and watch your whole look come together.
<p> The clips and rollers are both heated for extra hold and infused with ceramic technology for better heat transfer and longer-lasting curls. The set includes 20 ceramic multi-sized rollers: 8 jumbo rollers, 6 large rollers, and 6 medium rollers and 20 lightweight heated clips. Each pink roller has a ready dot to let you know when they’re heated and have stay-cool end rings to protect your fingers while styling.
<p> Have straight hair? Watch this instructional video on how to take your straight hair into the world of curly:
<p> These rollers are just what you've been missing in your hair and beauty routine. Set your hair today to achieve beautiful curls that everyone will love.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win Conair Xtreme Instant Heat™ Multisized Hot Rollers.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what Conair products have been your favorite over the years. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 13. Like Conair on Facebook for 1 entry(http://www.facebook.com/conairhair)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 11, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> Since my dog can't make fashionable choices on her own, I have to make them for her. I know she appreciates my help though. :) I always make sure she has the latest hottest and fashionable treats, toys, leashes, collars, etc. She always has been the most stylish dog on the block. I'm always on the lookout to make her even more trendy though.
<p> Ruff Wear's mission is to build performance product to enhance and inspire outdoor adventures for dogs and their human companions. That mission has stood the test of time. Ruff Wear continually strives to design and build performance dog gear that allows their four-legged friends to accompany us on our shared adventures, all while providing a level of safety and comfort in the great outdoors.
<p> I thought this company was really unique. They are dedicated in selling products that allow us to enjoy outdoor activities with our furry friends. I've never seen a website that feels so strongly about it and I really admire that. Why not include your dog on your outdoor walks, hikes, or camp-outs? Let them have some fun too! Are you looking for a dog life jacket, dog boots, portable dog bowls, dog packs, or even dog harnesses? Ruff Wear sells all of those in many different colors and styles.
<p> Since Colby is 13 and I don't do many outdoor activities that involve her, a lot of these products don't apply to us. I settled on two Flat Out leashes. I chose Glacial Blue and Lotus. These leashes come in many different colors and styles, to compliment any dog's fashion sense. :)
<p> The Flat Out Leash features a side release buckle that allows for three handle conversions:1. Hand-held leash (for a standard walk)2. Waist-worn leash (for a hands-free adventure)3. Fixed leash (clipped around a tree or post while you run to grab a cup of coffee)A convenient traffic handle close to the Talon Clip™ gives you quick control.
<p> These leashes are absolutely great! They are very strong and durable which is really nice. Colby's previous leash and collar were cute but not very quality made and it got ruined pretty quickly. I can tell that these leashes will not fray or get ruined easily. The colors are cute too. I think my favorite is the Lotus leash, the pink and green colors really compliment each other nicely. I like that there are three handle conversions just in case I need to change how I walk Colby. I would never use the fixed leash though. I've used the hand-held leash for a standard walk quite a few times already, which is what I'm used to. I haven't tried the waist-worn leash yet, but I will soon. The leashes are very easy to use and they are secure too, so she can not get out of the collar easily. I think Colby's favorite is the Lotus leash too because she's very much a girly dog!
<p> *Disclosure-I was provided product from Ruff Wear in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine.
<h> Wednesday, September 28, 2011
<p> I could seriously eat pizza everyday if given the chance. Extra cheese, sausage, pepperoni, or even margherita I'll eat all of the yummy choices! :) Freschetta does a fantastic job of providing a variety of quality and delicious pizza flavors for its consumers.
<p> Freschetta frozen pizzas are made with top-quality ingredients and taste-tested recipes, just to make sure your pizza will always deliver FRESCH® flavor. Freschetta offers such mouth-watering pizzas as classic supreme, Canadian style bacon and pineapple, and 4 cheese medley. Are you aware that there's a new line out called Simply Inspired? Some of the pizza flavors include Harvest Supreme and Rustic Pepperoni Pomodoro. Don't forget that Freschetta also sells pizza crust so you can make your own delicious pizza creations!
<p> An example of Freschetta pizzas.
<p> Freschetta is announcing national breast cancer awareness month. They are doing their part to support research by presenting the Freschetta "proud to support pink" program from September 25th to October 31st when you purchase specially-marked packages of Freschetta pizza and artisan pizza crusts. You will be helping them reach their goal of a $50,000 donation to the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Specially marked packages are printed with codes that you can enter at www.ProudToSupportPink.com. For each code entry, the makers of Freschetta products will donate $1 to this center to support breast cancer research, up to $50,000. The Freschetta homepage also has a place for people to share their breast cancer journey or the journey of a friend or loved one. These stories will be displayed on Proud to Support Pink and on Freschetta's Facebook page to inspire all those who read them. They are also giving away 50 pink iPod Shuffles each week in October. Additionally, 50 pink iPod Shuffles will be donated each week in October to four cancer centers around America to be enjoyed by breast cancer patients during treatment.
<p> One lucky winner will win a Proud to Support Pink prize. The prize includes a coupon to try any Freschetta pizza and two pairs of Freschetta proud to support pink branded earphones. One pair is for you to keep and the other pair is to share with a friend or family member as a reminder of proactive health.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a Freschetta proud to support pink kit including a coupon for a free Freschetta pizza, and two pink Freschetta proud to support pink branded earbuds.
<p> 13. Like Freschetta Pizza on Facebook for 1 entry(https://www.facebook.com/freschettapizza)
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 10, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. Freschetta contacted me and provided products for my review, but the thoughts/opinions/ideas I provide are strictly my own.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<p> There's something truly special about handmade jewelry. Sure, store bought jewelry is nice, but nothing beats a piece that someone spent time making. I'd rather wear a handmade necklace much more then wearing a ring I bought at Macy's. You can't beat handmade with love.
<p> Ten Thousand Villages is an exceptional source for unique handmade gifts, jewelry, home decor, art and sculpture. Their textiles, serveware and personal accessories represent the diverse cultures of artisans in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. They are one of the world's largest fair trade organizations and a founding member of the World Fair Trade Organization (WFTO). The company strives to improve the livelihood of tens of thousands of disadvantaged artisans in 38 countries. Ten Thousand Villages accomplishes this by establishing a sustainable market for handmade products in North America, and building long term buying relationships in places where skilled artisan partners lack opportunities for stable income. Product sales help pay for food, education, healthcare and housing for artisans who would otherwise be unemployed or underemployed.
<p> This company is doing something truly beneficial and helping to better people's lives. That makes me happy and I fully support them.
<p> Ten Thousand Villages sells gorgeous items that would make the perfect gift for anyone. If you choose to buy them a decorative houseware item, they will display it in their home with pride.
<p> I was sent 3 beautiful bracelets to review.
<p> Stunning foil bead bracelet features glass beads with foil at the center, in cool colors of aqua, silver and blue. From the women artisans of Tara Projects, a pioneering fair trade program for community development and business.
<p> This is such a beautiful and fun bracelet. I love the pretty turquoise and translucent glass beads. The colors are bright and vivid. I love chunky jewelry so this is just my style. I also have a lot of beaded jewelry so it will fit in with my collection well. The patterns on the beads are just so pretty. You can tell the bracelet was made with painstaking dedication and took a lot of time to create. The bracelet fits me well and is not heavy to wear at all. It is made with quality materials and I feel it will last a while. The bracelet would look great with a pretty black business suit or black dress.
<p> Heaps of hoops, single and double, in graduated size, give your wrist the attractive gleam of shining brass. From Bombolulu Workshops, Mombasa.
<p> This bracelet is by far my favorite piece that I received. I am instantly attracted to hoops and circles in jewelry and this is right up my alley. The gold circles are shiny and sparkle in the light. The circles are not too large either, but the just the perfect size. The bracelet is very fun and modern which is what I look for in jewelry and accessories. It fits me well and is adjustable, just in case I'd like to make it tighter or looser. The bracelet would look great with practically anything you wear and you could dress it up or down depending on what you choose to wear. The piece is quality made and I will definitely be wearing it to an upcoming dinner party that I have.
<p> Get on a smooth and steady wavelength with this rippling metal bracelet from Trinity Jewelry Crafts.
<p> I really love this cuff too, but unfortunately it is too big for me. I will try to work with adjusting it more for a better fit. I have to be careful so I don't break it though. I do wish it fit better because I would love to wear it. The silver is high quality and has a nice shine to it. I love the wavy design of the cuff though, it's my favorite part about it. You could wear this cuff with whatever you choose to wear because silver excellently pairs with anything. Some cuffs are very heavy on my wrist and I can't wear them for long periods of time, this cuff is light weight which is perfect. Hopefully I will be wearing this cuff soon!
<p> *Disclosure-I received these bracelets in exchange for this review. All opinions and thoughts are solely mine.
<h> Tuesday, September 27, 2011
<p> Like I've said before, I hate cold weather but very much enjoy winter clothes. I love warm jackets, beautiful patterned scarves, and fashionable boots. I enjoy scouting out new clothing websites that allow me to get my winter clothes fix in. DownEast Basics was the perfect candidate for that. :)
<p> DownEast Basics offers gorgeous clothes, swimwear, and accessories for girls and women. Housewares are also available for purchase. The clothes are gorgeous, trendy, and quality made. Whether you're looking for a great cocktail dress, a cute cardigan for Fall, or a fabulous pair of jeans, DownEast Basics will keep you looking stylish.
<p> Anything from DownEast would make a great gift for your daughter, girlfriend, niece, cousin, etc. They truly have something for everyone's taste and style.
<p> I was sent a gorgeous Knot Alone plum cardigan for review.
<p> The first thing I noticed about this cardigan is that the color is absolutely perfect for Fall. It's a really nice deep purple color that I love. The cardigan fits me well and is the perfect length too. It would look great paired with a pair of skinny jeans or a cute pair of black flats too. I love the large black and gold buttons, they really give the cardigan some added fun personality. There are two pockets on either side of the cardigan too. My favorite thing about the cardigan is the knotted detail on the shoulders. It's a very unique detail that I've never seen on any other cardigan before. It was what drew me into the cardigan. Overall, I am very pleased with the cardigan and can't wait to wear it sometime soon!
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a top of their choice from DownEast Basics.
<p> Winner will be chosen on October 9, 2011 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day. Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
