<h> Tuesday, June 4, 2013
<p> Jewelry is something I can never grow tired of. A beautiful sparkly necklace, a chunky bangle bracelet, or even dangly earrings are among some of the pieces you can find in my jewelry armoire. I find myself always picking up something new to add to my collection every time I go shopping. Jewelry is the perfect way to help you express yourself and let your personality shine through.
<p> LoveShineBridal is an Etsy shop that specializes in custom bridal jewelry, bridesmaids jewelry, and wedding accessories. The shop sells necklaces, bracelets, and earrings. All of the jewelry is beautiful and there is a certainly a special piece for your big day, or for your bridesmaids to wear. Even if you're not getting married, the jewelry still is wonderful to wear for everyday.
<p> I was sent a beautiful pair of mint gold jade earrings for review. Even though I'm getting married in August, I don't intend to wear these on the day of. I just love them as everyday, casual jewelry.
<p> These earrings are so beautiful and unique! I love the big mint stone surrounded by the beautiful gold. What a fantastic pairing! I don't currently own anything like them which is why I chose to review them. They are not overly large, but not too small either. I'd say they are the perfect size! The earrings are of high quality and I can tell made well. They are comfortable to wear and are not heavy on my ear.
<p> The best part about these earrings is that they'd compliment so many colors and outfits well. They transform from work to play very easily. I'm excited about having these in my armoire and I look forward to wearing them often.
<p> My philosophy in life is that you sometimes have to indulge. A piece of cheesecake, a slice of pepperoni pizza, or even a bowl of baked ziti is fine in moderation. Sometimes you have to sit back and feed your cravings, it's certainly hard not to. It's always a win win when you can find a delicious snack that is low in calories and fat, but high in taste. Go ahead and treat yourself today, you deserve it!
<p> PopCorners is the world's first popcorn chip that is available in six delicious flavors. Your taste buds would love to be introduced to butter, white cheddar, sea salt, kettle, cheesy jalapeno, and caramel! As a healthy and gluten-free snack, Popcorners wanted to carry on the traditional goodness of snacking on popcorn, but with a twist! Recently, the scrumptious snack company has launched a whole grain line of Popcorners! These whole grainy goodness chips come in three fabulous flavors such as sweet cinnamon, Memphis BBQ, and twisted salt. There is a fourth flavor in the works. With less than 150 calories per bag, these munchies are guilt free snacks anytime and anywhere.
<p> I worked with PopCorners a few years back and had a great experience. They recently contacted me again to review their new whole grain line. Of course I had to say yes. It was time to reconnect with that delicious chip and show the triangular beauty its new home in my stomach.
<p> Popcorners getting comfy on my couch.
<p> I really like the new packaging design. Each flavor has a different color to differentiate each flavor. The text is easy and clear to read, and everything is spaced out and not cluttered. I love the picture of the chip on the bag too.
<p> As I decided on what flavor to try first, the one that stood out to me instantly was Memphis BBQ. I love anything BBQ so I was excited to see what this chip brought. A traditional Popcorner is triangular shaped. These were very thin and round. The chip not only brought a fabulous crunch but the delicious smoky flavor of BBQ exploded in my mouth. These were not spicy at all, but the BBQ flavor was spot on. These were fabulous and I quickly attacked the entire bag until I was staring at nothing but an empty bag.
<p> I was hesitant to try the twisted salt flavor because I wasn't sure what to expect. Was I going to have an overly salty chip that won't be something I'll enjoy? The twisted part put some twisted thoughts into my head, for sure. I am not a huge lover of salt as it is. I decided to try the chip and I was pleasantly surprised! The chip was not overly salty at all but had a light layer of salt that was actually addicting. I really enjoyed them and was proud of myself for trying them.
<p> The last flavor I tried was the sweet cinnamon. I was intrigued with these because I've never had cinnamon in anything other than a dessert, certainly not chips! I tried a Popcorner and it was very tasty! The cinnamon flavor was not overly prevalent, but I did notice it. The sweet and salty paired together like champs and the crunch of the chip just made everything better. I know it may seem like an odd flavor for a chip, but trust me it's worth trying!
<p> I really like the fact that these chips are 100% whole grain and all natural too. That makes any snacker happy. Throw a bag into your child's lunchbox, or even pack a bag into your purse for work. Popcorners will make your stomach smile.
<h> Monday, June 3, 2013
<p> There's never a wrong time of day to enjoy a cookie. How about a chocolate chip one in the morning, an oatmeal raisin in the afternoon, and a sugar cookie at night? That is the perfect cookie schedule, in my opinion. I love a delicious freshly baked cookie just as much as I love a beautifully decorated one. Just make sure you have an ice cold glass of milk to enjoy the cookie with!
<p> CelebrateWithCookies is an Etsy shop ran by Leslie Dennis who certainly appreciates a good cookie. Leslie has been baking for her family and friends for many years now. She just started her own Etsy business last April, selling deliciously decorated cookies. She creates many different shaped cookies for a variety of occasions and decorates them so beautifully. How about serving your guests tulip cookies, wedding dress cookies, baseball cookies, and many more? They will absolutely love it! Please consider Leslie's shop for a bridal shower, baby shower, or even your next birthday party or BBQ. Everything is made with so much love and dedication.
<p> Since summer is here, it's time to appreciate the bright colors and flowers that summer brings. Leslie was kind enough to be able to send me some of her fabulous tulip cookies for review.
<p> How awesome are these? The bright frosting is so enticing. I wish I had talent like this!
<p> These tulip cookies are so cool! I admire anyone who's able to make perfectly shaped cookies and decorate them so professionally. The cookie itself is a sugar cookie, cut into a tulip and then decorated with icing. There is also an accent of glitter on the top of the flower to help make it stand out.
<p> The cookies are on a stick, which would make them easy to stick into a centerpiece to display at a party or event. Since they are also portable, stick them into your child's backpack for an after school treat, or stash one in your desk drawer for an afternoon pick-me-up.
<p> You cannot beat a cookie made from scratch by any means. This cookie was soft and moist and full of perfect sweet sugar cookie flavor. It was very fresh and tasted like it was made with high quality ingredients. The icing was sweet, but not overly sweet. I like that it was frosted lightly and not layered on thickly. Frosting makes everything better and it certainly complimented the cookie well.
<p> I can't get enough of these cookies. I've saved the other two to enjoy sometime soon. Here's to hoping I can control myself! :)
<p> One lucky winner will get to enjoy the cookies too as they will win a cookie bouquet! Each bouquet includes 8-10 hand decorated tulip cookies on sticks. Get ready, you're in for a treat!
<p> Treats are everything to a dog. Colby, the dog I grew up with, is obsessed with treats. I think she would potentially kill herself or put herself in danger to gobble up a chicken or liver treat. Her love for treats knows no bounds. I've been told that Carolyn is a treat lover too. Instead of storing treats in their bag and leaving it in a cabinet, I wanted to spice up the yummies and store them in something a more fun and cute. EverythingDecorated came to my design rescue.
<p> EverythingDecorated is an Etsy shop ran by a woman named Brittany who creates unique, heartfelt gifts for yourself, and your friends and family. She originally started out creating hand-painted wine glasses to sell on Etsy. When Brittany saw success in this, she branched out her business and started making vinyl glasses, jars, cups, wreaths, centerpieces and so much more. Her products would make great gifts for any occasion and it's evident that she puts a lot of love and dedication into what she does.
<p> I was actually going to buy a treat jar for Carolyn in Target. I decided not to because I wanted something more unique and personalized. Brittany was kind enough to make an adorable treat jar for Carolyn. I better keep this up high where she can't help herself!
<p> How adorable is this jar? It's petite and cute, just like Carolyn!
<p> What I first noticed about the jar was that it's a great sturdy, quality piece of glass. The vinyl letters are high quality and applied with care. Each letter was applied perfectly straight, and there are no air bubbles in any of the letters. I love the font too. The vinyl paw prints and dog bones are adorable too.
<p> The jar filled with yummies, awaiting Carolyn to gobble them all up!
<p> As you can see, I've already filled the jar up with certain treats I was told she loves. The jar fits perfectly on my kitchen counter. It's a lot easier to grab a treat for her from the jar, rather than retrieve it from the bag inside the cabinet.
<p> I'm very satisfied with Brittany's work and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for a cute custom gift. Now, I just have to wait for Carolyn to come home to give her a treat!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Brittany from EverythingDecorated for providing me with this complimentary treat jar in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, May 30, 2013
<p> Sweets are everything to me. A warm freshly baked cookie, a scrumptious brownie with ice cream on top, or even a thick slice of cheesecake mean the world to me. Sweet treats are comfort food and certainly bring a smile to one's face when they enjoy them. The next time you have company over, serve a cake and gather around the table with warm laughs and conversation.
<p> SweetonHearts wants to spread happiness around the world like frosting on a cookie. All of Michelle's baked goods are freshly baked, hand-crafted and perfect for birthday parties, bridal showers, weddings, baby showers and so much more. Why not treat yourself to some of her fabulous goodies today? Her yummies include heart shaped brownie sandwiches, sugar cookies, whoopee pies, rice krispie treats and so much more. Everything she makes is in the shape of a heart! I absolutely love that.
<p> I was sent a variety box of some of her treats. The shipping was exceptionally speedy and her package presentation was beautiful!
<p> What's inside you ask? Why, let me show you!
<p> Look at those beauties! My heart turned into liquid sugar when I laid my eyes upon these treats.
<p> As I looked at each treat, I decided which one I wanted to try first. The heart-shaped brownie sandwich caught my eye and I knew it had to have a date with my tummy.
<p> Michelle makes these chewy brownies from scratch and then lovingly cuts them into heart shapes. She generously pipes a thick layer of homemade raspberry buttercream in between each brownie heart. This is certainly a sinfully excellent dessert!
<p> I took my initial bite of the brownie and I was transported to a world where everything is only chocolate. The brownie was dense, moist and simply wonderful. It was perfectly soft and truly everything I could want in a brownie. The raspberry buttercream was a beautiful deep pink color and had a wonderful sweet, raspberry flavor. The raspberry complimented the chocolate fabulously and I was in heaven. I could certainly tell that a lot of love and hard work went into making this brownie sandwich.
<p> I cannot wait to dig into the other treats in the box. They are all bouncing around in there screaming "eat me!" I know I won't be able to resist them for long. I'm sure they will be equally as delicious.
<p> Please consider Michelle's Etsy shop the next time you have a sweet treat craving! Your taste buds and stomach will thank you.
<p> I've been shopping at Kohl's for a number of years now. I love their affordable prices and the wide variety of clothes and accessories. Even though I live near a Kohl's, I often visit their website to shop because I find that they have different merchandise online than they do in the store. I love being able to shop in my pajamas. You couldn't do that at a real Kohl's!
<p> Kohl's is your one stop shop for women, men, and children's clothing and accessories, housewares, shoes and much more. Need a new outfit for yourself for a Christmas party, or maybe your child needs a new outfit for her birthday party? No problem, Kohl's has you covered. They have the latest fashions at unbeatable prices. The clothes are made well and very durable. I have a favorite pair of high heels that I purchased there 3 years ago and still wear to this day. They've held up very well! Please consider Kohl's for any of your upcoming summer needs.
<p> Kohl's granted me the opportunity to do a review. I felt very lucky! Shopping is second nature to me, so of course I had no problem getting my shop on. I browsed the website and quickly filled up my basket with some summer tops. I had a lot of fun browsing each category and selecting what I loved best. Not long after that, I completed my order and then a package showed up at my door!
<p> As soon as I saw this top, I instantly loved it. The material is comfortable and breathable, which is perfect for summer. It fits well and isn't too tight. I love the ruffle detail on the top, and of course the bow on the waist is adorable too. The soft black dots are cute and add an element of fun to the shirt. This would be the perfect top to wear to a friend's birthday party or BBQ. Pair it with jeans and heels, or even a cute pair of sandals and capri's. Make sure to wear some red accessories for a pop of color!
<p> This top is a little bit more dressy. It looks long in the picture but it isn't too long on me. I'm 5'0, so I have to be careful that all of my clothes aren't too long. The grey and black are beautiful together and really compliment each other well. This is a top I'd probably wear to work, as it's a little bit more business casual. It is versatile though and could easily transform from work to play. It fits me well and I like how it looks on. It would look great paired with red heels and gold accessories.
<p> Even though this isn't for summer, I couldn't resist it. The gold discs at the top are so cute and really add personality to the shirt. I'd love to wear this with red or blue heels for a fun dinner out with friends. It would be the perfect fall top! It fits well and isn't too loose or tight. The discs are securely applied and don't seem like they will come out in the wash either.
<p> A close-up of the discs.
<p> This tank-top is SO adorable and fun. I love the color block design of it. I am actually going to wear this tomorrow with white jeans and black heels to work. I think it will look fantastic. The equal amount of black, white, and pink are colors that truly compliment each other well and look fabulous together. The tank-top isn't very long, but the perfect length for me. It fits well in the shoulders and all over, and I'm very satisfied with it. I believe it is the perfect summer top!
<p> This is also another adorable top. It's hard to tell from the picture, but it's an ivory lace ruffle top. Ivory goes with so many colors perfectly and I look forward to pairing it with many different shoe and color options. The lace is delicate, but I can tell it's made well. I like the way it looks on. Some ruffle tops make me look very wide but luckily this one seems to minimize that effect. The cap sleeves are also very cute.
<p> The pattern on this top is very interesting. It's sort of a flower geometric pattern. I like the light grey and dark black together. The only thing I don't love about this top is the elastic band on the bottom. I feel that it doesn't flatter my figure. I will be taking it back. Too bad, because otherwise it's a cute top.
<p> Summer is all about bright colors, so why not emphasize that? This shirt has a "splatter" effect with pink, white, purple, etc. I absolutely love it! It looks like an artist had a white t-shirt on a canvas and threw different colors at the shirt. As a result, all of the colors mixed together and this shirt was born. The shirt has an empire waist and cute cap sleeves. The length on it is perfect and it works well with many different shoe and accessory options.
<p> If you're looking to amp up your wardrobe for the summer, Kohl's is ready to fill your closet!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received these complimentary items in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. ﻿
<h> Wednesday, May 29, 2013
<p> Macarons are absolutely my new favorite sweet treat. I discovered them last Christmas in a chocolate shop near my home. The round little pieces of heaven are just scrumptious. The first macaron I ever tried was gingerbread. I was simply hooked! For your next party, instead of serving cookies or brownies, let macarons be the center of your dessert table.
<p> SparklesMacaron's Etsy shop is based out of a small kitchen in California. Store owner Karen creates this French based treat, which is a sweet meringue-based confection made with eggs, icing sugar, granulated sugar, almond powder and food coloring. The macaron is sandwiched between butter cream, ganache, or jam filling in a range of different flavors.
<p> It is best to enjoy the yummies a day or two after receiving them for optimal taste. Store them in your fridge upon receiving. When you're ready to serve, remove them from the fridge and let them sit at room temperature 15-30 minutes before serving.
<p> SparklesMacaron is pleased to allow a lucky winner the chance to win a box of a dozen macarons!
<p> I absolutely love to give gifts. I'm terrible with wanting to give the gift immediately and not have the recipient wait for the actual occasion (birthday, Christmas, etc.) to open it. It's hard for me to wait and I want to see see their reaction right away! Handmade gifts are always special and come from the heart. When's the last time you made something special for your significant other?
<p> MedBeachStones is a fabulous Etsy shop that offers Mediterranean inspired wedding and anniversary gifts, and also gifts for anyone you love. The shop owner finds heart shaped stones from the Mediterranean sea in Israel and uses them in her work. She considers the stones gifts from the sea. The rocks are taken and glued to canvas and then custom text is written underneath. There are so many different styles and themes that she creates. I think this is the most beautiful gift and any recipient would certainly love it. It would look wonderful displayed in anyone's home.
<p> MedBeachStones has been kind enough to offer one lucky winner the chance to win a one of a kind personalized heart shaped stone acrylic canvas.
<p> This canvas comes ready to hang. You can personalize it however you'd like with any text and color you wish. The stones are 100% natural and simply the coolest thing I've ever seen.
<p> These stones are true conversation pieces and everyone will stop and admire your canvas each time they see it in your home.
<p> If your husband or wife's birthday is approaching, why not gift them with a true present from the heart? They will cherish it forever.
<h> Tuesday, May 28, 2013
<p> One thing in life that I am obsessed with is anything vintage. I'm a huge fan of the 60's and 70's. I love the retro clothes, the electronics, the bake ware, the accessories, and everything else. All of it is so fun and fabulous. Of course there are few things today that are made the same way they were 40 years ago. Retro pieces have so much character and history that I want to own as many items as possible.
<p> VTech is the world's largest manufacturer of cordless telephones. They've been allowing people to have conversations all over the world for 27 years now. The phones come in all different shapes, sizes and colors. My family always had a VTech cordless phone when I was growing up. The company is reliable, dependable and the products are built to last. If you're searching for a new phone, VTech has the perfect one for you.
<p> When I moved into my current apartment 8 months ago, I noticed we had a land line jack in the kitchen. I know land lines aren't as popular as they used to be, but I wanted to fill the space and hook up a phone. I thought to myself, it'd be really cool and more fun to have a vintage 1960's phone hooked up, instead of a regular ordinary cordless phone. I bought a vintage rotary corded Trimline phone and unfortunately it just didn't work. I was disappointed because I wanted that unique retro feel in my kitchen, but it just wasn't in the cards.
<p> Not long after, VTech contacted me to review their new classic white retro phone. This was right up my alley and I was so excited to receive it.
<p> How cool is this phone? The sleek contemporary style with modern day rotary dial is to die for!
<p> I am in love with this phone and I've only owned it for an hour! The shipping on it was very speedy. The pearly white color is beautiful. The unit does come in a few other colors too if you're looking for a little more pizazz. What I love most about the phone is the design. It looks like a modern updated version of those old push button phones from the 80's. The cordless handset and base are very light and extremely thin, which is another favorite feature of mine.
<p> The phone itself is very easy to use. I had no problem installing it and it worked right away. You can dial by either using the handset buttons, or the rotary buttons. I had to get used to dialing with the rotary buttons, I was a little slow at first! When the phone rings it has a fun old timey ring that I enjoyed hearing. It also lights up a pretty blue underneath too. Yes, I did call the phone many times just to hear it! The buttons are easy to see and dial and the volume and clarity is perfect when making a call. The phone is comfortable to hold in my hand too. The interface window shows the date, time, and if you have any messages or missed calls. You can access your messages by pushing "1" on the rotary button. I love that the face is digital. The unit has a built in answering machine which is very convenient. The phone also has a speakerphone which is handy if you don't want to hold the phone to talk if you're cooking, etc.
<p> I'm really enjoying the phone so far and it's happily hanging out on the counter on my kitchen. I definitely think it's a conversation piece and people will want to know where to buy it. I will say it's from VTech of course!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received this complimentary phone from VTech in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Monday, May 27, 2013
<p> I'm looking to help a company/brand by assisting them with their social media.
<p> Right now I run a product review/giveaway blog with over 2,780 fans. I built this blog from the ground up with absolutely no social media help from any kind of company. In conjunction, I have a Facebook fan page for my blog with well over 3,000 fans.
<p> I am looking to help companies with any social media they need. My services start out with a consultation. I go in and take a look at your Facebook/Twitter page and see what needs help and what could be run better.
<p> My services are writing social media posts for a brand/company, helping to grow the numbers, and driving traffic to the pages.
<p> My fees are affordable. I can send you letters of recommendation from past social media jobs. Please let me know if you're interested. You can email me at SammiRichardson@yahoo.com.
<h> Saturday, May 25, 2013
<p> I'm starting a new service. I will be promoting a blog or company/business through my blog. For a low fee, I will write a post about your company on my blog and include any of the company's links in it too. I'll then tweet it out and Facebook post it. Please let me know if you're interested and we can discuss. Thank you. I receive thousands of views a day. My email is SammiRichardson@yahoo.com.
<p> Personalization adds a special touch to an everyday item. Adding a favorite quote, a couple's name and anniversary date, or even grand children's name to a necklace or t-shirt makes a fabulous gift for the recipient. There's something about personalizing an item that really makes people smile every time they look at it.
<p> GoneGirly owner Amy Cederquist stumbled upon success at a time when she wasn't even looking for it. What she was looking for was a way to earn some extra spending money without having to use her husband's hard earned money. Taking into account her love for homemade personal gifts, she purchased a laser system and began etching and engraving pie plates and baking dishes and selling them on Etsy. An engraved pie plates makes the perfect engagement, wedding, housewarming or birthday gift for anyone. Why not treat yourself too? Engrave something that is meaningful and special.
<p> Here are some example pie plates. As you can see, the etching is durable and strong. Amy can create any design or picture with any font you want. Let your creativity soar and come up with a creation that you absolutely love. The plates are dishwasher, microwave and freezer safe, but they are not stove-top safe.
<p> I love those dots around the border of the plate. So pretty!
<p> There are endless possibilities as to how you can design this pie plate. After you make your design decision, the only thing you have left to consider is what pie you'll bake in it first!
<h> Friday, May 24, 2013
<p> I'm so used to writing posts for other companies that it feels very strange to talk about my own blog in a giveaway! Everybody loves contests, product reviews and learning about a blogger's life. I know I love reading others' blogs, and I'm sure you all enjoy reading mine. Blogging is something I'm passionate about and I plan to keep this website running for as long as possible.
<p> Sammi's Blog Of Life was born in 2009 as a direct result of my love of consumer products. I had no real idea or direction of where I wanted the blog to go, I just knew it was going to be fun to review products. Well, three and a half years later, here I am writing to you about a giveaway pertaining to my OWN blog! It's been an amazing journey and experience that I will surely remember forever. The blog offers product reviews and giveaways on everything from food and electronics, to skincare and kitchenware and everything in between. Since I don't have children (yet), I don't typically review children's products. My favorites are food, fashion, and housewares. Everyday is exciting because I have no idea what my email will bring!
<p> Since I have so many fans, I thought you'd all love to support my blog by wearing a t-shirt that was custom made by me! You can wear it to bed, exercise in it, lounge around your house in it, etc. Everybody loves a comfortable t-shirt. Whooptee is kindly allowing three of my fans to win a Sammi's Blog of Life t-shirt. The company thrives on letting people design their own custom t-shirts. You can use them for so many services, the possibilities are endless.
<p> As you can see, I wanted to stick with something simple and familiar. Everyone knows the recognizable colors of my header, and on the back of the shirt is my website link. Simplicity is key!
<h> Tuesday, May 21, 2013
<p> I've always loved animals of all kinds. I grew up with dogs and am very familiar with them. I've wanted a dog for many years now, so when my fiance and I moved into our new apartment which allowed pets, I was thrilled. Now that I'll be getting my new rescue dog in a couple of weeks, it's my turn to spoil and love on her. I feel that it's important to give dogs a wonderful life and pamper them because they don't ask for anything in return but love.
<p> The Life of Ryley is a website that offers dog beds, collars, apparel and more. Every item is unique and certainly not like anything I've seen before. The dog bowls even look like tree stumps! The products range in different colors and patterns, depending on what your taste and style. Everyday is the perfect day to treat Fido or Sparky to something from The Life of Ryley.
<p> Just like humans love to lie on a comfortable bed, your four legged friend will enjoy the same. Why not treat them to a large faux fur hide shaped dog bed? Let them stretch out and relax whenever they want.
<p> The bed has a black fleece backing and silver fur in the familiar hide shape. Unzip and remove the polyfill for a cold water machine wash.
<p> One lucky winner's pet will get to experience the life of luxury when they take their next snooze on this bed! Make sure your dog isn't likely to chew or claw the bed because it will be a big mess if they do!
