<h> Wednesday, December 19, 2012
<p> I've been using Neutrogena products for as far back as I can remember. I trusted their anti-acne creams and scrubs when I was a teenager. I depend on them now for general facial cleansing, and as I get older, their anti-aging items. I feel that they produce quality products that provide great results. This is one company that truly cares about the well-being of your skin.
<p> Neutrogena has been a skincare pioneer for more than 50 years now. They produce trusted skincare products for all skin types. Their fantastic products are instantly recognizable on store shelves and I always go straight for them when I'm at the drug store. Whether you need a facial cleanser, anti-acne or anti-aging product, moisturizer, or even cosmetics, they have you covered. The products provide true results and are quality made.
<p> It's important to take care of your skin, and you only have one face. Why not treat it right?
<p> Neutrogena has recently come out with products that improve skin's healthy look over time. Wouldn't it be nice to use items from your favorite brand and at the same time they benefit your skin? I know that would be a plus for me! Let me introduce you to the following items that belong in your bathroom cabinet:
<p> Healthy Skin Primer:
<p> This is a lightweight and silky primer that instantly smooths imperfections so skin looks flawless and more even for up to eight hours. It is clinically proven to brighten skin and improve the look of it with natural soy. You an wear it alone or under foundation. It does not clog pores.
<p> Healthy Skin Brightening Eye Perfector
<p> This product brightens and conceals with a patented blend of anti-oxidants including Vitamin E, wild chamomile and soy. It is clinically shown to de-puff and treat the appearance of under-eye circles. A flow-through brush perfectly applies the Brightening Eye Perfector for on-the-go flawless coverage anywhere.
<p> Nourishing Eyeliner
<p> This eyeliner defies and brightens eyes with luminous color. Subtle light diffusers make the whites of eyes appear whiter, while rich color nourishes skin with olive oil and rainforest shea butter. The built in sharpener gives precise definition and the contoured smudger softens and blends for a variety of looks.
<p> Healthy Volume Mascara
<p> This lash enhancing mascara instantly builds lash volume by 400%. The patent-pending formula with a touch of olive oil penetrates and helps plump the core of each and every lash. The visible volume brush coats and builds even the smallest lashes with rich, volume building color. No clumps, smudging or flaking!
<p> Revitalizing Lip Balm
<p> This revitalizing lip balm helps to make lips softer, rosier, and healthier looking, even after you remove it! The sheer tinted balm with exclusive ion2 complex instantly moisturizes lips, leaving them looking fuller and more defined. In just one week, this balm will improve the texture of your lips. SPF20 helps to protect lips and keep them healthy.
<p> If you haven't treated yourself to new skincare or cosmetic products in a while, this would be a wonderful gift for yourself. Everyone deserves to be pampered every once in a while!
<h> Tuesday, December 18, 2012
<p> Tea is the perfect beverage to enjoy in the colder months of the year. That warm and comforting drink soothes your soul and takes away the chill of the outdoor air. I love to have a mug of tea in the morning with my breakfast. I also cap off each night with chamomile tea. It's always nice to try new tea flavors that you haven't tried before. Tea is one beverage that always puts a smile on my face.
<p> Red Rose Tea has been around for more than a century. The brand has helped to create memories that last a lifetime. The tea comes in delicious blends that include black, decaffeinated, and specialty teas. The flavors range from Irish breakfast tea and English breakfast tea to earl grey tea and sunset spice tea, and more. The tea comes in tea bags and single serve cups. Recently there's been some new additions to the Red Rose Tea family. The Simply Indulgent line up includes vanilla biscotti, spiced chai, sweet mint, and cinnamon bun. These fun flavors are right up anyone's alley. Red Rose brings together premium tea leaves from the world's finest mountain estates for consistent quality and great taste.
<p> Since I'm a regular tea drinker, I enjoy sampling new flavors. When I received the opportunity to try all of the Simply Indulgent single serve cups, I was looking forward to it. Not long after that, a box of fantastic tea showed up at my door. All of the flavors sounded fantastic and I wasn't sure what to try first.
<p> Sorry for the random single picture of the vanilla biscotti, I forgot to include it when I took this picture.
<p> I absolutely love the packaging of the tea. Each box has a beautiful picture of the according flavor, not to mention all of the bright vivid colors featured. I wish I could eat that cinnamon bun off of the Cinnamon Bun tea box!
<p> I finally decided to try the vanilla biscotti first. I am a big fan of biscotti and was curious what liquid vanilla biscotti would taste like. The single serve cups are just like the k-cups for the Keurig. I used mine in my Keurig with no issues and within moments a delicious steamy and sweet aroma filled my kitchen. I was in biscotti heaven!
<p> As soon as I took my first sip of the tea, I could taste the infused flavor of the vanilla biscotti. It was sweet, but not overly sweet. The beverage was warm and comforting and went down smoothly. You do taste the black tea flavor, but the vanilla biscotti is surely the star of the show. The tea really did taste like vanilla biscotti! I was impressed. This tea is perfect for the holidays. Have it for breakfast with a muffin or pair it with a pastry in the evening for a night-time treat.
<p> Since it's the holidays, I thought it was appropriate to try the spiced chai. I love anything mulled or spiced and I was excited to try this flavor. The spices in this black tea include cardamom, ginger, clove, star anise and cinnamon. I absolutely loved this tea! It truly tasted like Christmas in a mug. From the first sip I was instantly hooked. I could taste the complex layers of the tea and each spice complimented each other so well. The spice was not too overwhelming, but just perfect. I enjoyed a gingersnap cookie (just to kick up the spice meter) while enjoying this tea and it was a pure 10 on the spice meter!
<p> Unfortunately I am not a fan of mint tea so I didn't try it. I look forward to trying the cinnamon buns tea soon. I am almost done with the box of spiced chai and vanilla biscotti so it will have a date with my taste buds soon enough.
<p> Any tea from Red Rose would make a perfect stocking stuffer for that tea lover in your family for Christmas!
<p> One lucky winner will win a fabulous prize pack consisting of:
<p> One (1) 20-count box of each of the new tea bag flavors including cinnamon struesel, creme caramel, peach cobbler and lemon chiffon.
<p> One (1) 12-count box of each of the new single serve cup flavors including vanilla biscotti, spiced chai, cinnamon bun and sweet mint.
<h> Monday, December 17, 2012
<p> Burt's Bees is one brand that I've been using for the past ten years. I first became hooked on their lip balms, and then the obsession spread to the foot creams, hand lotions, and their many other items. I love that the products are natural and contain ingredients that aren't harmful to your body. I've turned other people on to BB over the years and they quickly became loyal customers too. If you're looking to introduce new skincare products into your beauty routine, Burt's Bees is a great place to start.
<p> Burt's Bees proudly creates natural products formulated to help you take care of yourself, naturally from your lips to your toes. The products range from lip balms, facial cleansers and acne solutions to shampoo's, conditioners, bath oils and bath crystals and everything else in between. There's certainly a product that anyone would enjoy. There are items for men and children's use as well. I've given Burt's Bees gift packs to people as gifts over the years and they've really enjoyed them. The items are 99% natural and contain no nasty additives or anything artificial.
<p> The Burt's Bees Pomegranate Gift Set would make a wonderful present for yourself or someone else too. If you're a fan of pomegranates and cranberries, this is right up your alley.
<h> Sunday, December 16, 2012
<p> One of life's greatest pleasures is coffee. A cup of warm satisfying coffee makes any day brighter. There are so many different varieties, flavors, and roasts of coffee that one will never get bored. A new selection and flavor is always available to make your taste buds dance.
<p> Barista Prima is an exclusive collection of the world's finest Arabica coffees roasted in the tradition of Europe's most celebrated coffee houses. The coffee is bold and complex, yet perfectly balanced. Each cup will entice your senses and warm your soul. There are different types to choose from. Whether you like a French roast, an Italian roast, a house blend or Colombia, there is a coffee that you'll love.
<p> I was sent a box of Barista Prima French Roast K-Cups for review. The package has a beautiful sepia toned picture of the Eiffel Tower on it. When I saw the picture, I was instantly transported to Paris. I'm sitting in a trendy coffee shop drinking a delicious cup of coffee and enjoying a pain au chocolat.
<p> I fired up my Keurig the other day and prepared to treat myself to a bold cup of joe. My favorite part about making coffee in the Keurig is how powerful the aroma is. Within seconds, my kitchen was filled with the potent scent of the coffee. I put in my coffee creamer and took my first sip. It was a beautiful moment.
<p> The coffee was perfectly bold, deep and rich. It tasted like something you'd get at a gourmet coffee house or even a coffee shop in Europe. The flavor was smoky and strong and very smooth. It certainly perked me up that morning. I liked that it was not weak and insipid. With each sip I took, I fell more and more in love with the French roast variety. I really enjoyed the coffee and will be certainly adding it to my morning routine.
<p> If you're a coffee lover or know somebody who is, delight them with a box of Barista Prima's French Roast. They will thank you for it.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Barista Prima for sending me a complimentary box of K-Cups in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Wednesday, December 12, 2012
<p> It's essential to properly take care of your skin at all times. It's important that you regularly moisturize, cleanse, and exfoliate. You should always use products that are infused with vitamins, minerals, and ingredients that will keep you looking your best. Now that the cold weather's here, it's vital to keep that dry skin at bay. Seabuck Wonders shares my philosophy and believes in healthy, beautiful skin.
<p> SeabuckWonders is the only full line of products made from USDA certified organic sea buckthorn berries. They are the original sea buckthorn company in the US and have been specializing in this super fruit for over 16 years. They offer the highest quality and most potent products on the market containing at least 30-35% Omega-7 content. If you're in the market for new skincare products, keep SeabuckWonders in mind.
<p> There are a range of different products containing the fabulous seabuck thorn.
<p> The body lotion is nutrient rich and quick absorbing. The lotion rejuvenates and replenishes the skin's natural balance, softening and nourishing for silky, touchable skin. It protects against visible signs of UV-induced stress. Recommended for all skin types.
<p> The facial cream is intensely moisturizing. It supports a healthy moisture balance deep within the skin. This hydrating, yet lightweight formula absorbs quickly and nurtures the skin for a soft, smooth complexion. It protects against visible signs of UV-induced stress. Recommended for all skin types.
<p> The exfoliating facial cleanser is refreshing and invigorating. It cleans skin gently, yet effectively without stripping the skin of its natural oils. It exfoliates to remove dirt and impurities while hydrating the skin for a smooth, clear complexion. At the same time it detoxifies and enhances skin tone and texture. Recommended for all skin types.
<p> The deep hydrating serum is moisture-rich, light weight and easy to apply. It nourishes and supports cell regeneration to minimize fine lines and help to main a youthful, healthy glow. Recommended for all skin types.
<p> Seabuck thorn berries
<p> Ladies, why not treat yourself to some seabuck thorn today? You deserve it, and your skin will thank you.
<h> Tuesday, December 11, 2012
<p> It can be hard to lead a gluten free lifestyle. You can't enjoy the same food as everyone else and it may be hard for you to dine out too. There's no reason why you can't partake in gluten-free versions of your favorites. Don't feel self-conscious, let your inner gluten-free warrior shine through and enjoy delicious food, just like everyone else!
<p> Sheryl Goldstein is the author of "The No Gluten Solution." It's an innovative and mouth-watering cookbook that provides you with delectable gluten-free recipes that will satisfy every type of gathering with friends and family. It solves the problem for gluten-free eaters by giving them the answer on how to prepare one meal that everyone will enjoy. The book teaches you how to put together a quick and easy meal when your schedule takes a hectic turn. Learn how to use fresh produce and ingredients and pair it with store bought items for a delicious meal.
<p> The recipes in this book include everything from nourishing gluten-free takes on classic comfort foods like macaroni and cheese and meatloaf, to new flavors and textures that gluten-free foods bring to the table. There is a recipe for everyone's taste and preference in this book. I would certainly love to try the mac and cheese, I'm down for anything involving pasta and cheese!
<p> If you're looking to branch out and expand your food palette, this book is certainly for you.
<p> Global Response, a call center located in Florida might interest you if you have ambition to work in a call center. To excel at a job like this, you must be friendly, courteous and have people skills. You must enjoy speaking to the general public and speaking on the phone all day.
<p> Working in a call center can be stressful for some though. You're dealing with angry customers, have quotas and targets to hit and leads to turn in to higher-ups. Some enjoy a challenge though. It can be interesting to speak to people all around the world on a daily basis too. There are ups and downs to this job, just like there are with any though.
<h> Saturday, December 8, 2012
<p> I absolutely love receiving gift baskets for special occasions. How could you not smile at a beautiful basket filled with your favorite treats and goodies and tied with a big bow? The answer is you can't! Now that Christmas is here, it's the perfect time to delight someone with a basket that will surely make their day. Let Bea's Gift Baskets take care your of holiday needs.
<p> Bea's Gift Baskets is gift basket paradise for any gift basket you could possible need. They are themed for winter, fall, summer, any holiday, new baby, get well, congratulations, etc. If you're in need of a housewarming present for a new homeowner or gift for a birthday, these baskets would work perfectly. Of course the baskets could be sent for practically any reason too. They are filled with anything from cookies and snacks to bath and body products to coffee and tea and everything in between. The baskets are put together with love and dedication and the recipient will surely appreciate them.
<p> I was able to select a basket for review. Last year I reviewed a basket of Bea's and knew I had to eventually do another one. The time was now here! I took my time in selecting a basket as I really loved everything I saw. It was a hard decision! I finally settled on the Sensational Seasons basket, which I knew was a perfect choice. In just a few days the basket arrived and I couldn't wait to sink my teeth into its contents!
<p> Ok, ok. I promise I'll share. I'll have everything in the basket and leave you one piece of peppermint bark. ;)
<p> Wow! Look at all of the fantastic goodies in the basket. I received truffle cookies, a bar of Ghirardelli peppermint bark, English tea cookies, Lindt truffles, chocolate chip cookies, and cheese and crackers, just to name a few things! I couldn't believe how many great tasting things were in one basket. It must be a dream!
<p> The red basket came beautifully wrapped with a large red bow around it. It was very festive for the holidays. I wasn't sure what treat to begin with. My eyes darted between the cheese and crackers and the peppermint bark. You all don't understand my addiction to peppermint bark. It's my favorite holiday treat. Too bad it's seasonal and I can only get it during Christmastime. I figured why not try the cheese and crackers and the bark? It's the holidays, after all!
<p> Ghiradelli makes amazing chocolate and I had no doubt that the peppermint bark would be everything I had hoped for, and oh was it! I was ready for a first class trip to chocolate world. The sweet chocolate on the bottom was blanketed with a layer of white chocolate on top. Of course on top was large chunks of peppermint bits. Pure perfection, if I might add. I started off with a small piece and it was heavenly. White chocolate and dark chocolate are a great combination together. The peppermint bits gave the treat a cool and frosty finish and a nice crunch too. One piece is definitely enough to curb your sweet tooth. Nothing says Christmastime like peppermint bark.
<p> The cheese and crackers were a hit with my taste buds too. The Monterey Jack is one of my favorite cheeses of mine so I was pleased to see that's the one I received. I topped a 3 pepper cracker with a piece of cheese. The smooth cheese had a wonderful, creamy flavor. The cracker had a nice hint of spice in it that paired well with the cheese. I couldn't resist and had to have another piece of cheese! It was delicious.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of the goodies. The basket is calling my name from the kitchen. I can't resist much longer! Why not treat yourself to a basket from Bea's gift baskets this Christmas, or any other time in the future?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Bea's Gift Baskets for providing me with this complimentary gift basket in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, December 6, 2012
<p> As you all know, I'm an Excedrin Blogger Ambassador. This means I get to share my thoughts with other blogger ambassadors about Excedrin and how we handle our headaches. It's really nice to connect with others about this subject and know that you're not alone.
<p> As part of the ambassador program, we were told to record our migraines on a special app called "My Migraine Triggers. This app is on a iPod touch that we were given. About a week after receiving the iPod, I was able to use it for the first time. I can always tell when a migraine is coming on, usually when I'm stressed, or tired. I feel lightheaded, nauseous, and pain starts to surround my head. Yeah, it's not a fun combination.
<p> The app is very easy to use and it is certainly user-friendly. It records all of your migraines and your triggers too through a special migraine diary. Having this information at your disposal is essential, in my opinion. The best part is that you can share the information with your doctor, for a further look into your migraines. You can discuss the symptoms and feelings with him/her and talk about your options and what you can do to alleviate the pain. The tool has information about headaches and can you give you an in depth look into what causes them, how to cope with migraines, and even what triggers them. The information was vitally important to me and I learned a lot from it. I like to learn more about migraines and educate myself as much as possible.
<p> I immediately took out the iPod when I had the migraine. I filled out an entry in the diary on the app. You can answer questions which help you to form an entry. The app asks you questions such as did you have a headache today? How long did it last? What were the triggers? When did it start? On what side of your head did you have pain? These questions are important for knowing why you received a migraine and what triggered it. Did you not get enough sleep or are you stressed? Those are key migraine triggers to me. If I'm feeling those two emotions, you can guarantee I'll have a migraine.
<p> I've used this app 3 times so far since owning the iPod. Luckily the migraines were all when I was home and I was able to lie in a dark room and sleep. I like to go back and read my previous entries to see what caused the migraine for that day or what I was feeling when I had them. That way I can try to prevent them in the future. This app takes the guesswork out of trying to figure out what causes those pesky migraines. Now you'll have proof and it helps you to seek closure for that day. I think this is a wonderful tool that makes life easier and my migraines more manageable. I am very thankful for it.
<p> If you suffer from migraines, it's never too late to download the free My Migraine Triggers App on iTunes for your iPhone or iPad. You can find it here. Of course follow Excedrin on Twitter and Facebook too!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am an Excedrin Migraine Brand Ambassador. One iPod Touch to test the app was provided by Novartis Consumer Health Inc. My journey for a migraine-free experience is my own.
<h> Wednesday, December 5, 2012
<p> Nothing is more frustrating than searching for a pen, pencil, or even a tube of chapstick in what feels like a bottomless pit of a backpack or purse. You try to put the item in a specific place that you'll easily remember but that usually doesn't help. Aggravation quickly sets in as you continue to search. Does this sound like you? If so, let Inlite Bags alleviate your bag stress!
<p> Inlite Bags is an innovative line of contemporary, fashionable, and light up bags and purses that illuminate on the inside. With just a press of a button, your bag will be brightly from a patent pending LED light system. The bags range from messenger bags and backpacks to clutches and purses. The bags come in a range of sizes, colors and styles depending on your needs and taste preferences. The light inside will help you to easily see what you're looking for. This is very convenient at night or when you can't easily see what's on the bottom of your bag.
<p> Since my boyfriend has recently gone back to graduate school, I wanted to get a new backpack for him. His old one wasn't that great anymore and I knew he'd appreciate a new one. He's always losing stuff in the bottom of his briefcase or messenger bag, so I thought that an Inlite bag would be a great choice for him.
<p> I selected the Flash backpack for him. The black, silver and white colors on the backpack are very modern and compliment each other nicely.
<p> The backpack was shipped extremely fast. My boyfriend liked the backpack as soon as he saw it. He said it was the perfect size for carrying his books and it was comfortable to wear on his back. The inside compartment is very roomy and can hold his books, folders, calculator, pens, etc easily. The best part is that it holds his computer too! His old backpack did not have room for the computer and he had to carry a separate computer bag too. He's very grateful that this new bag holds it all. The interior organization is great for markers, highlighters, paper clips, note cards and any other school needs you can store in there. The backpack is very durable and quality made. It zips up and down with ease.
<p> He really loves how the backpack lights up inside in both compartments. With just one push of a button you can see everything that you need. Nothing will be a mystery or a guessing game now. This certainly makes his life easier.
<p> He's been using this backpack every night he has school now and he's really enjoying it. I'm glad that the Flash backpack makes his school life less stressful!
<p> Want to order from Inlite? Take 15% off and get free shipping with code HOLIDAYLIGHTS
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Inlite Bags for providing me with this complimentary backpack in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Tuesday, December 4, 2012
<p> If you're thinking about what gift to bring the hostess or host of a holiday party you're going to, why not a bring a bottle of wine? Skip the cookies, the flowers, or any other small trinket. A bottle of their favorite red or white wine will surely make them smile. The best part is that they will serve it and you can enjoy it too! :) California Wine Club will help to kick the party up a notch.
<p> California Wine Club is a service that sends out bottles of wine to its members on a monthly basis. With four wine of the month clubs to choose from, they have a wine for any taste or preference. The Premier Club is CWB's most popular. The signature series is for wine connoisseurs, while the International selections are from small "mom and pop" wineries around the world. The Aged Cabernet Series is Napa's most prestigious Cabernets aged 8-12 years. The quality of the wine should not be a concern to you as you will never receive any bulk closeout or private wine labels. Each and every wine CWB selects comes from a real working winery and is backed by their 100% guarantee.
<p> Imagine opening the door and receiving a fabulous surprise shipment of wine, I don't know anyone who wouldn't love that! A membership to CWB would make a great Christmas present as well as a birthday present or a just thinking of you present too. Everyone loves to be thought of and the recipient would be touched at your generosity.
<p> Wine is essential at Christmas. It's practically a mandatory drink that everyone enjoys with their appetizers and hors d'oeuvres. Make sure you don't forget to serve some cheese with it!
<p> Holiday parties are the perfect time of year for the ladies to wear a beautiful dress and do their hair up in style. I'm not just talking about straightening it or putting it up in a pretty updo, but I'm talking about curls! Those beautiful spiral curls are my favorite go-to hair style. I love to curl my hair for practically any occasion, but more so for the holidays. Curly hair really adds to the holiday appeal and makes you feel special.
<p> John Frieda is an English celebrity hairstylist and founder of hair salons and hair products. This is your go-to brand if you're looking to keep your hair beautiful at all times. The products include shampoos and conditioners, volumizing products and serums. Of course you can't forget curling irons, hair brushes, flat irons, and blow dryers too. Whatever you need to look your best, John Frieda provides it.
<p> I know you all have some holiday parties on your calendar. If you're tired of doing your hair the same way all the time, why not switch it up with curls? Party hair for the holiday season is always on the agenda!
<p> John Frieda's Spiral Curls heat styler will give you that festive look you desire. It's easy to achieve beautiful curls with this curling iron. This styling tool offers a clamp-free barrel which ensures a kink-free curl. It's made with a ceramic titanium coating and superior ionic technology.
<p> If you want face-framing curls modern curls, be sure to roll sections inward. Want a retro-fifties look? Roll sections outward and toussle with fingertips.
<p> However you do your hair this holiday season, John Frieda will be there to make you look stunning!
<h> Saturday, December 1, 2012
<p> Chocolate makes a fantastic present for the holidays. You don't have to spend a lot to make someone smile. Bringing over a tin of homemade chocolate chip cookies to your neighbor for Christmas will make her happy. Baked goods are very popular during the holiday season and everyone would love to receive some yummy treats every once in a while. Why not show your appreciation to someone by giving them a box of Merci chocolates?
<p> Merci Chocolates (which means thank you in French) are European chocolates made from the finest ingredients possible. If you think you've had quality chocolate before, just wait until you try Merci. You'll be thankful you found them! Merci is not a fluff chocolate, meaning it's just simply wholesome chocolate meant to be enjoyed. It's not filled with crispies or anything to distract you from the star of the show which is the chocolate. The fillings pair marvelously with the chocolate and guarantee you a fabulous chocolate experience. Merci chocolates are best shared with friends and family over warm conversation and laughs.
<p> I was sent a fantastic package of Merci chocolates to try. You all know that whenever any chocolate comes near me, my sweet tooth gets very happy! I had not heard of Merci previously. Any chocolate is a friend of mine though. :)
<p> In just a few days, this beauty showed up at my door. I love the presentation of the red krinkly paper with the chocolates. It certainly screams Christmas to me!
<p> Merry Christmas to my stomach!
<p> The packaging of the chocolates was very interesting. You peel up the top of the box and inside lays small individually wrapped bars of chocolate. They looked marvelous! The flavors of the chocolate range from milk chocolate and cream truffle to hazelnut and dark cream and beyond. I like how each wrapper has the flavor of the chocolate marked on it so you know exactly what you're tasting.
<p> Which one do you want to try first? I want to try the whole box in one sitting! :)
<p> I surveyed my options and decided to go with a hazelnut chocolate first. I love nutty chocolate and couldn't resist. I peeled away the wrapper and was face to face with the love of my life. This bar of chocolate was a perfect dark brown shade and smelled fantastic. You could even see little flecks of hazelnut in it. I took a bite and I was in heaven. The chocolate was rich, creamy and perfectly smooth. You could definitely taste the quality of this chocolate, it surely was not your everyday chocolate from the drug store. The hazelnut gave the sweet treat some added crunch and texture which I enjoyed.
<p> Next, I tried a dark mousse bar. I'm a big fan of dark chocolate so this one appealed to me as soon as I saw it. The dark chocolate is perfect. Not too dark and bitter, just truly just right. The mousse inside gives you an extra ride on the chocolate roller coaster. You can see the mouse inside when you bite into the chocolate. It's fluffy and rich and compliments the dark chocolate well. The chocolate is high quality and is soft and practically melts in your mouth. This bar was decadent and truly satisfying. I very much look forward to trying the rest of the flavors very soon.
<p> If you haven't tried Merci chocolates before, what are you waiting for? Your taste buds will surely thank you. It would make the perfect holiday present for anyone.
<p> This holiday season Merci wants to know what you're thankful for. Are you thankful for your babysitter, your gardener, or your child's teacher? I'm thankful for the front desk staff in my building. I just moved here a little over two months ago. I receive a ton of packages each week, sometimes even 3 to 4 in one day. Some of them heavy, some of them light. The building staff holds all of my packages for me in a special package room. They retrieve them for when I ask and they never complain either. Without them, I couldn't run my blog!
<h> Thursday, November 29, 2012
<p> Now that it's cold outside, it's the perfect time to make comforting and hearty meals. Soup, chili and stews are my favorite go-to chilly weather meals. Sprinkle oyster crackers in the soup or serve bread on the side for a crowd-pleasing meal. The best comforting meals are the ones where they cook for hours in a crockpot, letting all of the flavors come together. Nesco surely shares this philosophy with me.
<p> Nesco made its first debut in the early 1930's with the Nesco roaster. Many decades later the original roaster is still very popular and new products have been added to the lineup. Nesco is the headquarters for all of your small kitchen appliance needs. Need a new roaster, a a dehydrator, a jet stream oven, a food steamer, or even a grinder? There are so many appliances that would fit wonderfully in your kitchen and help your food prep tremendously.
<p> Now that the holidays are upon us, your cooking and serving will be stepped up a notch from all of the holiday parties you will be having and going to. Let Nesco make your life easier by doing the hard work for you.
<p> The Nesco roaster is one kitchen item that nobody should go without. This fantastic kitchen tool is the perfect size for entertaining and small families. You could easily make a batch of chili or any kind of stew in it. Why not also use it for making lasagna, baked ziti, a pot roast, Cornish game hen, or a whole chicken in it? The unit roasts, bakes, cooks, steams, slow cooks, and serves all in one! The unique "circle of heat" heating element provides moist, even cooking. The possibilities are endless and the roaster is waiting for you to make a fabulous meal in it that the whole family will love. A recipe and cooking guide comes with the device to give you food for thought.
<p> This kitchen tool would make an excellent Christmas present for that budding chef or resident foodie in your family.
