<h> Pages
<h> Tuesday, May 1, 2012
<p> Being sick is no fun, but it's essential that you manage your immune health year round. Making sure that your immune system is in tip top condition, is important. I'm lucky that I rarely get sick. When I do get a cold though, it's a major one. I try to take care of myself as best as possible. If you could help ward off colds and sickness just by taking a pill each day, wouldn't you? Keeping yourself healthy should be your first priority.
<p> SmartMune is a natural ingredient that is clinically proven to safely strengthen your body’s key immune responses. SmartMune activates billions of innate immune cells that are part of the body’s natural defenses, to prime the immune defenses without over stimulating the immune system. Clinical studies demonstrate that SmartMune strengthens the function of key immune cells, maintains energy, vitality and mental clarity, and activates key immune cells to protect against the harmful effects of stress.
<p> I'm always looking for new ways to keep my body healthy. I regularly take a daily multivitamin. So when I had the chance to try Smartmune, I knew it was a good decision to make.
<p> I received a 30 day supply of SmartMune to review.
<p> The bottle is small and convenient for throwing in a glove compartment or purse. The directions say to take one capsule per day on an empty stomach. The pills are a little large. I know not everyone is able to swallow pills easily. I was able to swallow this one with no problem the first time. The pill had no weird after taste. I think the hardest part will be remembering to take these daily along with my other multivitamin. I didn't notice any weird side effects or anything happen after I took the supplement.
<p> I'm really excited about having these supplements handy so now I have no reason to properly take care of myself. I hadn't previously taken immune boosting supplements. I know that my body will benefit immensly from these and that's worth it to me.
<p> GIVEWAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a 30 day supply of SmartMune supplements.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why your immune system needs a boost. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 15th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Monday, April 30, 2012
<p> I love shopping for new clothes for a new season. Since summer is approaching, I've recently bought a new summer top, dress, and sandals. I'm sure I'll pick up a few more things during the season. I love buying new clothes, it's nice to have something new to wear to a party or even date night with your significant other. Don't be afraid to treat yourself. :)
<p> Mika Rose is a clothing company that specializes in modest, elegant and fashionable dresses. Their goal is to provide an extensive line of modest dresses, without having to sacrifice style. You will be able to wear their line to a broad range of functions: from everyday events to corporate parties. Mika Rose's clothing is beautiful and very stylish. If you're looking for a new dress for a work party or office event, this company would be a great choice.
<p> Here are some dresses that I love.
<p> These dresses can be worn with heels or flats and look equally as great!
<p> The clothes are very reasonably priced and are timeless pieces that can be worn for years to come.
<p> Mika Rose also offers gift certificates that you can send to the fashionista in your life for her birthday.
<p> What's your favorite Mika Rose clothing item?
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a $50 coupon code to spend at MikaRose.com
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what you'd purchase with the gift code. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> 12. "Like" Mika Rose on Facebook for 1 entry and write on their wall telling them that I sent you.(https://www.facebook.com/pages/MIKAROSE/295184875112?ref=ts)
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 14th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Thursday, April 26, 2012
<p> As you all know I am a Duane Reade ambassador. Myself and 19 other bloggers are the eyes and ears for Duane Reade, and their audience. It's been a wonderful opportunity and experience so far. I look forward to sharing my thoughts and posts with you.
<p> My first assignment was to pick up the latest issue of the Duane Reade circular. You can access the online version of the circular here, and then find something in it that inspires me to purchase the product. The path to purchase has to be detailed. The great part is that you can access the circular online!
<p> My neighborhood Duane Reade store is #14487. Even before walking into the store, the Duane Reader is presented on the window and automatic door of the store. This is great advertising. If you're walking by the store, you might see that your favorite snack or drink is on sale, and that might lead you into the store. When I walked inside, the Duane Reader was presented right by the entrance of the automatic doors. I feel that this is a great place to present it, as people will need to grab it when starting off their shopping.
<p> I did not notice any special signs advertising the Duane Reader in the store. I assume that most people are already aware of its existence. Perhaps, sales people direct the select few first time customers to it.
<p> My initial reaction of the Duane Reader was that it reads like a newspaper, which is very creative. You can tell that a lot of thought and dedication goes into creating it. I've never seen any other store's circular displayed this way. It makes reading it much more entertaining. The way the deals are set up is in a fun and playful manner. There are cute little messages and stories displayed next to each deal and item, and they definitely catch your attention. The headlines are witty and usually have a playful pun associated with the item represented. The headlines are easy to read and in large black font. Everything is clean and easy to read. The prices cannot be missed and are highlighted in yellow, so you know exactly what you'll be paying.
<p> The Duane Reader is a friendly and inviting read and I love all of the pictures and multicolored text accompanying it. There isn't much fluff in the Duane Reader either. It's all relevant to the store.
<p> I do not usually use the Duane Reader to shop. I know what I need upon entering the store and go right to the aisle to get it. Of course I will check out other aisles to see what's on sale, but I never think to grab it. I regularly buy Duane Reade Delish snacks and drinks. They are my go to food items when shopping at the store.
<p> Now that I have had the chance to check out a Duane Reader from cover to cover, I will definitely be using one to shop with in the future. All of the store's deals, news, and information is right at your fingertips. It makes your shopping experience an easier and less hectic one. Having the Duane Reader in front of you is also a good reminder of what you could be forgetting to put on your shopping list. You might see the product featured and then remember that you do need to restock it in your home.
<p> As I flipped through the Duane Reader viewing what items inspired me to buy, I looked at each item on every page. I recognized most of the items from seeing them in the store. Although I didn't know that Duane Reade carried shrimp cups, that stuck out to me. When I saw it in the reader I wished I could buy them! My neighborhood Duane Reade doesn't carry as much of the grocery section items as some of the other franchises such as the sandwiches, fruit, and sushi.
<p> I perused the pages and liked that some of the items offered you bonus flex points. This is definitely an incentive to buy. The flex points accumulate on your reward card and may be used towards money off on purchases.
<p> The items in the reader were very reasonably priced. There were also some great deals. One I noticed was if you buy two boxes of Kashi cereal at regular price, you'll receive a half gallon of Nice! milk free. That is definitely worth buying.
<p> Duane Reade carries a large range of items that appeal to everyone. What I like so much about the store is you can find practically anything you need there. I finally settled on purchasing the Nice! 2x Ultra Laundry Detergent in Lake Breeze scent for $4.99, and Good and Delish's Probiotic Boost Blend at $2.49. I thought both of these were great deals. I chose both of these items because I needed new laundry detergent, and I had seen the Probiotic Boost Blend before and had been wanting to try it. I immediately circled them in the Duane Reader.
<p> I went back to the store and purchased the items. I did purchase these items and also a Vitamin Water Zero. My path to purchase was very easy. I knew exactly which aisles the items were in and that made my shopping trip easier.
<p> Here's the outside of my neighborhood Duane Reade. You can see the Duane Reader advertised on the door and window.
<p> What I saw as soon as I walked inside Duane Reade.
<p> My first purchase, the Nice! laundry detergent.
<p> My second purchase, the Probiotic Boost Blend. This is very tasty!
<p> Of course you can't forget the Vitamin Water either.
<p> My items in the basket, ready for checkout.
<p> What I would like to see in my local Duane Reade would be more of the deli cases with the grab and go sandwiches, cheese and cracker plates, sushi, etc. It would also be nice to have a case of donuts and pastries like the Duane Reade at 40 Wall Street does. It would be great to grab a quick coffee and donut to go and I know people would enjoy that. My local Duane Reade seems to always have fresh inventory and I'm never without the specific type of chips or hot chocolate that I'm looking for. That makes life easier for me.
<p> The store employees are friendly, and always willing to answer any questions you may have. Whenever I go, I see a lot of the same employees and they do remember me. My checkout process was easy and I didn't encounter any issues. I can't wait to return to Duane Reade soon!
<p> My sweet tooth knows no limits. I've been known to do significant damage to a box of cookies, or a slice of cake. I'm a certified chocoholic and proud of it! Cookies are my main weakness. A warm, chocolate chip cookie fresh out of the oven will melt my heart into a million chocolate chunks. It's essential that you have a cold glass of milk to wash that sweet treat down with!
<p> Christopher Street Cookies was created by owner Diana Whittles out of Hoboken, New Jersey. Cookies are Diana's passion and that is evident in her confectionary treats. If you're looking for unique, out of the box cookies, Christopher Street Cookies is your cookie headquarters! Want something salty and sweet? How about trying The Whole Hog Cookie, which is a traditional chocolate chip cookie with maple bacon dipped in milk chocolate. You think that sounds good? It gets better! Diana also adds dark chocolate chips into the mix. It's the perfect balance of sweet and savory.
<p> The Frankenstein cookie is brilliantly creative. It is the result of a late night craving for salty and sweet. The cookie combines chocolate covered fritos, potato chips, peanut butter covered pretzels, dark chocolate chips and white chocolate chips. My brain can't even comprehend the amazingness that is the Frankenstein cookie.
<p> The best part about Christopher Street Cookies is the fact that you can custom-built your own batch of cookies. You can start with either a chocolate chip, oatmeal, chocolate, sugar or peanut butter cookie as your base. Next, you can add your own custom flavor. There are 100 different flavors that you can add in! Anything you can possibly want in a cookie is available. In the mood for a chocolate chip cookie with gummy bears and jelly beans in it? Done! How about an oatmeal cookie with bacon, kit kats, and rainbow sprinkles in it? No problem! Or maybe a sugar cookie with candy corn, potato chips, and granola is more up your alley. Let Diana create a cookie fantasy, just for you!
<p> I was asked what my dream cookie would be. I instantly thought of my favorite sweet flavors; peanut butter, chocolate, and mint. Diana got to work and created me the cookie of my sweet dreams. This was the end result.
<p> Look at these decadent sandwich cookies! That is a chocolate cookie with mint chips, and a peanut butter ganache filling. The time that my brain took to process these cookies into going into my stomach was less than a fraction of a second! I couldn't wait to try them. The second I opened the cookies, I was hit with the wonderful aroma of mint. I love any mint flavor in sweets, it's my favorite.
<p> The sweet chocolate flavor mixed with the creamy peanut butter and lovely mint was amazing. Upon taking the first dense bite, I was hit with the chewy but soft chocolate cookie. The chocolate cookie was sweet, but not over the top sweet. The treat was very fresh. The essence of mint washed over my tastebuds quickly after, and then I was hit with a wave of peanut butter. The mint was strong and rich, just the way I like it. The flavor of the peanut butter was incredible and the creaminess of it helped to balance out the rest of the flavors. The cookie was utterly fantastic. You would think that all of these flavors together would be overwhelmingly sweet and powerful, but that was not the case at all. Each note of flavor was recognizable, but did not blend together. I was able to distinguish each flavor on its own. Peanut butter and chocolate is a timeless, classic combination that always pleases. The strong mint flavor actually complimented the chocolate and peanut butter extremely well. The mint gave the cookie an extra boost of personality, which I really enjoyed.
<p> These cookies were fantastic and I highly recommend Christopher Street Cookies for any of your sweet treat cravings. The cookies are available in Hoboken, NJ but there is delivery to NYC for an extra fee. Why not order a dozen cookies for your next girls' night, or office function? You'll be the talk of the town when you treat your guests to Christopher Street Cookies!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Christopher Street Cookies for providing me with the complimentary cookies in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anythign else.
<h> Tuesday, April 24, 2012
<p> Italian food is one of my favorite cuisines. How can you go wrong with melty cheese, homemade pasta, luscious sauces and olive oil with bread? The answer is simple, you can't! My favorite go-to Italian dishes are gnocchi and tortellini, these dishes are perfect if you're looking for comfort food to warm your soul with. I believe that Italian food is best served with red wine and lots of laughs with friends and family.
<p> Contes Pasta Company offers wheat free and gluten free microwavable Italian meals and pizzas. If you're craving something delicious, why not sink your teeth into an irresistible Margherita pizza? Contes Pasta is definitely the pasta headquarters if pasta is what you're in the mood for. If you're looking for stuffed shells, cheese ravioli, spinach and cheese ravioli, gnocchi, and so much more, they have you covered. If you have celiac disease or gluten intolerance, you will not be left out anymore! You can enjoy fantastic food from the freezer to the microwave in moments.
<p> I was sent an extremely generous package filled with stuffed shells, pierogis, ravioli, pizza shells, gnocchi, lasagna and more! My dining room table was quickly transformed into the frozen food section at the grocery store! I loved it.
<p> Since I was sent so much, I wasn't sure what to try first! I don't suffer from gluten intolerance, but sometimes it's good to give your body a break from it. I decided to try the potato and onion pierogis. I served them with grilled chicken and a salad. The pierogies cooked in boiling water in about 6 minutes. Unfortunately, I forgot to take a picture of them before I ate them. The pierogis were large and in charge and filled with a delicious potato and onion mixture. They smelled wonderful too!
<p> Upon biting into the pierogi, my taste buds were hit with the soft chewy shell of the pierogi, which was very warm and inviting. The potato and onion flavor was prevalent, although each flavor was separately noticeable. The potato flavor was hearty and filling and the notes of the onion complimented the potato well. The onion flavor was not incredibly strong, but you could taste it. The pierogi was soft, but had a nice firmness to it. I enjoyed the periogi and definitely had another, or two or three. :) With some gluten-free foods, you'll notice a taste difference, but I honestly couldn't notice any difference at all. It tasted like any other pierogi I've enjoyed previously.
<p> A few days later, I wanted to try the gnocchi. I had been eyeing it in my freezer and couldn't say no anymore. I had to give in! The frozen meal was very easy to prepare, just cut a slit in the center and microwave on high for 5 minutes. I watched the microwave as my fantastic gnocchi cooked inside. When the microwave dinged, signaling the pasta was ready, as was my stomach! It was time to eat! This is what emerged from the microwave: Look at those fluffy and hearty gnocchi's!
<p> The gnocchi and sauce made my kitchen smell incredible, like an Italian restaurant. I sampled the first gnocchi and my heart melted into liquid marinara sauce. The gnocchi was warm, fluffy, and had a wonderful potato flavor. I've had gnocchi's that are too soft, or too firm, but this one was just right! The gnocchi was soft, but had the ideal amount of firmness. The flavor of the marinara sauce was thick, absolutely wonderful and complimented the gnocchi extraordinarily well. The entire dish was only 380 calories. For such a small amount of calories, you did get a large amount of pasta. I ate this for dinner on its own and was full afterwards. The gnocchi did not have any sort of noticeable taste difference, being that it was gluten free. The best part was that I didn't even have to leave my house to enjoy a restaurant-quality meal!
<p> I can't wait to try the rest of the Italian yummies that I have in my freezer. I know I will love them. If you haven't tried Contes Pasta before, I urge you to try them soon! Conte’s Pasta Products are in hundreds of restaurants and grocery stores. You can call them at 1-800-211-6607 to find a location near you!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Contes Pasta for providing me with the complimentary food in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> Spending time on your patio gives you a chance to entertain friends, visit with your spouse or unwind with a good book after a long day. Set up your outdoor space with a table, chairs, umbrella, cushions and swings that complement your style and needs. Save money and find the furniture you want when you shop for patio furniture deals.
<p> 1. Browse frequently
<p> When you find a style and design that fits your space but is more than you want to spend, remain optimistic. Most items will go on sale at some point in the season and you'll be able to get the patio furniture set you want at a price you can afford.
<p> 2. Take advantage of technology
<p> Instead of price hunting all over town, find one store you really like and take advantage of email notifications so you'll be notified of great deals. Visiting the store's website is also a great way to stay apprised of deals.
<p> 3. Shop at the end of the season
<p> Ask a store manager for a heads up on patio furniture clearance. Remember that late summer and fall are the best times to find inexpensive outdoor furniture. Items on clearance allow you to affordably purchase entire patio furniture sets or supplement what you already own. Rather than fretting you won’t be able to buy matching pieces later in the season or next year, consider mixing and matching pieces to show off your individual style and keep your design fresh.
<p> Find deals on everything you need to create a comfortable and relaxing outdoor space. Seek out the style you want or go online to find the best patio furniture prices. Whether you buy an entire set on clearance or add one new piece at a time, you can create an outdoor space you'll love all season.
<p> This is a guest post by Maire Hunter. Maire loves to shop on a budget! She also enjoys cooking and yoga.
<h> Monday, April 23, 2012
<p> Summer is just around the corner! You all know what that means, it's time to break out those swimsuits, have a BBQ and a pool party, and just enjoy the warm weather. It's always nice to start the season off with a brand new swimsuit to take to the beach or pool with too.
<p> Essential Swimwear offers gorgeous one piece and tankini bathing suits. The swimsuits are quality made and long lasting. The swimsuit cuts are made to flatter your body, which is a plus. There are many styles and colors for anyone's taste. Why not treat yourself to a new swimsuit today?
<p> I did a swimsuit review for Essential Swimwear last summer and absolutely loved the suit that I received. I still wear it and recently took it on vacation with me. It's held up well and still looks fantastic. I knew that I couldn't stay away and just had to do another review! :)
<p> I normally wear a tankini (or on a rare occasion a bikini) when I go to the pool or beach. There were so many swimsuits that caught my eye and it was really hard to make a decision.
<p> I finally settled on the beautiful Plum Ruched Halter Swimsuit. The deep purple color is perfect for summer and will look great on once I have a nice tan.
<p> This swim top takes "flattering" to the next level. With gathers that criss-cross at the bust and create interest all the way down the torso, you'll never feel more confident or interesting than when you're wearing this suit. The ruching camouflages any imperfections and allows for length customization depending on how little or much you want to bunch it up. Thick halter straps ensure your top isn't going anywhere, even in the most active of circumstances.
<p> When I received the swimsuit, I was a little hesitant because the top looked very big. I was sure that I was going to need a smaller size. Once I tried it on it actually fit perfectly. It hugged my body in just the right way and was extremely flattering on. I loved the ruching on the sides and the criss cross design on the top was pretty. I was initially attracted to this suit because it has vintage-y like feel of swimsuits from the 60's and 70's. The suit was comfortable on and I had no problems tying it. The swimsuit felt secure and I didn't feel like the tie was coming loose. Since I am 5'0, the top was a little long on me. That's easily fixable thanks to the ruching that allows you to easily change the length of it, depending on what you want. Once I adjusted the ruching, I liked the length much better. The high-waisted matching bottoms fit great as well. Overall I am very pleased with the swimsuit.
<p> I am going away for the weekend and I'll be sure to bring this suit with me to the pool where I'm staying. I can't wait to wear it!
<p> Essential Swimwear has created a special coupon code for my readers to take 10% off any purchase. The coupon code is good until May 21st. The code is WORDSEARCH10.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a $50 coupon code towards a swimsuit of your choice.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me which swimsuit you would purchase if you won. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 7th, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Friday, April 20, 2012
<p> Pizza is absolutely one of my favorite foods. I'll never turn down a large slice of cheese with pepperoni. I love a crispy piece of pizza with ooey gooey melted cheese and perfectly thick circles of pepperoni. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water!
<p> Domino's offers customers a full menu to choose from, including four types of pizza crust (thin, hand-tossed, deep dish and Brooklyn Style), Domino’s American Legends®, BreadBowl Pasta, Oven Baked Sandwiches, Cheesy Bread, Breadsticks, Chicken Wings, Boneless Chicken, Chocolate Lava Crunch Cakes, CinnaStix® and Coca-Cola® products. What I love most about Domino's is that they are always adding new items to their menu to keep their customers satisfied. Domino's offers quality pizzas that are fresh, delicious, and made to please. Whether you're hanging out with family, enjoying the big game, or are wanting a quick and easy dinner, keep Domino's in mind.
<p> There's been a new addition to the Domino's menu recently with the introduction of artisan pizzas. These rectangular, thin-crust pizzas will be available in four varieties (spinach and feta, chicken and bacon carbonara, sausage and peppers, and salami and roasted vegetables.) They are made with quality ingredients and feature hand-stretched, artisan style crusts.
<p> I had a chance to try the first three artisan flavors, but the recent new addition of the artisan chicken and bacon carbonara was one that I hadn't yet tried. I'm not extremely adventurous with food but I will try new things usually. The pizza came promptly on time and looked and smelled great!
<p> As you can see the tomatoes are large and fresh, the bacon smokey and crispy, the chicken juicy, and the cheese melted and luscious. There are 8 pieces of pizza, enough for 2 or 3 people. I had never tried carbonara pizza before, but had tried carbonara pasta and figured the creamy consistency would be similar. The pizza was warm and inviting. I took a bite and all of the flavors met my taste buds at once. I could differentiate each flavor on their own though. All of the ingredients were very fresh. The alfredo sauce flavor was very heavy, I wish it was a little less rich. If you don't like creaminess, this pizza probably wouldn't be for you. I did enjoy the pizza regardless though. The pizza crust was crispy and perfectly crunchy, just how I like it. My boyfriend really enjoyed the pizza and said he would order it again. I did welcome the opportunity to try the new pizza!
<p> The pizza also came with Parmesan bites which I am now obsessed with. They were beyond delicious! I had never had them before. I did see the commercial for them and made a mental note to try them soon. These little chewy bite-sized nuggets didn't stand a chance against being eaten by me. Each warm little bite had the perfect blend of herbs and seasoning and a generous layer of Parmesan coated on them. They were perfectly warm and irresistibly delicious. I couldn't just have one! They complimented the pizza nicely.
<p> Look at these little nuggets of cheesy heaven! I bet you want one right now.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Domino's for supplying me with the complimentary pizza and parmesan bites in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Thursday, April 19, 2012
<p> I've always had a deep affection for animals. I love any movie that focuses around dogs, cats, etc, especially if it's a special bond between pet and owner. Pets give us unconditional love for nothing in return, so why can't we show appreciation towards them too?
<p> Warhorse is a deeply heartfelt story that focuses around a horse name Joey and his trainer, Albert. The story follows their separation by World War 1, but that doesn't stop Joey from trying to find Albert. I don't want to give too much away, but it's really a beautiful story. The cinematography is superb, although Spielberg always produces gorgeous movies.
<p> The movie will have you cheering at certain parts, and feeling the sadness for the characters in others. It certainly is an emotional roller coaster!
<p> War Horse became a box office success and was met with positive critical consensus. The film was nominated for six Academy Awards including Best Picture. It was also nominated for two Golden Globe Awards and five BAFTAs. The New York Post has deemed it one of the best pictures of 2011. It's a family friendly movie that I know everyone will love.
<p> If you're looking for a new movie to watch, I highly recommend War Horse.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a 4-Disc combo pack copy of Warhorse.YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me why you'd like to win this movie. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> 10. Add Sammi's Blog of Life to your blogroll (using my URL), with a link back to me! (1 entry)
<p> 11. Become a fan of my Facebook fan page for 1 entry (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sammis-Blog-of-Life/307593407356)
<p> Winner will be chosen on May 3, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Wednesday, April 18, 2012
<p> Nobody likes unpleasant odors. Unfortunately, we sometimes have to deal with them more than we'd like to, in the forms of stinky garbage, cigarette smoke, pets, cooking, and more. Wouldn't it be great to eliminate those unwanted odors the second they hit your nose? Now that thought is reality!
<p> What Odor? doesn’t just mask a musky stench, it eliminates it for good! This multipurpose odor eliminator is comprised of a proprietary blend of essential oils and water. We've all tried to febreze a stinky smell, right? What happens when you do that is that the smell remains, it's just blanketed by a heavy perfumed smell. The real problem of the odor is not dealt with.
<p> I was sent a small tester sample of What Odor? and then a full-sized spray bottle. The tester sample would be great for throwing into your purse, car, or even into your suitcase when you travel.
<p> When I was contacted to review this product, I was intrigued. I have a throw blanket that has a funky odor to it and nothing seems to help. I've washed it countless times. The smell goes away at first but then it quickly comes back. I've febrezed it and that doesn't do much good either. I can not figure out where the smell is coming from and it always bothers me.
<p> •Completely eliminates pet odors, even urine odor. •Non-toxic and safe to use around children and pets. •Use it on furniture, laundry hampers, sports equipment. •Eliminates the smell of smoke on clothes, drapes, &amp; carpeting •Keep a bottle in the car for smoke &amp; food odors.•Great for cooking odors like fried fish and seafood. •Eliminates embarrassing odors in the bathroom. •Eliminates smelly garbage can odors •Great for diaper pails. •Strong enough to get rid of the stinkiest smell of all – skunk. •100% Biodegradable.
<p> Once I received the product, I decided to put it to the ultimate test--getting the odor out of my blanket. I didn't know what to expect from the product initially. Once you spray the fluid, it comes out easily and strong. I only had to spray it a few times and I instantly noticed the pleasant smell of the essential oils, which had a floral scent. The scent was not overpowering at all, but subtle. I really thought at first this would be another product that would be just like Febreze, but I was really wrong. I let the odor eliminator sink into the blanket for a few minutes before I checked to see how the product worked. Once I smelled the blanket, the odor was truly eliminated. I honestly couldn't believe it. I really thought it would just be a perfumey-odor! I am really thankful for this product because now I can use the blanket again, and I don't have to worry about putting something stinky on me.
<p> What Odor? is such a versatile product that has so many uses. You'll want to keep a bottle in your home on a regular basis. Don't let stinky odors into your home, banish them instantly with What Odor!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to What Odor? for providing me with the complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Monday, April 16, 2012
<p> No matter what I do, I always have dark circles and bags under my eyes. I layer on the concealer and it doesn't help. It's not attractive and I've been dealing with this issue for some time now. I've used different products to try to aide the problem, but haven't had amazing results. I'm in need of some quick eye rejuvenation!
<p> EyeDews is a refreshing, under-eye rejuvenation treatment. EyeDews are specifically formulated to help you look and feel great!
<p> Gentle and natural, this all-in-one single-step regimen effectively corrects all that plagues your delicate under-eye skin. EyeDews are nutrient rich jelly pads of natural marine collagen infused with hyaluronic ccid, chitosan and Vitamins C &amp; E to combat free radical imbalance, sun damage, discoloration, dry skin and wrinkles in the troubled skin under your eyes. This single use under eye treatment will soothe and smooth your beauty woes, and relax and return you to a more energized, youthful state. These would be great for using before an important meeting, first date, work conference, if you didn't get much sleep the night before, and any other time your eyes need a little pick-me-up.
<p> When I heard about these, I knew I needed to try them. I love anything that deals with relaxation and EyeDews sounded wonderful.
<p> I was sent two packs of EyeDews, under-eye gel packs. The directions said to apply them underneath your eyes and let them sit for 20 minutes. It is also recommended that you refrigerate them for maximum results, but it is not required. I did put mine in the fridge though. Once you take the EyeDews out of the package, they are a little slippery so it might take you a minute to fully place them underneath your eye. I noticed that the pads are cool and refreshing on my face instantly. I enjoyed the refreshing cold of the pads on my eyes though. The pads don't feel heavy on your face and I barely noticed they were on.
<p> I laid down for 20 minutes on the couch and turned on soothing music. I closed my eyes and tried to relax while I let EyeDews do all of the work. Once my timer went off, I went to the bathroom to check out the results. I instantly noticed the bags and puffiness under my eyes had been reduced. My under-eyes felt smooth and hydrated. I looked more awake and alert, which is amazing! I was very pleased with the results and I will definitely be using EyeDews again in the future.
<p> EyeDews would be perfect for incorporating them into your at-home spa routine. Why not throw them into a gift basket for a friend's birthday? She will love them! EyeDews are essential for men or women, at any time. If you have a face, you will benefit from EyeDews.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win 2 packs of EyeDews (which contain 3 sets of pads in each box.)
<p> Winner will be chosen on April 30, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
<h> Thursday, April 12, 2012
<p> Have you ever been on the hunt for a certain scented candle? Sure you can easily find an apple pie or clean linen scented candle, but you can't seem to find that one candle that has the personalized scent that you're looking for. Don't settle for a candle that isn't what you want. Lumnique Candles has created an ultimate candle paradise, just for you!
<p> Lumnique Candles specializes in personalized scented candles. Each 8 oz. candle is made-to-order using a soy wax blend, clean burning dual cotton wicks, eco-friendly color dyes, and essential fragrance oils that retain their scent while the candle burns. Mother's Day is quickly approaching. What better gift than to give mom a beautiful glass candle that is her favorite color and scent. She will absolutely love it. Luminque Candles also make excellent hostess, housewarming, birthday and any other occasion presents. The recipient will appreciate the effort that you put into designing the candle especially for them!
<p> When I was allowed to choose a candle of my choice, I took my time browsing the different colors and fragrances. There were so many choices that it was actually hard to choose just one! I finally settled on creating a candle for a harmonious home. I chose fire as my color, and selected magnolia as my candle fragrance. Fire is representative of excitement, energy, health, vitality, and more. Magnolia is a sweet and light floral scent. The harmonious home is meant to bring tranquality to a dwelling and create a peaceful haven. It was a lot of fun to be able to build my candle exactly as I wanted. What a unique and fun concept.
<p> The candle came in the mail rather quickly and was beautifully presented. The black box is elegant, yet modern at the same time.
<p> When I opened the box, I was greeted with the beautiful candle, a set of matches, and a note detailing my candle. I loved knowing what each category of my candle meant.
<p> The candle is quality made and the glass is very sturdy and durable. The fire color is a bold and rich red which reminds me of spring. I chose Magnolia because the light floral scent reminded me of spring too, even though I had never smelled it before. It has a subtle floral scent that I can only describe as "clean." It's not overwhelming or too powerful.
<p> I set the candle on my coffee table and lit it with the provided matches. I'm not sure if it was just the match that I used, but the flame very quickly burned down the candle and came dangerously close to my fingers. That worried me so I had to blow it out and use a wand lighter instead. That might have just been a defective match, I didn't try to use another match.
<p> I love the double wick of the candle, it's a fun twist on a regular candle. The candle smells delicious when burning and in no time the light floral aroma hugged my living room. I really like that Lumnique made a candle with eco-friendly materials. I'd like to think that the candle brings tranquility and a peaceful environment into my home. If you're looking to de-stress, lighting a Lumnique candle and sitting back and relaxing would do just the trick.
<p> If you haven't yet brought a Lumnique candle into your home, now is the perfect time to do so.
<p> GIVEAWAY RULES:1. I will be picking ONE (1) winner for this contest. One winner will win a custom-built candle from Lumnique Candles.
<p> YOU MUST DO THIS FIRST or all other entries will be DELETED!
<p> 2. Please tell me what your favorite scented candle is. (1 entry)
<p> BONUS ENTRIES
<p> 3. Subscribe by Email and Confirm that Subscription (1 entry)
<p> 4. Subscribe to Sammi's Blog of Life in a Reader (1 entry)
<p> 5. Follow me on Blogger. (1 entry)
<p> 6. Follow me on Twitter (www.twitter.com/pinkice88) (1 entry)
<p> 7. Leave a Tweet and the direct link to that tweet (1 entry) (You can do this daily)
<p> 8. FOR 5 EXTRA ENTRIES - Blog about this giveaway with a link to my blog and come back and leave the link to your blog post. Post FIVE separate comments that you've blogged about this.
<p> Winner will be chosen on April 26, 2012 at 10 pm and then will be emailed. One entry per day.Alternate winner will be chosen if winner does not respond after 48 hours. Thank you and good luck! Disclaimer- I was provided a product in exchange for my review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.You can read more about my blog policies in my disclaimer. Sammi's Blog Of Life Follows All New FTC &amp; Facebook Laws for Reviews &amp; Giveaways. IF YOU DO NOT CORRECTLY ANSWER MY CONTEST QUESTION, YOUR COMMENT WILL BE IMMEDIATELY REJECTED.
