<p> We are pleased to announce NCB Live- an evening of musical entertainment featuring some great local talents, the NCB Crew, a cheap bar…and much more! ALL PROCEEDS ARE IN AID OF NCB RADIO- ensuring we can keep making great programmes for years to come! To book tickets, please click the link below (limited tickets will be available on the door, depending on availability):
<p> We at NCB Radio are a non profit radio station. In short- we don’t have reams of money to pay shareholders. We exist purely to entertain, inform and engage our listeners. To run NCB costs us hundreds of pounds a month (it would be a LOT more without the help of our friends at The Ark)
<p> In the current climate, advertising is often hard to come by, especially for a small station such as us. While we have great support from our current sponsors, we need more to be able to grow, and develop. Every penny raised by NCB stays within NCB- all of our team are volunteers.
<p> Please help us today- whether it be £1 or £100, every pound literally counts. Help us to keep the radio rebellion going for many years to come. To help YOUR local station, please press the link below.
<p> Notes: The St Leonards and St Marys Wards are ‘Uncontested’ as the amount of candidates nominated either equalled or were less than the amount of seats available. In the case of St Marys, there were less candidates than seats and thus there is currently 1 vacancy- which will be filled by Co-Option (where the Council decide the candidate from which to fill it).
<p> The election results are in after the 2013 Cornwall Council Election Results. A very close one! The council remains under NO OVERALL CONTROL.123 council seats were available- and the results are as follows:
<p> He is now living near Niagara Falls in Canada and is slowly making his way back to Cornwall to live, as most of his family live in SE Cornwall &amp; SW Devon, Nigel is often seen a few times a year around Looe, visiting family.
<p> Nigel started to DJ in 1987 by playing tapes of a recorded Top 40 on a cassette mixer while on holiday in Spain and it grew from there.
<p> By 1989 he was the DJ at the Youth Club and over the years progressed &amp; worked in many Bars &amp; Clubs in Manchester &amp; Toronto areas, playing to the Dance music, Disco &amp; House Music crowds.
<p> Now in his later years, he puts together his weekly show for NCB Radio ”Across The Pond”, which basically means the otherside of the Atlantic Ocean, North America!
<p> The show features music primarily from the US Billboard Charts &amp; Canadian Charts, Past &amp; Present, along with new music. Main Genre’s on the programme include Pop/Rock, Country, R&amp;B/HipHop.
<p> Also thrown into his show is his opinions on events that have made the news over the past week in N America, UK or even Cornwall as well as “Pop Culture” which has included some memorable rants about “artists” such as Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber.
<p> Young or old, Bangladeshi or British, we think you will find Across The Pond very entertaining. (we’d rather you found out for yourself though!). Catch Nigel every Sunday 9pm GMT (4pm ET).
<p> She grew up in a theatrical and musical household and caught the acting bug very early in life. By the time she was 12 she had become a child actor in theatre and television. She was approached by a commercial radio station in the late 90′s to co-host a 2 hour chat which lasted for a fun filled year. Rachel enjoyed the medium as it allowed her to go to work in her PJ’s and look like a train wreck if she so wished… Perhaps that is why she is back behind the mic here on NCB Radio?! That’s what we think anyway!
<p> So throw another shrimp on the barbie and catch Rachel as part of our ‘NCB goes Global’ strand every Sunday night at 11pm.
<p> Mike Swaine began his DJ career by buying euphoric trance records at the age of 16. Then whilst at Exeter Uni, he ended up at the infamous ‘Cavern’ venue and discovered the world of drum &amp; bass. Since then Mike hasn’t looked back and has ended up DJing alongside the likes of Pendulum, Chase and Status, MistaJam (1xtra), Eddy Temple-Morris, Kissy Sell-out, Judge Jules, Soul Of Man, Danny Byrd, Gash DJs and Dirty Sanchez.
<p> His underground dance music show, Bass and Breaks started life as a guest mix on Fire Radio on the south coast. 5 years on Bass and Breaks still unleashes its unique brand of music, but on a much bigger scale!
<p> In 2010, Bass and Breaks received an International Breakbeat Award (Breakspoll) nomination for best podcast and has been shortlisted for best radio show in 2011 and 2012. From this the show gained more popularity, word has spread of Bass and Breaks and the show has developed into the beautiful beast you hear on NCB Radio every Thursday night at 11pm.
<p> Jay Forster has been rooted in the UK Dance Music scene for over half a decade. He’s rocked dance floors across the UK and Europe, and regularly DJ’s in Ibiza. While still a teenager, his passion for the music saw him becoming a regular teenage contributor to his local radio station as a guest rating and commenting on the music on air. Through hosting parties at college, Jay was able to hone his DJing skills, and once 18, began DJing at the clubs around his local area in South West England. Jay quickly established himself as a man who knew his music, and because of this expertise in funky house and commercial dance he found himself on Pure FM and Express FM in Portsmouth where he developed his sound and skills behind the mic. In 2005, Jay hit the decks in Ibiza, and in 2007 he produced and presented live outside broadcasts from the famous Cafe Mambo, these were the first International OB’s on UK community radio. Having taken a step back from DJing for a couple of years, to successfully focus on producing at the BBC. Jay is back with more experience, passion and vigor then before and you can hear him and his box of tunes every Tuesday night at 11pm on NCB Radio.
<p> Ever wished you could advertise your service, but not been able to afford the fees charged by other Radio Stations? Or have you ever thought of supporting community initiatives?
<p> Well, NCB Radio can cure both of those problems. We offer great price advertising rates for businesses and individuals, something that isn’t too deep in the pockets and it goes further than advertising- every penny we earn from our advertising (costs aside) is reinvested back into NCB, to enable us to continue making great radio for many years to come. So as well as hearing your company on an up and coming radio station with a potential North Cornwall to worldwide reach (the beauty of internet radio is anyone in the world can listen in, but as we target North Cornwall we can also remain local).
<p> Interested and want to know just how good value NCB advertising is? Here’s our ratecard (all prices are per month unless specified)
<p> ADVERTISING ONLY: £35 per month. Includes 1 30 second produced advert which is added to our advert rotation. Extra adverts are £20 per advert.
<p> SHOW SPONSORSHIP: £25 for Overnight (5 x 2 hour slots between 10pm-8am), £45 for Daytime (5 x 2 hour slots between 8am-6pm), £60 for Evenings (2 x 2 hour slots between 6pm-10pm). You would be sponsoring a programme- for example Sprigg’s Radio Show in association with Bob’s Builders. You will get 4 produced station IDs featuring your companys name and contact details, as well as 1 produced advert.
<p> STATION SPONSORSHIP: £270 a month, or £550 for three months. Price includes title sponsorship so for example “NCB Radio in association with Dave’s DIY. For all your DIY needs call Dave today on 01208 808557″ heard every 20 minutes, 24 hours a day. In addition you get 4 adverts produced featuring your business.Only one available per month!!
