<h> Thursday, October 25, 2012
<p> The holidays are rapidly approaching. Have you started thinking about what will be on your Thanksgiving or Christmas menu? The food is important, but the drinks are equally essential too. Everyone loves a great cocktail or glass of wine. Skip the requisite bottle of red or white wine this holiday season and surprise your guests with a refreshing frozen wine beverage! Bring a little bit of summer to your winter party and spice up the fun.
<p> Old World Gourmet has been creating frozen drink mixes for over a decade. They provide the perfect party drink mixes for any and all occasions. Whatever your frozen drink mixes are, Old World Gourmet has you covered with cool freeze bar mixes, holiday favorites, party in a pitcher, champagne freeze mixes, and much more. Any type of party is cause to feature frozen drinks! The drink mixes make great hostess gifts, wedding favors, and are essential for stocking in a gift basket for a birthday or Christmas present. They travel well and can be packed easily in a car, purse, or cooler too. These are ideal for bachelorette parties or summer picnics and pool parties. Whatever event you're having in the future, make sure Old World Gourmet is on the guest list!
<p> The Vino-Licious Lemoncillo Freeze will surely be given two thumbs up by all. Just simply mix, freeze, and stir. The best part is you can use your favorite wine. Old World Gourmet suggests using Pinot Grigio for an outstanding flavor.
<p> I love the color of the Lemoncillo mix. It's so bright and beautiful. Don't you wish you could have a glass right now? Well one lucky winner will very soon!
<h> Wednesday, October 24, 2012
<p> In my opinion, jerky is a snack made for men. It's one of those foods that rugged, tough guys enjoy. The spicy, smoky beef flavor is right up their alley. Forget chips and salsa. Put a bowl of jerky in front of your husband and watch his face light up. There's just something about that chewy meat that they love.
<p> Krave Jerky has revolutionized jerky for the better. Leave the tough and leathery jerky that is made with chemically processed ingredients behind. Krave provides an all-natural snack that is not only flavorful and healthy, but made with only high-quality ingredients. The jerky contains only 1.5 grams of fat per serving, and more than 50% less sodium and cholesterol than the other leading brands. If you're a fan of the meaty snack, Krave Jerky is the healthier brand for you. Why have all of the chemical additives when you can still enjoy the great taste?
<p> These flavors are a far cry from traditional and boring beef jerky sticks. Let an explosion of flavor burst in your mouth every time you bite into a meaty piece of Krave Jerky. Which flavor sounds best to you?
<h> Tuesday, October 23, 2012
<p> I'm a huge lover of turkey. I enjoy turkey sandwiches, turkey tacos and of course ground turkey! I very rarely eat beef or pork. Turkey is a delicious and healthier alternative to other not so good for you meat alternatives. I actually make my own turkey meatballs that are out of this world and full of flavor. I love to experiment and I'm always trying a new recipe that I incorporate turkey into. Jennie-O is my go-to brand for turkey products!
<p> Jennie-O provides the freshest and highest quality turkey products. Every year for Thanksgiving we always have a Jennie-O bird on the table. Some of the other products include sliced turkey deli meat in a variety of flavors, bacon, pastrami (never knew that!), sausage patties and links, and much more. Whatever turkey need you have, they have you covered! When I went to Jennie-O's website, I discovered a very cool feature. They have recipes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. You incorporate what you want to eat for the meal and recipes are displayed for you. Let's say you're craving turkey sausage and eggs for breakfast. A fantastic recipe for turkey sausage and egg tostadas pops up. It gives you step by step directions and nutritional information too.
<p> Jennie-O recently stepped out with two new products in their turkified lineup. Turkey lovers listen up! How does turkey tacos mini soft taco kits and turkey nachos mini nacho kits sound to you?
<p> This is a fabulous option for a work or school lunch, or an afternoon snack too. Each kit comes with fully cooked, taco seasoned ground turkey, tortillas, and cheese. It's ready in the microwave in just two minutes!
<p> These nachos have my name written all over them. The new packaging allows for optimal snacking convenience with an improved, easier-to-use microwavable cup. The kit comes with fully cooked taco seasoned ground turkey, tortilla chips and cheese. Pop these in the microwave and let your taste buds have an adventure of a lifetime!
<h> Monday, October 22, 2012
<p> I recently won a Silpat from a blog contest on Momfiles blog. It's a non-stick baking and cooking mat. The bottom of your cookies and food come out golden brown and perfect. It looks wonderful and I can't wait to bake delicious mouth-watering treats on it.
<p> What should I bake first? The person who gives the yummiest sounding treat idea first wins! :)
<h> Thursday, October 18, 2012
<p> Clothes are my number one weakness, besides chocolate. I can't resist passing by beautiful clothes in Macy's or any other department store and not stopping to look. I'm like a moth to a flame, I just can't help it! My closet and dresser is full to the brim, but trust me I need that new sweater and of course that pair of jeans too. I'm sure many other ladies out there share my love for clothes. Shop Adorn certainly does.
<p> Shop Adorn is a Portland, Oregon based boutique that has a relaxed and chic appeal. The shop features an eclectic selection of hard to find items featuring well known designers, as well as up and coming ones. House of Harlow and Hard Tail are two my favorite brands that are carried in the shop. What I like best about the company is that the items they sell are not what everyone else is wearing. Sometimes it's nice to wear something that you can't buy in every major store like others can. I love to set myself apart from individuals. Shop Adorn offers gorgeous jeans, dresses, and tops for women in a variety of styles, colors, and patterns. There are also great accessories like clutches, jewelry, and scarves too. Guys, don't worry! You aren't forgotten. There is a section on the website for men where they can purchase jeans, jackets, and shirts. I guarantee that if you browse you'll find a hidden gem that catches your eye.
<p> When I was told I could pick an item for review, I spent probably 45 minutes browsing. There were so many items I could picture myself wearing. It was hard to make a solid decision! In the end, I settled on the Hard Tail Cross Overcoat in Blue Knight. I chose this jacket because it's different than any of the other jackets I own. I instantly liked it when I saw it. It also would look fantastic with a pretty black scarf, jeans, and boots. A definite Fall look if I say so myself!
<p> Sorry that the picture is a little small. As you can see the color of the blue is a darker hue, which I really like. The coat fits me well and surprisingly the length isn't too long on me considering I am only 5'0. The buttons on the side is a fun and funky touch. I wore this jacket this morning, when it was in the high 50's, low 60's. It kept me warm and it was very comfortable. I don't think I can get away with wearing it for much longer though. It will be getting much colder in the next few weeks. I wore it similarly to how the model is pictured wearing it above. I paired the coat with skinny jeans and a great pair of boots. I thought it all looked great together. This is a fun, casual coat that would compliment many different looks.
<h> Wednesday, October 17, 2012
<p> Jewelry can turn an everyday outfit into something exquisite. Picture it now. A beautiful black dress paired with a large silver bib necklace and a bold black cocktail ring. By simply pairing jewelry with the dress, you could potentially be transforming an ordinary piece into something extraordinary. My favorite jewelry companies are those that create pieces for you to stand out in this world. There's nothing like a gorgeous necklace or bracelet to put a smile on your face.
<p> Bombom jewelry combines classy designs with modern trends to create jewelry that is elegant yet fashion forward. The company was created to offer consumers a break from conservative and flashy jewelry. Bombom wants to be recognized for their eye-catching and dynamic designs. That's exactly what comes to mind when I view their pieces.
<p> I've never seen a more gorgeous jewelry collection before than Bombom's. The rings, necklaces, earrings, and bracelets can easily go from work to play with ease. There's something for everyone's taste. Looking for gold and pearl earrings? They have those. If you're in the market for a stunning set of twisted gold bangles, you're in luck. Don't forget to dress up your finger either! The large cocktail rings would look great and keep you stylish at your holiday party this year.
<p> One ring in particular that I instantly fell in love with when I saw it is the Classic Dawn Round Ring. Honestly, have you ever seen anything as amazing is this? I think not.
<p> This finger candy is exactly what you need to make a statement with your favorite party dress. It showcases a luminous turquoise mother of pearl shell set in a spherical, sun-kissed rose gold plated frame. I love to wear bold cocktail rings when I go out. This one would look fabulous dressed up with a pretty fall dress, or dressed down with jeans and boots too. The versatility of the ring is great and I'm sure you all can picture it on your finger right now.
<p> One of you will have to make space for it in your jewelry box as a lucky winner will win it!
<p> I consider myself a foodie. I love to try new foods and I'm always open to preparing my everyday favorites in different ways. Not everyone is always open and welcoming to trying new foods, but I've gotten better with wanting to expand my palette. When I came across the vast selection of foods that Pure Market Express offered, I knew I had to try them.
<p> Pure Market Express provides a convenient way to eat fresh, natural, and great tasting foods without turning your kitchen upside down, or breaking the bank. They prepare gluten-free, dairy free, sugar free vegan breakfasts, lunches, dinners and desserts. The dishes contain no meat or preservatives. This is a dream come true for vegetarians, lactose intolerants, gluten intolerants, and anyone else who has special dietary needs.
<p> How about starting the day off with some luscious cinnamon rolls for breakfast? Follow up lunch by having tomato herb soup. Don't forget to have spicy peanut pasta for dinner. Of course you must end the meal with a sweet treat too. How does key lime cheesecake sound to you?
<p> I browsed the website admiring all of the dishes and wondering how they tasted. I didn't have to admire for too long as shortly after I received a large package containing some goodies for me. I was sent lasagna, chips, pineapple slaw, chocolate cheesecake, and banana cream pie. I liked how everything was a mini portion too. I don't have any kind of gluten or dairy interolance, but I was curious at how the food tasted.
<p> I first tried the chips. What I noticed instantly was the lack of a ton of artifical ingredients on the label. The chips consist of only corn kernels, flaxseed, lime and salt. That's it! I can pronounce those ingredients and I know that they are not artificial in any way possible. The chips are large and great for dipping. I dipped a few chips into some garlic hummus. It was fantastic! The flaxseeds gave the chip a nice earthy taste that is unbeatable. I also noticed the wonderful corn flavor of the chip itself. There was a satisfying crunch with each bite too. There was no grease left behind on your fingers after you enjoyed these, unlike some chips. These chips are a guilt free snack that can be packed in a work or school lunch along with any dip of your choosing.
<p> Luscious chocolate!
<p> Next, I wanted to try a few bites of the chocolate cheesecake. You all know me. That cheesecake didn't stand a chance in my fridge! The portion size is large for an individual serving. I also liked the fact that it had an almond crust, that was new to me. I had never tried cheesecake with an almond crust before. I sampled just a few bites, but my taste buds enjoyed the treat. The cool and creamy dessert was big in taste, but low in unnnatural ingredients. It tasted like a real chocolate cheesecake to me. The chocolate was sweet and rich. I didn't notice anything that tasted out of the ordinary. The almond crust gave the cake a nice added nutty crunch, which I loved. The cake is made with ingredients such as agave nectar, almond crust, maple syrup, cashew butter, etc. As you can see, you know what all of those are and you can pronounce them. It's important to me to not put chemicals or anything unsafe into my body. I highly recommend this yummy with an ice cold glass of milk anytime of day or night!
<p> Look at those big pieces of almonds!
<p> The last treat that I sampled was the banana cream pie. I love banana cream pie, so I had high hopes for this. Honestly, I did not like it. I enjoyed the flavor of the bananas themselves, but the almost liquidy consistancy of the dessert turned me off. The bananas were a little too mushy for my taste too. I am sure people would enjoy this though. If it had been in more of a pie form, I might have liked it better.
<p> In the next few days I will be trying the pineapple slaw and the lasagna. Bon appetit!
<h> Tuesday, October 16, 2012
<p> I've been working with Musselman's for a long time now. I can't eat bagels or toast without a generous layer of apple butter spread on it during the fall season. Their applesauce cups are a healthy mid-day snack. I'm excited that apple cider season is here, because their apple cider is a favorite beverage of mine. If you're looking for a company who makes top notch apple products, Musselman's is your company.
<p> At Musselman's, they believe making healthy, delicious apple sauce is more than just a job. It's a way of life. That's why the growers who have spent their entire lives nurturing and harvesting apples also own the company. Musselman's has a variety of different flavored apple sauces, apple butter, apple juices, and more. They are your apple headquarters and there is a product for everyone's taste. As you all might know, I'm a Musselman's ambassador. I regularly love to indulge in a very cold cup of cinnamon applesauce!
<p> Now that it's fall, it's time to put apple butter on everything. Apple butter from Musselman's is one of my favorite products that they produce. I was sent a great package that contained a large jar of apple butter, a special hand crafted kitchen tool, and recipe cards featuring dishes containing apple butter. I never thought to prepare meals with apple butter, so this is very intriguing. The kitchen tool is essential for getting those last drops out of your apple butter jar. Savor every drop!
<p> The recipe cards were for monkey bread, sweet potato apple butter casserole, and an apple butter marinade for chicken. What's great about these recipes is that they are all different, which gives you the opportunity to use apple butter in many ways. The recipe that stands out to me that I want to make the most is monkey bread. I've never had monkey bread before but the picture on the recipe card looks heavenly. How can you go wrong with biscuits, cinnamon, sugar, brown sugar, butter, and apple butter? You can't! It's an essential recipe for making on a cold winter's day.
<p> For breakfast this morning I decided that I couldn't start my day off without having some of that addicting apple butter. From the minute that I opened the jar and saw the luscious contents, I had to put my tongue back into my mouth. It smelled fantastic and I couldn't wait to eat it. I used the kitchen tool that I was sent to spread the apple butter on the toast. Look how beautiful the color of the apple butter is, I just love it!
<p> You can taste the apples immediately, they are very prominent in the butter. The spices are noticeable throughout and they pair fabulously with the apples. If you've never had apple butter on toast before, you're really missing it. It's a wonderful spread. It took all of my power to not take a spoon to the jar and just go at it.
<p> If you haven't previously tried apple butter, why not do so this fall? You'll fall under the apple butter spell and instantly become hooked. Don't blame me though! :)
<h> Monday, October 15, 2012
<p> As you all know, the holiday shopping season is approaching. It's time to buy that food processor for your mom that she's been wanting, that BluRay player for your sister, and the flat screen TV that will make your husband's football dreams come true.
<p> If you haven't heard of OctoNovemCember before, you're in for a true holiday treat. RetailMeNotwants to inform you of OctoNovemCember which is the magical shopping season when fantastic unbeatable deals from one day only sales are available everyday. Keep OctoNovemCember in mind when you start your shopping because during these three months you can save every day on the things you want from the stores you love! How great would it be to get the gifts you need for the holiday season at fantastic prices? I know I'm game for that since holiday shopping can make my wallet cry.
<p> I know you all love contests and the chance to win money is truly exciting. How does winning $1000 sound to you? RetailMeNot wants to give you the chance to win a $1000 holiday shopping spree! The more times you share their OctoNovemCember video, the more entries you get (up to 20!) and one winner is picked each week. What would you buy with $1000? Please go HERE to watch the video and see how you can share to be eligible to win.
<p> The Pumpkin Headed Turkey Claus is looking out for your wallet. I've never seen anything as cute as he is in my entire life. PHTC is the king of OctoNovemCember. He is responsible for everything that is good in the holiday season. As you can see, this festive character has the glow of a jack-o-lantern, the comforting warmth of a Thanksgiving turkey, and of course the gift giving spirit of Santa Claus.
<p> What item do you most want PHTC to help you save on this year? I need a new computer. I'm hoping he brings a fabulous price on a new computer so I can do my blogging in style!
<p> One of my favorite parts about the holidays is Black Friday shopping. I love to browse the advertised deals online and see what stands out to me that I might want to buy. I love the crowds and the general craziness and chaos that ensues with this yearly tradition. It's a lot of fun. When I lived in NYC I was a block away from Best Buy. Two or three years ago I set my alarm to get up at 4:30 AM and I walked over to Best Buy and waited in line with everyone else for the store to open at 5 AM. Once it opened, I purchased some TV show DVD's at a great price and I also got a new iPod sound dock at an unbeatable price. It was interesting and fun to watch everyone grab the items they wanted while trying not to kill each other in the process! I came home and ordered a few more things from Old Navy online that were advertised for Black Friday. I was running on pure adrenaline from being excited by good deals that I wasn't even tired. I've never done anything like that again before but I'm glad I had that experience.
<p> What are some of your best Black Friday deals that you've ever scored?
<p> DISCLOSURE- This is a sponsored post from One2One Network and RetailMeNot.com. All opinions stated are my own.
<h> Saturday, October 13, 2012
<p> Ever since I've lived on my own I've cared a lot about furniture. Not to say I didn't care about it before, but it's different when you're buying your own. I know what styles and patterns I like and what I'm not too fond of. Three weeks ago I moved into a new apartment. It's a lot of fun to buy new furniture and pieces for it. I enjoy decorating and I love flipping through furniture catalogs to see which pieces catch my eye. I'm always on the lookout for new furniture and accent pieces to add to my home.
<p> EZBuy Furniture is the headquarters for any discount furniture you could possibly need. Whether you're looking for a new bedroom set, a pub table for your kitchen, a coffee table for your living room, or even a new entry table for your doorway, they have it all and much more. There must be thousands and thousands of pieces on the site. Some items come assembled, while others need assembly upon delivery. The prices are very affordable and the furniture is truly beautiful. I browsed for about 35 minutes on the site, just looking at everything. There were so many pieces that I wanted!
<p> Buying from EZBuy would be a great decision for some furniture for your first ever apartment, or a brand new house too. Why not start off your new life in style?
<p> I was sent the sleek and modern Heights Book Tower from the Holly &amp; Martin collection. I instantly loved it when I first laid eyes on it. I envisioned putting it in my bedroom and having all of my books close by for easy access. The unit was shipped very quickly. It did not take long to put together at all. I'm not handy in the slightest, so my boyfriend helped to put it together. The instructions were easy to follow, and in no time the unit went from a bunch of pieces to this:
<p> Isn't this the coolest bookshelf ever? The modern design of it is right up my alley. I love that it's a not a traditional bookshelf like everyone else has. The construction of it is very durable and reliable. The base and shelves are made very strongly to hold the weight of a lot of books. The powder coated silver finish is very attractive and it can be paired to compliment any decor. I wasn't exactly sure where to put this once it was assembled, but I think the space that I chose in my bedroom is a good fit for it. It doesn't take up a lot of room and would be a great storage choice for small apartments too.
<p> Since it's standing upright, you can easily see your books and grab the one you want. With a traditional bookshelf, you have to crane your head to read the titles and that can be annoying. I put candles and some decor items on some of the shelves to break up all of the books. I think it looks better that way. There are some shelves that have less books than others, but in time I will add more.
<p> You don't have to use the unit as just a bookshelf if you don't want to. It can be put next to the TV to hold DVD's or CD's. Why not put it in your bathroom to hold towels and linens? That would also be a smart choice. If you are looking for a new bookshelf for your home, I highly recommend this one.
<p> I'm very impressed with the quality of the bookshelf and I truly love it. I will certainly be ordering from EZBuy Furniture for any of my future furniture needs.
<h> Friday, October 12, 2012
<p> I try to eat as much yogurt on a weekly basis as I can. I go for the low calorie, low fat, and low sugar content yogurts. This creamy treat packs a lot of nutritional benefits like protein and probiotics, along with having a wonderful taste too. Just don't give me any yogurt with fruit on the bottom, I don't like those. Whatever yogurt flavor you choose, make sure it's high on your list of favorites.
<p> Muller comes in 16 flavors across 3 yogurt families, including Corner Yogurt, Greek Corner Yogurt, and FruitUp. The Corner Yogurt is a luscious mild Greek style yogurt with a side of compartment of fruit or nuts to mix in. The original Muller yogurt is a smooth and creamy yogurt with fruit or crunchy add in's. Muller's FrutUp is a cool, lowfat yogurt topped with a vibrant layer of fruit mousse. How about tempting your taste buds with such flavors as original with blueberries or Greek yogurt with caramelized almonds? Maybe plain yogurt with chocoballs is more up your alley? Of course you can't forget to try a luscious lemon FrutUp! There's a flavor for everyone to love.
<p> I was sent a variety of Muller yogurts for review. I actually forgot to take a picture of all of the products received before tasting them. Missing from this picture is an original yogurt with granola, and an original yogurt with blueberries. What I first noticed about the yogurts was the packaging. The bold and vibrant pictures of fruit and nuts on each container was really appealing. I love food photography, so this stood out to me.
<p> I browsed through the yogurts and decided which one I wanted to try first. I chose a plain yogurt with granola. I looked at the nutrition label and was shocked at what I saw. It had around 220 calories with a very high sugar content, around 24 or 25 grams of sugar. I don't normally eat yogurt with those statistics. To me, 220 calories is a lot, and I try to pick food with low sugar. I'm used to eating yogurt with 70 or 80 calories and a very low sugar content, around 6 or 7 grams. The package of yogurt contains one cup that's filled with yogurt, and a container of granola attached on the other side. I like that it comes with a satisfying mix-in. You simply lift the cup of granola up and pour it into the yogurt. How easy is that? My granola poured into the yogurt mess-free.
<p> The yogurt was smooth and creamy and it had a wonderful flavor. It was very sweet though. The granola was very fresh and added a nice crunch to the cool treat. I tried a few bites of the yogurt and saved it in the fridge for later.
<p> As you can see, the portion size is large. You receive a lot of granola and a satisfying amount of yogurt.
<p> Days later I tried the original yogurt with blueberries. This one was much more manageable, it had 140 calories. I had no problem finishing the whole thing. The blueberries were fresh and juicy and turned my yogurt a lovely shade of blue when mixed in. I had never mixed blueberries in with my yogurt before, and I enjoyed trying something new. I had the yogurt as a mid-day snack and it was extremely satisfying and filled me up instantly. I loved making a healthy choice for my snack too.
<p> Any Muller yogurt would make a great breakfast, side with lunch, or midday snack. You can even pack one in your child's lunch too.
<p> I look forward to sampling the other flavors of yogurt given. The FrutUp is next on my list!
<p> Muller Yogurt is available in the following cities ONLY, so keep that in mind when entering my contest.
<h> Thursday, October 11, 2012
<p> We are a society of people who love technology. We want the best and fanciest electronic gadgets for everyday use. An iPad to show pie charts and documents for our business meetings, the iPhone to use for FaceTime for conversing with overseas clients, and of course the Kindle for storing work PDF and Microsoft Word docs on. Luckily these companies exist to make these technological advancements possible. Zoogue is here to make your electronic devices stylish and professional.
<p> Zoogue offers beautiful cases for your favorite gadgets. If you're looking for a leather case for your Kindle, iPad, Galaxy Tablet, Motorola Xoom, or iPhone, they have you covered. Screen protectors and accessories are also available, among other items. The cases are genuine leather and impeccably made. They will house your favorite items and keep them fashionable and protected.
<p> The Zoogue Leather Case Genius Pro is a great model to choose if you're looking for a very functional case. It is adjustable to any angle with its innovative velcro design. The case provides access to all ports, cameras, and speakers. The adjustable straps allow you to hang an iPad just about anywhere. You can even securely hang it to the back of your headrest in the car, or use it as a secure hand strap.
<p> As you can see, you can adjust this iPad to virtually any angle. If you have to make a presentation at work, using this case would be essential to ensure that all individuals in the meeting can see the presentation. Taking a road trip in the near future with small children? No worries, fasten the iPad to the back of a headrest and let your children watch a movie or videos to keep them entertained. I sometimes read in bed on my iPad at night. It's annoying to have to hold the iPad up so I can see the text. Adjust the case to an angle that works best for you and now you don't have to hold the iPad up anymore and you can comfortably read. You'll be amazed at how this case will change your iPad experience for the better.
<h> Wednesday, October 10, 2012
<p> Let's face it ladies, bra straps are boring and plain. They come in solid colors like white, black, pink, etc. Not to mention it's hard to keep a strapless bra in place, and unattractive bra straps can potentially ruin an outfit. What are we to do? I know I've had bra straps peeking through my outfits at the most inconvenient times. Wouldn't it be more fun to make our favorite bra's a little more exciting? Strappys has come to our fashion aid to bring added personality to strapless bra's!
<p> Strappys is your strapless bra's new best friend. These interchangeable jewelry quality bra straps attach to strapless bras. Strappys are available in over 40 different styles. There is certainly a strap to match every personality and taste. How about rhinestones or pearls? Even lace, fabric, and beaded straps are available. These simple and beautiful adornments will keep a strapless bra in place with ease. Strappys also has a line of bra strap charms perfect for teenagers to make their own fashion statement!
<p> No longer will you have to worry about unwanted bra straps sticking out of your clothing, thanks to Strappys. Why not jazz up your little black dress for your office Christmas party with rhinestone straps? How fun! Or maybe you're a bridesmaid in your friends wedding and you want to wear beaded Strappys with your dress? It's also a relief to not have to concern yourself with your strapless bra sliding and falling down, since it will be supported by Strappys. :)
<p> Black rhinestone bra straps
<p> Gold beaded bra straps
<p> Faceted gems in silver bra straps
<p> As you can see, I've only showed you just a few styles that Strappys offers. I'm sure the three pictures instantly get your fashion brain inspired!﻿
<p> It's easy to transform a simple day look into a polished and stylish evening look with whatever strap your pair your outfit with. Have fun with Strappys and add an extra element of pizazz to your favorite dresses and tops.
<p> Strappys makes a perfect gift for practically anybody. Your best friend, your mom, and your cousin would love a pair of Strappys in a style that suits them best! A wonderful idea for a bridal party would be for everyone to wear matching Strappys with their dress. That would certainly make for a great picture!
<p> One lucky winner will win a pair of black and diamond bra straps from Strappys. Get ready to plan your outfit around them!
<p> Jewelry is an essential in my life. You can always catch me wearing my favorites, but sometimes I switch them out for pieces I haven't worn in a while. I treasure sentimental jewelry given to me by friends and family, and of course my boyfriend. There's nothing like someone special in your life presenting you with a gorgeous necklace or bracelet. Make sure you keep those items close to your heart.
<p> Pictures on Gold offers personalized jewelry, lockets, and photo lockets. Their pieces are quality made and created with care. Any item would make a wonderful gift for anybody. Why not give Grandma a silver locket with pictures of her grandchildren inside for her birthday? A necklace with your child's thumbprint in it would make a wonderful Christmas present for a mom. Your husband would also love a personalized watch with a special message from you engraved on it as an anniversary present.
<p> A locket is something that I've always wanted. It's known by all that a locket is a special piece of jewelry that contains important pictures inside. I love the fact that the pictures are hidden and only you know what's inside, unless you show someone.
<p> When I received the chance to review a sterling silver sweetheart photo heart locket, I was very excited. The locket holds two pictures and I also had an opportunity for an engravement on the back. I browsed my pictures online and finally came up with two pictures of my boyfriend and I that I wanted to use. I sent in the pictures and asked for my boyfriend and I's name and our anniversary date to be engraved on the back in script.
<p> The shipping was very fast and I received the locket within a few days of placing my order. When I opened the package, the first thing that I saw was a beautiful black velvet box with a pretty bow around it.
<p> I loved the presentation of the box. I've received jewelry previously that hasn't been packaged as nicely, so it was nice to see that the necklace was protected during shipping.
<p> Once I opened the box, I absolutely loved what I saw.
<p> Look how beautiful and big the heart locket is! The sterling silver was shiny and gleaming. It certainly brought a smile to my face. The locket has some weight to it and the silver chain is a perfect choice for the necklace. I love the way it looks on. It lays flats and I had no issues with the locket twisting or turning either. The clasp was easy to open and close when taking it on and off too. The necklace was not heavy on me at all. This necklace is really beautiful and something I will truly treasure.
<p> I had no trouble opening the locket and I was able to open it with ease. Inside, the two pictures of my boyfriend and I were on either side. I was very impressed with the company. It's not easy to take two normal, full-sized pictures and shrink them down and have them fit inside a locket. I wanted my pictures to stay in color, rather than be transferred to black and white. The color of the pictures were still very vibrant and easily visible. The camera flash made a glare, but in person the necklace does not look like this. It's much easier and also a smarter decision to have a company put in pictures for you, rather than trying to make your pictures fit inside a locket by yourself.
<p> On the back was the engravement that I asked for. I loved how the inscription turned out. The script is gorgeous and I was able to distinguish what it said effortlessly.
<p> The inscription was a little hard to capture in a picture, but you get the idea. My boyfriend thought the necklace was very thoughtful and he really liked it. He smiled when I showed him the pictures and the inscription. This is a necklace that I will wear frequently. Not only is it a beautiful piece, but it's something meaningful that will be close to my heart when I wear it.
<p> A photo heart locket would be a fantastic Christmas present for your girlfriend or wife this year. Presenting her with this gift would certainly bring a huge smile to her face, and possibly a tear to her eye as she sees what a thoughtful gift it is. You can go ahead and take all of the credit for the gift though! :) Please use the promo code "HOLIDAY12" at checkout for a 10% discount for all orders placed on PicturesonGold.com by December 1st.
