<h> Saturday, January 4, 2014
<p> Everyone needs a little bit of encouragement now and then, and who better to encourage you than the people that understand your pain. Blogging is the 21st century, public version of journaling. It’s a bit like making conversation, but with a much wider audience. Sharing your struggles and hearing other people’s feedback can really help you get through your diet.
<p> It helps when you realize that you are not alone in your struggle and that there are others out there that understand what you are going through. Nutrisystem has a very strong globalized support group system in the form of an online community. In addition, hundreds of independent bloggers share their tips, experiences, and ideas about this diet plan. Among them, Shari, Jen, and Susie stand out.Shari Auldridge Shari created her little blog with the goal to encourage Nutrisystem users. It’s her personal journey from 156 lb to 135 lb in 11 months. From Day 1 when the first Nutrisystem food package arrived she documents her weight loss journey in the form of a diary. She reviews the meals she eats, how filling the food is, how it tastes, what she eats for snack, how she likes the desserts, what salads she made, and much more. Plenty of photos describe vividly her Nutrisystem progress.Maybe if you just relax Meet Jen. She has been through most of our worst fears. She met the love of her life and got married, only to find out that between the two of them, making a baby was going to be impossible. After many treatments, she had her first child. Reading about her life and how she handled the trials she went through will have you laughing and crying at the same time. You cannot help but laugh at her wit and writing style, but you cannot hold back the tears because it takes a very strong woman to go through what she did and retain your sanity. If anyone can cheer you up on a lousy day, it’s Jen.
<p> She was on Nutrisystem for 14 weeks and lost 18 lb. By reading her articles you will certainly get insight about Nutrisystem and if it could work for you too. It took Jen some time to adjust her lifestyle around this meal delivery diet. She has now totally mastered Nutrisystem. “Thinking about snack options while shopping just comes natural”, she writes. She has cleared her kitchen’s shelves and everything has a spot. She knows what foods she likes because she has tried all of them!
<p> Nutrisystem has given Jen a kick-start to weight loss and a healthier life, which is why she recommends it to everyone. Of course, Jen works out intensely for 30 minutes at least 3 days a week and this has accelerated her weight loss. Olivia, her 4 year old daughter, often jumps in and does the moves with her mother. If you are wondering why her blog is all about Nutrisystem, all the time, she explains: “…aside from my kids, this weight loss and exercise program is my life.”Weight Loss Triumph This is a great blog for people that are on the cusp of deciding what diet plan they want to follow. It has a lot of interesting information on various programs, with scathingly honest analysis of where they fail and where they triumph. It also has feature writers that flood the site with interesting information on health and nutrition.
<p> Aileen Myer’s blog posts are specifically interesting because she runs a boot camp as a full time job, so she has many great insights on exercise routines. In addition to this, Weightlosstriumph.com has discount codes for Nutrisystem.Stomach RumblingsSusie’s blog is the ideal place for newbies to go for comfort. She specifically focuses on issues that new dieters face and tries to guide them. Susie has lost 90lbs and has spent a long and hard year doing it. Reading her blog is both inspiring and daunting, because she is brutally honest about the tribulations that one faces when trying to go through with such a massive lifestyle change. Susie has posted many delicious recipes. Do you love lasagna? Need a Chinese food fix? Crave a crunchy, gooey dessert? You will find the information to make it here.
<p> One thing that you will find very useful in Susie’s blog is a list of over 100 Nutrisystem meals reviewed personally by her. “How the food tastes” is one of the most important things people want to know before they join a meal delivery diet. Susie does a great job reviewing each meal in detail with photos. From the Apple Granola Bar, that tasted dry and crumbly, to the Sloppy Joe Mix with pasta, that was like “OMG, this is diet food?” being so rich, cheesy, and delicious, you will get a good idea about Nutrisystem food.
<p> Losing 100 lb of Misery through Weight Watchers After suffering a long chronic illness over a six-year period, Amy was up over 95 pounds, overweight, and miserable. After speaking with a counselor and a friend, Amy joined Weight Watchers in 2002, and never looked back.49 lb Down At 239 pounds Amy was both ready and excited to lose the extra weight. She set a goal for herself to lose 70 pounds. As she worked towards her weight loss goal, Amy began learning healthy portion sizes, completely different from what she had been eating or even thought were appropriate portions. She also reintroduced herself to fruits and veggies, foods she didn’t much care for before but was learning to love. With Weight Watchers she was able to receive the support she needed through weekly meetings and build lasting friendships with others working toward their weight loss goals.70 lb Down By the end of March 2003 Amy had lost almost 49 pounds and her confidence and self-worth were growing. As an artist she enjoyed drawing in public places like parks more, not feeling the need to hide herself and her weight from others. Amy continued working towards a lighter figure.
<p> As August quickly approached, just 11 months after joining Weight Watchers, Amy had reached her goal weight of 169 pounds. She had lost the 70 pounds she originally sought out to and was beyond pleased with her results. After reaching her goal she decided to continue with the Weight Watchers program and work to lose more weight. This time though there was no rush, she decided to continue to lose weight slowly. Amy figured it would be nice to lose just five pounds more. After she lost that five pounds, she decided to work to lose another five pounds.
<p> Amy encourages others to look past the scale, focus on yourself, and make healthy choices one day at a time. “If I can do it so can you” says Amy. Learn about the Weight Watchers plan and see what others have experienced. If you want to give it a try, use the promotion codes from Weightlostriumph.com. Take it one step at a time—slow and easy.84.4 lb Down Amy continued to lose weight. By Christmas she had lost a total of 84.4 pounds and by April 2004 she was down a total of 89 pounds. At this point she had created a new personal goal for herself. She was going to lose 100 pounds. A large task for any dieter.100 lb Down As she worked toward her newest weight loss goal Amy was realizing the importance of all the different aspects of the Weight Watchers program. She attended meetings for support, counted points, ate all her fruits and veggies, took a multi vitamin each and every day, and drank an average of 125 ounces of water per day. Each of these aspects are now a part of her every day routine, and continue to be.
<p> By August of 2004, Amy had reached her ultimate goal! She had lost 100.8 pounds and now weighed 138.2 pounds. The two words Amy would use to describe herself would be ‘fit’ and ‘strong’, two totally different words than she would have chosen when she first began her weight loss journey.
<h> Friday, January 3, 2014
<p> What I've noticed in recent years is that there's been a clear style upgrade with baby items. Gone are the days of simple blue or pink receiving blankets. Now you have crib bedding for baby featuring sweet polkadots, stylish chevron, or even adorable bumble bees. Not to mention bright colors and fun patterns on a multitude of products for baby. If you have a newborn baby or are expecting soon, why not provide a stylish introduction into the world for your child?
<p> The Pink Polka Dot Boutique is an Etsy shop ran by owner Christine. She sells many baby items including crib sheets, boppy covers, burp cloths and sets, bibs, changing pad covers and more. All of her items are handmade. Sewing is a big passion of Christine's, and you can see her talent and perfect stitching in any item you buy. There are many styles, colors, and prints to suit anyone's tastes. She has many money saving promotions going on right now, be sure to check out her shop to find the promo codes. If you're looking for a baby gift, look no further than The Pink Polka Dot Boutique.
<p> All mom's who nurse their babies know that a nursing pillow is very important. You can rest baby on a comfortable Boppy pillow for support and it makes nursing more convenient. Your boppy or other nursing pillow only comes with the color or pattern you buy it with. Wouldn't it be fun to constantly change the cover? Christine makes fabulous nursing pillow covers that fit a Boppy or any other standard nursing pillow. Depending on your choice, cotton or minky is available. You can even request a custom order if you have a certain style in mind that is not currently available in her shop.
<p> Here are some pillow covers that are currently in her shop:
<p> How precious are these? There are over 138 cotton covers for baby girls or boys in Christine's shop. You're bound to find a print or style you like! There is no zipper or button on this pillow cover, it is a simply a slipcover. There is an opening on the bottom where the pillow slips in. Your baby will love to be supported on a comfortable pillow, and you'll enjoy the adorable slipcover too!
<h> Thursday, January 2, 2014
<p> It's a new year, which means new goals and resolutions. If diet and exercise are part of your resolutions for the new year, then listen up! I have some great recipes for you that are low in fat and calories, but big on taste. I bet you didn't think you could use French's mustard in some of these dishes, did you?
<p> FLORIBBEAN SHRIMP SALAD
<p> Serve the shrimp salad in martini glasses for an elegant presentation.
<p> Prep Time: 15 min. Cook Time: about 3 min. Chill Time: 30 min.
<p> 1 1/2 lbs. large shrimp, peeled and deveined
<p> 3 Tbsp. light lime vinaigrette
<p> 3 Tbsp. FRENCH'S® Honey Dijon Mustard
<p> 3 Tbsp. plain nonfat yogurt
<p> 1 large mango, peeled and diced (1 1/2 cups)
<p> 1 medium, red bell pepper, diced
<p> 1 medium, Haas avocado, peeled, pitted and diced
<p> 1 (5 oz.) pkg. mixed salad greens
<p> 1. COOK shrimp in boiling water to cover about 3 min. until shrimp turn pink. Drain and cool.
<h> Tuesday, December 31, 2013
<p> Attention all moms! Are you currently shopping for a new jogging stroller that will allow you to stay active while your child sees the town? If you're seeking a reliable stroller that won't break the bank but still looks attractive, I have some ideal choices for you!
<p> Pish Posh Baby is the headquarters for all baby supplies from cribs and bedding to car seats and high chairs. They have recently put all of their 2013 jogging strollers on clearance! This is a great opportunity for you to save some money on that new stroller you've been looking for. They have many makes, models, and colors to suit anyone's taste.
<p> Even though I'm not yet a mom, I know how essential a stroller is especially for the first year or two of a child's life.
<p> If you want a standard jogging stroller, how about the Baby Jogger City Mini GT 2014 stroller? It will certainly let baby ride in style while you get a run in.
<p> Need a sturdy stroller? The Baby Jogger City Mini GT 2014 has reinforced wheels, is light, easy to fold &amp; push, has a large sunshade, &amp; underseat basket.
<p> If you want something with more color and features, why not take a look at the rest of the strollers on sale? You'll surely find the perfect stroller for you and baby!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post that I received compensation for. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Sunday, December 29, 2013
<p> The holidays will be over in a blink of an eye. As you look around your house, you may see a lot of work ahead of you. You'll need to take down your Christmas tree, put the ornaments away, and any seasonal decorations too. You may also need to prep food for your upcoming New Year's Eve party. Wouldn't it be nice to receive the burst of energy you need to get everything accomplished?
<p> Energems is a delicious energy product made with real milk chocolate. Energems are a bite-sized, hard-coated gems made to put an extra pep in your holiday step. These round circles of energy contain a special blend of B-vitamins, chocolate, and caffeine. Each convenient, portable box allows you to control when, where, and how much energy you need for the perfect pick-me-up each and every time. Throw them in your purse or luggage for on-the-go traveling.
<p> While some energy drinks and supplements have many calories, you can receive guilt free energy with Energems. Each piece is only 15 calories and available in three delicious flavors: chocolate charge, mint fusion, and peanut butter blast. If you're a fan of chocolate, Energems is the product for you. Who wouldn't want the delicious flavor of chocolate to help enhance their energy, focus, and concentration.
<p> One serving equals three gems, so it's up to you on how many to take depending on what kind of energy boost you'll want. Energems is perfect for a college or graduate student who is up late finishing a paper or studying for a final. The boost will help them get through their work. Not to mention, it's ideal for getting through a long day of work, or maybe even cleaning or organizing your home.
<p> Let Energems into your life and in return you'll receive the energy needed to get through the long parts of life with ease!
<h> Wednesday, December 25, 2013
<p> Imagine going away on your next Caribbean vacation and having a wide selection of activities to choose from. Parasailing, snorkeling, horseback riding, or even a glass bottom boat tour! Surely there's many things that you and your family would enjoy doing together. Whatever you choose, make sure you have a ton of fun while doing it.
<p> Wow Excursions is a professional team that has been working with travelers, airlines, hotels, and cruise lines for more than 40 years. They certainly provide memorable experiences in Mexico to over 250,000 annual people from all over the world. The excursions are available to Playa Del Carmen, Cancun, and Riveria Maya. How does riding in the jungle on ATV's or visiting Chichen itza's ancient ruins sound? Maybe you'd rather swim with dolphins or visit Xcaret? There are so many activities that picking just a few could possibly be overwhelming at first! Don't worry, you can filter your choices by excursion type such as beach, water, entertainment, adventure, etc. Also, you can search by price, activity level, and duration so you'll be sure to find the excursion that fits your needs.
<p> Of course when you start planning your vacation, you have to start choosing activities to go along with it. I was fortunate enough to connect with Wow Excursions who generously offered my husband and I two excursions to do while on our trip. We chose riding ATV's in Cozumel and visiting Xcaret, an eco-park in Playa Del Carmen. Both activities were very diverse but still provided us with much entertainment.
<p> First on our schedule was the ATV's. I had never been on an ATV before and wasn't sure what to expect. I knew that it was very important to abide by all safety rules and regulations so you could have a safe experience. We were taken to a remote wooded area that was the ATV site. Once you got there, you were given a helmet and driving gloves if needed. We then watched a brief safety instructional video which also told you how to drive the ATV's. This was essential for me to watch because I had no idea how to operate an ATV. You could choose from an automatic or semi-automatic ATV, depending on your preference. Soon after that, our large group of about 19 was on their ATV's and we were ready to go!
<p> Vroom, here I go!
<p> The ATV was very simple to operate. The whole group rode one after the other, so it was easy to all stay together. You do have to be careful because if you don't control the gas well it's very easy to go fast and potentially get hurt. Make sure you always have a handle on it. It had rained for the past two days on the morning of our ride, so I knew it would be a muddy one. You go at a fun pace, but one that is not too fast. The ride was about an hour and 20 minutes. We rode through a lot of wet mud puddles that were very deep so it was kind of like driving in the ocean! Halfway through we stopped so our tour guide could hand us water, and also give us a brief history lesson on ancient Mayan culture. This was fitting after all as we were in the Riveria Maya. The ATV session went by quickly and soon it was over. We had a great time and would definitely ride ATV's again in the future!
<p> Later that week, we went to Xcaret which I was very excited and looking forward to. This is a majestic park by the sea that features unique activities where you have fun and discover the natural and cultural richness of Mexico. Xcaret boasts more than 30 attractions including swimming with dolphins, a butterfly pavilllion, coral reef aquarium, beaches where you can lay in the Caribbean sea on an inner tube, and much more. It's the perfect place for all ages and your children will absolutely love it. Don't forget to check out the fabulous Mexican cuisine spots for lunch. There's truly something to see with every step you take. I suggest getting there early in the morning to make a day of it so you can check out everything.
<p> Did I interrupt something?
<p> You stand so gracefully on one leg.
<p> We stepped into the park and were greeted by parrots and flamingos. I am a huge animal lover so I couldn't wait for our Xcaret adventure to begin. I really enjoyed the coral reef aquarium. There were so many things to see including many species of fish, jelly fish, sharks, starfish, stingrays and many other underwater creatures. There were placards displaying information about everything you were looking at. This makes it extremely educational for children and a perfect opportunity to teach them about animals.
<p> Hurry up and swim away before she takes our picture!
<p> ﻿
<p> I touched the starfish. It was very bumpy.
<p> We saw many other attractions during our visit including butterflies, turtles, an edible mushroom farm, and a Mayan village which was very interesting and informative.
<p> I enjoyed relaxing on an inner tube on the beach and sipping on a refreshing drink in the process. A very cool thing that my husband and I did was swim through an underground cave. We really loved that. It was a break from the sun and it was cool and dark in the caverns.
<p> Make sure you keep your map handy and check out the attraction signs so you'll be sure to see everything you desire. We really enjoyed our time at Xcaret and would highly recommend it to anyone who's planning a trip to Mexico in the future. You will not be disappointed.
<p> Please check out Wow Excursion's website to check out current money saving promos!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* A big thank you to Wow Excursions for providing us complimentary excursions in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Tuesday, December 24, 2013
<p> Imagine a place that combines a close beachfront location, a variety of delicious food at your fingertips, and spa treatments that will send you off into a blissful world of relaxation all in one. No, this is no joke. This establishment truly does exist. Everyone needs rest and rejuvenation especially around the holidays. The Royal is there to make all of your vacation dreams a reality.
<p> The Royal at Playa Del Carmen is an all-inclusive resort located in Playa Del Carmen, Mexico. For one fixed price, you're given access to unlimited food and drink (alcohol is included). There are many different restaurants serving different cuisines for everyone's taste preferences. The establishment boasts 513 extra spacious suites including a garden, ocean view, or ocean front room. You're just steps away from Playa Del Carmen's famed 5th avenue shopping district which offers hip night spots, trendy cafes, and wonderful shops. The beautifully maintained grounds feature many pools and rows and rows of inviting lounge chairs to hang out in. The beach is just feet away, which makes for an excellent day of fun in the sun. If you're looking to be pampered, why not sign up for spa treatments at the luxurious SPAzul? This is a world-class eco holistic Mayan-inspired full service spa with dual temperature jacuzzies, steam room, sauna, and a variety of out of this world treatments. If you're looking for the stay of a lifetime, the Royal is ready to welcome you today.
<p> My husband and I were offered the chance to review some treatments at the spa. When I was in the beginning stages of planning the review, I knew you couldn't go on a honeymoon and not go to a spa. It was just something that was practically required to do! When our spa day officially arrived I was very excited. What lady doesn't like a fabulous day of pampering? The Royal was only about a 5 minute walk from our hotel which was very convenient. When we arrived, I was blown away. The establishment was beautiful and relatively new. It was a spacious, open air facility that was built in 2005. The attention to detail was certainly evident in the construction of it. The center of the lobby features a great lounge area where you can relax and enjoy a beverage of your choice.
<p> The Royal's ready for Christmas!
<p> Can't you just imagine sipping a pina colada or frozen margarita and looking at this view? Heavenly!
<p> We met with Wally Dagri, the hotel's public relations manager. He gave my husband and I a tour of the facility and I quickly fell even more in love with it. I wished I was staying at the Royal! He offered us both a day pass which included use of the entire establishment and also any food and drinks we wanted. We were quickly whisked away to the spa, where I knew I was born to be. The spa features facials, massages, body wraps, manicures and pedicures, and much more. Anything you could possibly want from a spa is available. Robes and slippers were handed to us for us to change into for the ultimate spa experience. The spa locker rooms featured a jacuzzi, steam room, and sauna. There was cold refreshing water and iced tea to sip on and also dried fruits to munch on and enjoy. There were plenty of seating options to choose from to relax in. While the locker rooms were not co-ed, my husband and I were given a few minutes to enjoy the jacuzzi's while we waited for our first treatment to be ready. The spa ladies were very friendly and would check in with you to make sure you were okay, and to see if you needed anything.
<p> The inside of the locker room. I wish I was in the jacuzzi right now!
<p> We were finally ready for our massage. The 50 minute massage was a couple's one and we were together in the same room for it. The lights were dimmed, candles lit, and the relaxation started. My masseuse was wonderful. The pressure was not too rough at all, but perfectly enjoyable. I don't like very hard strokes when receiving a massage. I could feel all of my tension and stress just melt away. Both masseuses checked in with us throughout the treatment to make sure it was to our liking. My husband enjoyed his massage immensely. It was over far too quickly and I wished for just another 5 minutes!
<p> Let the healing and cleansing begin!
<p> Afterwards, the staff wanted to take us into a temazcal, which is a a type of sweat lodge. It has cleansing and healing properties that take affect as the heat inside steadily rises. This experience was very new for me, but I like holistic therapy so I was interested to try it. My only concern was that I wouldn't be able to bear 100+ degree heat for 80 minutes. We were told that we could take a break if needed, or if we couldn't handle the heat, it was no problem. Water was provided which would certainly be needed. Unfortunately, the temazcal was not working as normal and it wasn't getting as hot as it should. We were told that we should get lunch and then check back in about an hour or so while they fix it.
<p> We went to Pelicanos which is a Caribbean fusion restaurant. I had seafood, while my husband had steak. Drinks and dessert were mandatory. We had a mojito and a frozen margarita, and shared a piece of cheesecake. Everything was extremely tasty and very fresh. The menu also had a lot of options to choose from too.
<p> We checked back with the temazcal soon after and learned that it still wasn't operating as normal. In lieu of continuing our service with it, we were offered another spa treatment instead. I thought a facial for both of us sounded fantastic. My husband had never had one before and I knew he would absolutely love it. A facial is the best thing you can do for your skin.
<p> The facial was absolutely wonderful. The lights were dimmed and soothing music was played. Our estheticians were very knowledgeable about their craft and gave us helpful tips on improving our skin quality. They told us what they were doing throughout the treatment and made sure we were comfortable. Afterwards, my husband was completely in love with the facial and wondered how he had never had one before. My skin felt revived, rejuvenated, and extremely soft. Let me tell you that days later my skin still looked and felt amazing. How's that for an excellent treatment?
<p> Our spa day was absolutely fantastic and we enjoyed every second of it. If you're planning a future trip to Mexico, I highly recommend staying at The Royal. You will have a stay of a lifetime.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* My husband and I were provided complimentary services and use of the establishment in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, December 18, 2013
<p> Mexico has been really fun so far. We've seen Mayan ruins, had a spa day, and yesterday we swam with dolphins! Today we are doing ATV's. How is everyone doing? Christmas is almost here! Are you all done with your holiday shopping?
<h> Wednesday, December 11, 2013
<p> I'll be on my honeymoon in Mexico from Dec 13-23rd! I won't be posting any new reviews/giveaway during this time. I will be active on my facebook fan page from time to time, and of course answering emails.
<h> Monday, December 9, 2013
<p> The holidays are now in full force. Christmas is just around the corner, believe it or not. Many families will be traveling with small children this holiday season. Whether you're driving to Grandma's house or flying to see cousins, it's important that you keep children entertained. Did you know that Netflix can travel with you? There's always room for fun in your suitcase. Netflix is accessible on smartphones and tablets so bringing your child's favorite TV show and movie to any destination is now possible.
<p> The best part about the holidays are the classic movies and television shows that are shown every year. Just download the Netflix app on your smartphone or tablet and start streaming anytime, anywhere on wifi, 3G, or 4G. Now's the perfect time to introduce your children to such timeless choices such as Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales or The Nightmare Before Christmas.
<p> Netflix has ﻿compiled a list of television shows and movies prepared to delight your child and transport them to planet Christmas.
<p> Television Shows:
<p> 1. Mickey's Magical Christmas
<p> 2. Power Rangers Super Samuari: Stuck on Christmas
<p> 3. Super WHY: Twas the Night Before Christmas
<p> 4. Lady Gaga and The Muppets Holiday Spectacular
<p> 5. DreamWorks Holiday Classics
<p> 6. Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales
<p> 7. I Want a Dog for Christmas: Charlie Brown
<p> 8. Thomas &amp; Friends: Ultimate Christmas
<p> 9. Kung Fu Panda: Holiday
<p> 10. Phineas &amp; Ferb: Christmas Vacation
<p> 11. Veggie Tales: A Story of Joyful Giving
<p> Movies:
<p> 1. The Polar Express
<p> 2. The Nightmare Before Christmas
<p> 3. Jingle All the Way
<p> 4. Little Brother, Big Trouble
<p> 5. The Search for Santa Paws
<p> 6. Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups
<p> As you can see, there are diverse selections for children of all ages. Why not make some memories of your own by snuggling up with the kids with a holiday movie and some hot chocolate while on-the-go this holiday season?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am being compensated as a member of Netflix's Stream Team. This is my third post and all thoughts are my own.
<p> The holidays are upon us. We're constantly scouring the internet and our local retail stores for the best deals for presents.
<p> One way I bet you didn't realize you could save money is by shopping for your energy provider. It's time to stop paying that high bill each month and lower it for good. Choose Energy allows you to pay a cheaper energy rate for your home or business. Simply log onto the website and type in your zipcode to compare electricity rates to save big bucks. When I saw the rates for my area, I was very impressed. I'm sure I could save money by switching providers. The best part is that you can save up to 25% by switching, and Choose Energy does the hard work for you by making the switch.
<p> It takes less than 10 minutes to make the switch that will make your wallet happy. Instead of spending an unnecessary amount each month, why not save that money towards a new vacation or item you've been wanting?
<p> Why not head on over to Choose Energy today and let them help you keep that money in your pocket?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post written for Bloggy Moms. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Saturday, December 7, 2013
<p> Soothie Massager would like to thank everyone who participated in one of their most popular giveaways ever!
<p> In celebration of this, they'd like to offer my readers a 25% off coupon code. Please use code SAMMISMILE to receive 25% off at checkout. This would make an excellent Christmas present! Free shipping is an added bonus. Offer good until 12/17.
<p> The holidays can be a stressful time for most. You're running around buying gifts, planning holiday meals, entertaining friends and family, and just constantly on the go. Some dread the chaos of the holidays and are happy when it's all over. It's important to make some time to for yourself to de-stress and relax, even if just for a short period of time.
<p> Soothie Massager offers a heatable massager made from a custom-designed, high density polymer that contains the ideal moisture content to be heated safely in a microwave. The product applies soothing heat and pressure directly to tight muscles and painful knots. Just lean into any wall and feel your aches and pains disappear in a flash. The Soothie Massager offers a full body massage starting from your head and ending at your toes. The heat will provide a more enjoyable massage. Can't you just imagine coming home from a long day at work and massaging away all tension in your body? You'll feel rejuvenated and ready to tackle a new day! The best part is that you don't even have to leave your home for a fabulous massage.
