<h> Sunday, January 12, 2014
<p> Pizza is certainly one of my favorite foods, and I could eat it many times a week if given the opportunity. The wonderful thing about pizza is how versatile it is. You can take a standard pizza dough recipe and create many different flavors and tastes. How about bacon and sausage, or just margherita? Maybe you'd prefer pepperoni and onion? Next time you have friends or family over, why not have a pizza party and make your own crowd-pleasing pizzas to delight their taste buds with?
<p> The New Wave Stone Bake Pizza Oven will open up a whole new world to pizza and foodie lovers. This small appliance allows you to cook up to a 12" frozen pizza in 5 minutes or a fresh pizza in approximately 10 minutes. The pizza oven features broil and bake cooking options for customized cooking. I know you might be thinking "why can't I just cook the frozen pizza in my oven like I'm used to?" Well, you can, but cooking a frozen pizza on a pizza stone completely transforms the taste of it. The crust comes out perfectly crispy each and every time. The stone cooks in a way that your oven can't.
<p> It's time to stop wasting money on pizza deliveries when you can now make your own homemade pizza that's absolutely delicious. A recipe book is included that gives you ideas on other things you can use the oven for like garlic bread. This is a perfect gift for a friend or family member who loves to cook.
<p> Pizza, you have a date with my mouth in 5 minutes. It's time to get ready.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive my own New Wave Stone Bake Pizza Oven to review, and I was beyond excited to try it. My husband and I love pizza nights, and this will certainly revolutionize our pizza enjoyment. I got to thinking, what kind of pizza should I make first? Thoughts of marinara and cheese danced through my head. I've recently been on a bacon and sausage kick, so I knew I had to satisfy my cravings and go with that choice. The oven is very compact and fits on your counter top without taking up too much room. It's a very sleek looking appliance and is certainly worthy of being left out at all times. You never know when the urge to make pizza will strike.
<p> Before you use the oven, you have to let it run for 10 minutes to preseason and clean the stone. I don't eat frozen pizzas, so I used the dough recipe that came with it. It was very simple and easy to follow and in no time I had a 12" pizza dough on my counter top ready to be transformed into something outstanding. I spread a generous amount of marinara sauce on it, and added some chopped up bacon and perfectly cooked sausage to it.
<p> Next, I sprinkled a couple of handfuls of mozzarella cheese on top. This pizza was ready to cook! I have to say that it cooked extremely fast. In just a matter of moments, it was finished and I was amazed. It came out looking so beautiful it almost brought a tear to my eye. Make sure you use an oven mitt when removing the pizza, because the outside of the oven gets extremely hot. The crust was wonderfully thin and crispy, and the cheese was bubbling to perfection.
<p> I did take a picture of it, but for some reason I can't find it on my camera. It was so beyond delicious. This was actually my first time making my own pizza and I was very impressed with myself. The bacon was perfectly cooked and crispy and complimented the sausage well. The cheese was melty and the marinara sauce had a ton of flavor, my taste buds were doing cartwheels out of sheer happiness. My husband absolutely loved it and asked me when could I make another pizza soon?
<p> The pizza stone is not removable to clean, but is easy to wipe down to clean for your next use. I'm not sure I can resist the temptation of not making another pizza soon. I can try, but it won't be easy!
<p> If you're looking for a new small kitchen appliance that will add an extra kick of deliciousness to your family's pizza nights, I highly recommend the New Wave Stone Bake Pizza Oven. Your countertop will love you forever.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary pizza oven in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, January 9, 2014
<p> Do you constantly struggle to know what to buy friends or family for their birthdays? It is difficult when someone isn't easy to buy for, or doesn't give you many hints of what gift they would like. Instead of that requisite bottle of wine or flower delivery, why not send them something they will truly love this year? Giftly does all of the hard work for you.
<p> Giftly is an alternative gift card website chock full of many options to choose from. All you do is choose the amount you want to spend, then you select what kind of Giftly you'd like. How about a mani-pedi at any nail salon, coffee at any coffee shop, dinner at any restaurant, movies at any theatre, or even champagne at any restaurant? Of course that's just the beginning of all of the Giftly options! As you can see, there's a nice selection for you to consider. After you decide, you then can send the Giftly via email, text, print-out, or a high quality greeting card in the mail. If you choose to send it via email, you can choose the color theme of the Giftly as well as write a personalized note.
<p> Once the recipient receives the Giftly, they can then enter in the code from their Giftly to redeem it. They can receive the funds to their debit card, credit card, or PayPal account. I think this is more convenient than a physical gift card, because you're less likely to lose the money once it's on your account. You can forget about a giftcard, lose it, or even let it accidentally expire.
<p> If Mom's birthday is coming up, why not treat her to a Giftly to her favorite French restaurant? Maybe your sister would love a movies Giftly to see the new flick that she's been dying to see. However way you look at it, Giftly will make any recipient happy.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post on behalf of Giftly. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, January 8, 2014
<p> Like many ladies do, I own a lot of cosmetic and skin care products. My beauty routine is complex and one that I routinely partake in every morning and night. It's important to take care of your skin well as you only have one face. Why not keep it looking its best as long as possible? I frequently like to try new products and find new favorites that provide me with the results I'm looking for.
<p> Sjal Skincare is a Swedish luxury lifestyle skincare line that merges a holistic approach with scientific advances, thus creating simple and effective products that are truly universal. The line connects ancient eastern medicines with the latest in western biotechnology, infused with bio-osmotic energy through precious minerals and gemstones. Their products range from deep pore cleansers and toners to crèmes and perfecting masks. The products provide visible results which will make you a loyal fan instantly. If you're looking for the perfect birthday present for a friend or family member, why not gift them a Sjal gift set? Their skin will thank you.
<p> I was generously sent a Kashmir Saphir gift set. The set features a concentrated face oil, perfecting mask, and intense hydration crème. Everything comes neatly organized in a white zippered pouch which can easily be reused as a makeup bag.
<p> My skin can't wait to meet you, Sjal.
<p> First off, I really liked how small the products were. Not to say I don't love full-sized products, but it's nice when the item is small and can easily fit in a cabinet or medicine cabinet.
<p> I used the concentrated face oil initially before trying anything else. This is a "liquid silk" treatment blend of rare essential oils and an ant-aging bioactive complex designed to visibly diminish the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. As an added bonus, it increases skin elasticity while plumping and revitalizing skin. I've been using this oil for many weeks now. I have some crow's feet and lines under my eyes. I apply a few drops of oil in the morning and at night. The oil is easy to apply and I don't have any pain or discomfort from it. It has a clean, pleasant scent. The results are noticeable and I really do believe my lines have diminished! It would be nice if they went away completely, too. Here's to hoping, though.
<p> The perfecting mask is a favorite of mine and I tend to use it twice a week or so before bed. It's a restorative, firming and pore-minimizing mask which is right up my alley. The treatment protects, softens, and evens skin tone while increasing oxygen uptake. As soon as I put this mask on, I feel like I'm doing something excellent for my skin. You leave it on for 15 minutes or so, and then rinse thoroughly with water. My skin instantly looks absolutely radiant and revived. I notice a brightness and glow. One of the best things about this mask is that it firms and softens skin all in one. If you're looking for a quick skin boost, I highly recommend this mask.
<p> If your skin is looking dry, why not give it the moisture that it craves? I suffer from dry skin. It's pesky and annoying, and it's something I've always had. I'm constantly searching for a product that will leave that dryness at bay. When I stumbled upon the intense hydration crème, I hoped it would be a lifesaver, or skinsaver if you will. This is deep hydration crème that aids in repair of dry, damaged, dehydrated or mature skin. This multi-tasking formula contains complexes to reduce hyper-pigmentation, rosacea, and broken capillaries while targeting wrinkles, tone, and elasticity.
<p> This was certainly what my skin needed. I apply this twice a day, once in the morning and once before bed. I target my cheeks and forehead. These areas are the driest. When I apply the crème at night, I massage it in well so it has time to work its magic overnight. In the morning my skin looks healthier and less dry and damaged. I use it in the morning as a moisturizer so it keeps my face hydrated all day. I do notice the results and my face feels healthier and revived.
<p> Overall, I'm very impressed with these products and have been including them in my beauty regimen. I recommend them especially if you're in the market for a quality skincare brand.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received complimentary items in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, January 6, 2014
<p> It's here. You know what I'm talking about. Sickness. That dreaded time of year where everyone seems to have some form of flu or cold. It's definitely not a pleasant few months for parents and kids alike. It's essential that we kick flu season to the curb this year and feel better quickly!
<p> Netflix knows that besides chicken noodle soup, laughter is the best medicine for a sick day. When the kiddies are home from school, they will enjoy nothing more than laying in bed watching their favorite Netflix shows or movies. Netflix has compiled a list of hilarious titles that will turn sniffles into giggles. They've also showcased a few episodes featuring under-the-weather characters, which shows your little ones they're not the only ones who catch the occasional cold or have to visit the doctor.
<p> Movies that will help you feel better in no time:
<p> 1. Daddy Day Care
<p> 2. Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves
<p> 3. Hoodwinked Too!
<p> 4. Escape From Planet Earth
<p> 5. The Croods (Coming to Netflix 1/29!)
<p> 6. Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2
<p> 7. Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3
<p> Put on any of these shows on and show those germs who's boss:
<p> 1. Magic School Bus: Inside Ralphie
<p> 2. Sesame Street: The Ten Commandments of Health
<p> 3. The Adventures of Chuck &amp; Friends: The Checkup
<p> 4. Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood: Daniel Visits The Doctor
<p> 5. Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood: Daniel Gets a Shot
<p> Give your child a warm mug of chamomile tea, some cough drops, and full access to the TV remote. They will certainly feel better in no time. Not to mention they will love having some one on one tube time.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am being compensated as a member of Netflix's Stream Team. All thoughts are my own.
<p> After suffering a long chronic illness over a six-year period, Amy was up over 95 pounds, overweight, and miserable. After speaking with a counselor and a friend, Amy joined Weight Watchers in 2002, and never looked back.49 lb Down At 239 pounds Amy was both ready and excited to lose the extra weight. She set a goal for herself to lose 70 pounds. As she worked towards her weight loss goal, Amy began learning healthy portion sizes, completely different from what she had been eating or even thought were appropriate portions. She also reintroduced herself to fruits and veggies, foods she didn’t much care for before but was learning to love. With Weight Watchers she was able to receive the support she needed through weekly meetings and build lasting friendships with others working toward their weight loss goals.70 lb Down By the end of March 2003 Amy had lost almost 49 pounds and her confidence and self-worth were growing. As an artist she enjoyed drawing in public places like parks more, not feeling the need to hide herself and her weight from others. Amy continued working towards a lighter figure.
<p> As August quickly approached, just 11 months after joining Weight Watchers, Amy had reached her goal weight of 169 pounds. She had lost the 70 pounds she originally sought out to and was beyond pleased with her results. After reaching her goal she decided to continue with the Weight Watchers program and work to lose more weight. This time though there was no rush, she decided to continue to lose weight slowly. Amy figured it would be nice to lose just five pounds more. After she lost that five pounds, she decided to work to lose another five pounds.
<p> Amy encourages others to look past the scale, focus on yourself, and make healthy choices one day at a time. “If I can do it so can you” says Amy. Learn about the Weight Watchers plan and see what others have experienced. If you want to give it a try, use the promotion codes from Weightlostriumph.com. Take it one step at a time—slow and easy.84.4 lb Down Amy continued to lose weight. By Christmas she had lost a total of 84.4 pounds and by April 2004 she was down a total of 89 pounds. At this point she had created a new personal goal for herself. She was going to lose 100 pounds. A large task for any dieter.100 lb Down As she worked toward her newest weight loss goal Amy was realizing the importance of all the different aspects of the Weight Watchers program. She attended meetings for support, counted points, ate all her fruits and veggies, took a multi vitamin each and every day, and drank an average of 125 ounces of water per day. Each of these aspects are now a part of her every day routine, and continue to be.
<p> By August of 2004, Amy had reached her ultimate goal! She had lost 100.8 pounds and now weighed 138.2 pounds. The two words Amy would use to describe herself would be ‘fit’ and ‘strong’, two totally different words than she would have chosen when she first began her weight loss journey.
<h> Saturday, January 4, 2014
<p> Everyone needs a little bit of encouragement now and then, and who better to encourage you than the people that understand your pain. Blogging is the 21st century, public version of journaling. It’s a bit like making conversation, but with a much wider audience. Sharing your struggles and hearing other people’s feedback can really help you get through your diet.
<p> It helps when you realize that you are not alone in your struggle and that there are others out there that understand what you are going through. Nutrisystem has a very strong globalized support group system in the form of an online community. In addition, hundreds of independent bloggers share their tips, experiences, and ideas about this diet plan. Among them, Shari, Jen, and Susie stand out.Shari Auldridge Shari created her little blog with the goal to encourage Nutrisystem users. It’s her personal journey from 156 lb to 135 lb in 11 months. From Day 1 when the first Nutrisystem food package arrived she documents her weight loss journey in the form of a diary. She reviews the meals she eats, how filling the food is, how it tastes, what she eats for snack, how she likes the desserts, what salads she made, and much more. Plenty of photos describe vividly her Nutrisystem progress.
<p> Maybe if you just relax Meet Jen. She has been through most of our worst fears. She met the love of her life and got married, only to find out that between the two of them, making a baby was going to be impossible. After many treatments, she had her first child. Reading about her life and how she handled the trials she went through will have you laughing and crying at the same time. You cannot help but laugh at her wit and writing style, but you cannot hold back the tears because it takes a very strong woman to go through what she did and retain your sanity. If anyone can cheer you up on a lousy day, it’s Jen.
<p> She was on Nutrisystem for 14 weeks and lost 18 lb. By reading her articles you will certainly get insight about Nutrisystem and if it could work for you too. It took Jen some time to adjust her lifestyle around this meal delivery diet. She has now totally mastered Nutrisystem. “Thinking about snack options while shopping just comes natural”, she writes. She has cleared her kitchen’s shelves and everything has a spot. She knows what foods she likes because she has tried all of them!
<p> Nutrisystem has given Jen a kick-start to weight loss and a healthier life, which is why she recommends it to everyone. Of course, Jen works out intensely for 30 minutes at least 3 days a week and this has accelerated her weight loss. Olivia, her 4 year old daughter, often jumps in and does the moves with her mother. If you are wondering why her blog is all about Nutrisystem, all the time, she explains: “…aside from my kids, this weight loss and exercise program is my life.”
<p> Weight Loss Triumph This is a great blog for people that are on the cusp of deciding what diet plan they want to follow. It has a lot of interesting information on various programs, with scathingly honest analysis of where they fail and where they triumph. It also has feature writers that flood the site with interesting information on health and nutrition.
<p> Aileen Myer’s blog posts are specifically interesting because she runs a boot camp as a full time job, so she has many great insights on exercise routines. In addition to this, Weightlosstriumph.com has discount codes for Nutrisystem.Stomach RumblingsSusie’s blog is the ideal place for newbies to go for comfort. She specifically focuses on issues that new dieters face and tries to guide them. Susie has lost 90lbs and has spent a long and hard year doing it. Reading her blog is both inspiring and daunting, because she is brutally honest about the tribulations that one faces when trying to go through with such a massive lifestyle change. Susie has posted many delicious recipes. Do you love lasagna? Need a Chinese food fix? Crave a crunchy, gooey dessert? You will find the information to make it here.
<p> One thing that you will find very useful in Susie’s blog is a list of over 100 Nutrisystem meals reviewed personally by her. “How the food tastes” is one of the most important things people want to know before they join a meal delivery diet. Susie does a great job reviewing each meal in detail with photos. From the Apple Granola Bar, that tasted dry and crumbly, to the Sloppy Joe Mix with pasta, that was like “OMG, this is diet food?” being so rich, cheesy, and delicious, you will get a good idea about Nutrisystem food.
<h> Friday, January 3, 2014
<p> What I've noticed in recent years is that there's been a clear style upgrade with baby items. Gone are the days of simple blue or pink receiving blankets. Now you have crib bedding for baby featuring sweet polkadots, stylish chevron, or even adorable bumble bees. Not to mention bright colors and fun patterns on a multitude of products for baby. If you have a newborn baby or are expecting soon, why not provide a stylish introduction into the world for your child?
<p> The Pink Polka Dot Boutique is an Etsy shop ran by owner Christine. She sells many baby items including crib sheets, boppy covers, burp cloths and sets, bibs, changing pad covers and more. All of her items are handmade. Sewing is a big passion of Christine's, and you can see her talent and perfect stitching in any item you buy. There are many styles, colors, and prints to suit anyone's tastes. She has many money saving promotions going on right now, be sure to check out her shop to find the promo codes. If you're looking for a baby gift, look no further than The Pink Polka Dot Boutique.
<p> All mom's who nurse their babies know that a nursing pillow is very important. You can rest baby on a comfortable Boppy pillow for support and it makes nursing more convenient. Your boppy or other nursing pillow only comes with the color or pattern you buy it with. Wouldn't it be fun to constantly change the cover? Christine makes fabulous nursing pillow covers that fit a Boppy or any other standard nursing pillow. Depending on your choice, cotton or minky is available. You can even request a custom order if you have a certain style in mind that is not currently available in her shop.
<p> Here are some pillow covers that are currently in her shop:
<p> How precious are these? There are over 138 cotton covers for baby girls or boys in Christine's shop. You're bound to find a print or style you like! There is no zipper or button on this pillow cover, it is a simply a slipcover. There is an opening on the bottom where the pillow slips in. Your baby will love to be supported on a comfortable pillow, and you'll enjoy the adorable slipcover too!
<h> Thursday, January 2, 2014
<p> It's a new year, which means new goals and resolutions. If diet and exercise are part of your resolutions for the new year, then listen up! I have some great recipes for you that are low in fat and calories, but big on taste. I bet you didn't think you could use French's mustard in some of these dishes, did you?
<p> FLORIBBEAN SHRIMP SALAD
<p> Serve the shrimp salad in martini glasses for an elegant presentation.
<p> Prep Time: 15 min. Cook Time: about 3 min. Chill Time: 30 min.
<p> 1 1/2 lbs. large shrimp, peeled and deveined
<p> 3 Tbsp. light lime vinaigrette
<p> 3 Tbsp. FRENCH'S® Honey Dijon Mustard
<p> 3 Tbsp. plain nonfat yogurt
<p> 1 large mango, peeled and diced (1 1/2 cups)
<p> 1 medium, red bell pepper, diced
<p> 1 medium, Haas avocado, peeled, pitted and diced
<p> 1 (5 oz.) pkg. mixed salad greens
<p> 1. COOK shrimp in boiling water to cover about 3 min. until shrimp turn pink. Drain and cool.
<h> Tuesday, December 31, 2013
<p> Attention all moms! Are you currently shopping for a new jogging stroller that will allow you to stay active while your child sees the town? If you're seeking a reliable stroller that won't break the bank but still looks attractive, I have some ideal choices for you!
<p> Pish Posh Baby is the headquarters for all baby supplies from cribs and bedding to car seats and high chairs. They have recently put all of their 2013 jogging strollers on clearance! This is a great opportunity for you to save some money on that new stroller you've been looking for. They have many makes, models, and colors to suit anyone's taste.
<p> Even though I'm not yet a mom, I know how essential a stroller is especially for the first year or two of a child's life.
<p> If you want a standard jogging stroller, how about the Baby Jogger City Mini GT 2014 stroller? It will certainly let baby ride in style while you get a run in.
<p> Need a sturdy stroller? The Baby Jogger City Mini GT 2014 has reinforced wheels, is light, easy to fold &amp; push, has a large sunshade, &amp; underseat basket.
<p> If you want something with more color and features, why not take a look at the rest of the strollers on sale? You'll surely find the perfect stroller for you and baby!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post that I received compensation for. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Sunday, December 29, 2013
<p> The holidays will be over in a blink of an eye. As you look around your house, you may see a lot of work ahead of you. You'll need to take down your Christmas tree, put the ornaments away, and any seasonal decorations too. You may also need to prep food for your upcoming New Year's Eve party. Wouldn't it be nice to receive the burst of energy you need to get everything accomplished?
<p> Energems is a delicious energy product made with real milk chocolate. Energems are a bite-sized, hard-coated gems made to put an extra pep in your holiday step. These round circles of energy contain a special blend of B-vitamins, chocolate, and caffeine. Each convenient, portable box allows you to control when, where, and how much energy you need for the perfect pick-me-up each and every time. Throw them in your purse or luggage for on-the-go traveling.
<p> While some energy drinks and supplements have many calories, you can receive guilt free energy with Energems. Each piece is only 15 calories and available in three delicious flavors: chocolate charge, mint fusion, and peanut butter blast. If you're a fan of chocolate, Energems is the product for you. Who wouldn't want the delicious flavor of chocolate to help enhance their energy, focus, and concentration.
<p> One serving equals three gems, so it's up to you on how many to take depending on what kind of energy boost you'll want. Energems is perfect for a college or graduate student who is up late finishing a paper or studying for a final. The boost will help them get through their work. Not to mention, it's ideal for getting through a long day of work, or maybe even cleaning or organizing your home.
<p> Let Energems into your life and in return you'll receive the energy needed to get through the long parts of life with ease!
<h> Wednesday, December 25, 2013
<p> Imagine going away on your next Caribbean vacation and having a wide selection of activities to choose from. Parasailing, snorkeling, horseback riding, or even a glass bottom boat tour! Surely there's many things that you and your family would enjoy doing together. Whatever you choose, make sure you have a ton of fun while doing it.
<p> Wow Excursions is a professional team that has been working with travelers, airlines, hotels, and cruise lines for more than 40 years. They certainly provide memorable experiences in Mexico to over 250,000 annual people from all over the world. The excursions are available to Playa Del Carmen, Cancun, and Riveria Maya. How does riding in the jungle on ATV's or visiting Chichen itza's ancient ruins sound? Maybe you'd rather swim with dolphins or visit Xcaret? There are so many activities that picking just a few could possibly be overwhelming at first! Don't worry, you can filter your choices by excursion type such as beach, water, entertainment, adventure, etc. Also, you can search by price, activity level, and duration so you'll be sure to find the excursion that fits your needs.
<p> Of course when you start planning your vacation, you have to start choosing activities to go along with it. I was fortunate enough to connect with Wow Excursions who generously offered my husband and I two excursions to do while on our trip. We chose riding ATV's in Cozumel and visiting Xcaret, an eco-park in Playa Del Carmen. Both activities were very diverse but still provided us with much entertainment.
<p> First on our schedule was the ATV's. I had never been on an ATV before and wasn't sure what to expect. I knew that it was very important to abide by all safety rules and regulations so you could have a safe experience. We were taken to a remote wooded area that was the ATV site. Once you got there, you were given a helmet and driving gloves if needed. We then watched a brief safety instructional video which also told you how to drive the ATV's. This was essential for me to watch because I had no idea how to operate an ATV. You could choose from an automatic or semi-automatic ATV, depending on your preference. Soon after that, our large group of about 19 was on their ATV's and we were ready to go!
<p> Vroom, here I go!
<p> The ATV was very simple to operate. The whole group rode one after the other, so it was easy to all stay together. You do have to be careful because if you don't control the gas well it's very easy to go fast and potentially get hurt. Make sure you always have a handle on it. It had rained for the past two days on the morning of our ride, so I knew it would be a muddy one. You go at a fun pace, but one that is not too fast. The ride was about an hour and 20 minutes. We rode through a lot of wet mud puddles that were very deep so it was kind of like driving in the ocean! Halfway through we stopped so our tour guide could hand us water, and also give us a brief history lesson on ancient Mayan culture. This was fitting after all as we were in the Riveria Maya. The ATV session went by quickly and soon it was over. We had a great time and would definitely ride ATV's again in the future!
<p> Later that week, we went to Xcaret which I was very excited and looking forward to. This is a majestic park by the sea that features unique activities where you have fun and discover the natural and cultural richness of Mexico. Xcaret boasts more than 30 attractions including swimming with dolphins, a butterfly pavilllion, coral reef aquarium, beaches where you can lay in the Caribbean sea on an inner tube, and much more. It's the perfect place for all ages and your children will absolutely love it. Don't forget to check out the fabulous Mexican cuisine spots for lunch. There's truly something to see with every step you take. I suggest getting there early in the morning to make a day of it so you can check out everything.
<p> Did I interrupt something?
<p> You stand so gracefully on one leg.
<p> We stepped into the park and were greeted by parrots and flamingos. I am a huge animal lover so I couldn't wait for our Xcaret adventure to begin. I really enjoyed the coral reef aquarium. There were so many things to see including many species of fish, jelly fish, sharks, starfish, stingrays and many other underwater creatures. There were placards displaying information about everything you were looking at. This makes it extremely educational for children and a perfect opportunity to teach them about animals.
<p> Hurry up and swim away before she takes our picture!
<p> ﻿
<p> I touched the starfish. It was very bumpy.
<p> We saw many other attractions during our visit including butterflies, turtles, an edible mushroom farm, and a Mayan village which was very interesting and informative.
<p> I enjoyed relaxing on an inner tube on the beach and sipping on a refreshing drink in the process. A very cool thing that my husband and I did was swim through an underground cave. We really loved that. It was a break from the sun and it was cool and dark in the caverns.
<p> Make sure you keep your map handy and check out the attraction signs so you'll be sure to see everything you desire. We really enjoyed our time at Xcaret and would highly recommend it to anyone who's planning a trip to Mexico in the future. You will not be disappointed.
<p> Please check out Wow Excursion's website to check out current money saving promos!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* A big thank you to Wow Excursions for providing us complimentary excursions in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
