<h> Wednesday, May 8, 2013
<p> Scarves are the perfect accessory for dressing up any outfit. In the winter they look wonderful with your coat and boots, but can be worn all year round too What I love most about these flowy pieces is that they come in so many different colors and styles that would make anybody happy.
<p> Fair Trade Designs offers fabulous pieces that come from wholesalers who are either members of the Fair Trade Federation or who strictly adhere to fair trade policies. There are a variety of items offered on the website such as jewelry, purses, stationery, home accents and more. There is truly something for everyone's taste and style. I had a lot of fun browsing the website and looking at all of the beautiful hand crafted designs. Anything from Fair Trade Designs would make a wonderful gift.
<p> If you're looking for a new scarf, you're in luck! I have the perfect one for you to add to your collection.
<p> This intricately ruffled and pleated silk scarf evokes the rolling waves of the sea. Handwoven of cruelty-free silk, this incomparable scarf comes from a small fair trade women's cooperative in India.
<p> I love the gorgeous deep blue color. It does remind you of the sea and the color is very calming. Can't you just imagine pairing this with a cute top and your favorite jeans? You'll surely be styling. One lucky winner should get ready to look fabulous because they'll win this Ocean Waves Silk Scarf!
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<h> Tuesday, May 7, 2013
<p> Flowers and plants are two things that always make me smile. A beautiful bouquet of flowers or a pretty potted plant can definitely light up a room and make people happy. They are the main subjects I like to photograph. I welcome any opportunity to add a new plant to my house.
<p> The Soothing Company offers thousands of soothing products for your home and garden. If you're looking for outdoor water fountains to bonsai trees or even outdoor wall art, they have you covered. I had a lot of fun browsing the site and seeing everything offered. There were many unique items that I would love to own! If you're looking to buy a gift for a friend or relative, the Soothing Company is the perfect place to do so.
<p> I was offered the chance to review a Bonsai tree, which I was thrilled about. I've never owned a Bonsai tree before but I truly love the way they look. I was excited that this tree was an indoor one because I live in an apartment and don't have a backyard.
<p> Hello, Bonsai!
<p> The tree is positively adorable. It's small stature is perfect for my apartment. I put it on my window sill so it can have one on one time with the sun. The leaves are a lush dark green and the roots and branches are a woody darkened color. There are beautiful white flowers that are to bloom on the tree between March and June. So far the flowers haven't bloomed yet, but I can't wait!. The tree is very healthy and I've been taking good care of it. There is a wonderful smell that emits from the tree that I stop and smell every morning. I've loved having the Bonsai tree so far and it makes me very happy. I would like to have another one so this one has a friend.
<p> If you're attending a housewarming party in the near future, a bonsai tree would make the perfect gift. Why not treat yourself to one too? You will love it.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* The Soothing Company provided me with this complimentary Bonsai tree in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. ﻿
<h> Sunday, May 5, 2013
<p> With Mother's Day approaching, I wanted to do something nice for my mom. She's always there to help me out and listen to my problems, so it's only natural for me to want to give her a fantastic gift. She loves chocolate and fruit, so why not combine the two and blow her mind with FruitFlowers?
<p> FruitFlowers combines everyone's love of chocolate, flowers, and delicious fruit in one fantastic package. The end result is a beautiful assortment of fruit shaped flowers! Whether you choose a chocolate dipped assortment or just plain fruit arrangement is up to you. The fruit is fresh, of high quality, incredibly sweet and full of fantastic juicy fruit flavor. The arrangements are stunning and will make you smile the second you see them. The fruit varies from each basket but the main fruits used are pineapples, melons, grapes and strawberries. There are locations for FruitFlowers in various states in the US. Of course there are certain themed baskets for major holidays, birthdays, or just any occasion too. They make fantastic hostess gifts and housewarming presents too. Whatever you do though, make sure that you included some chocolate dipped fruit in the basket. :)
<p> I had the fantastic opportunity of reviewing a FruitFlowers product last year and I still dream about how incredible it was. I knew I had to do another review this year. I was very excited to have another opportunity to work with them.
<p> Just one day after initially speaking, the FruitFlowers showed up and they were positively stunning. I received the Her Blooming Bouquet assortment. It was wrapped with care and dedication. As soon as my mom saw it, she had a huge smile.
<p> A ceramic purse gift filled with delicious fruit. An edible fruit bouquet arranged in a beautiful floral design to please every woman.
<p> This assortment is so beautiful and very large! I wish I had the skill to make fruit look like flowers, what a wonderful talent. The bouquet is in a ceramic purse which could be re-used as a cute planter afterwards. The flowers are all very fresh and have beautiful, bright hues.
<p> My mom loved how the strawberries were cut to look like tulips, and fawned over the flower shaped pineapple too. The strawberries were sweet and plump and the pineapple was very fresh and luscious too. The chocolate strawberries received a 10 as given by the taste bud judges. The chocolate was sweet and full of fantastic rich flavor. You can never go wrong with chocolate dipped anything though!
<p> Each bite of fruit was perfectly juicy and fantastic, and she liked the different variety of fruit instead of just having all of the same type. My mom said it was the perfect midday snack! She was very satisfied with the bouquet and would definitely order Fruit Flowers for any upcoming event or occasion that called for it.
<p> If you're looking to treat your mom this Mother's Day, please turn to FruitFlowers to help make Mom's day memorable. Find locations here.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to FruitFlowers for the complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> What I love about olive oil is that it's so versatile. You can swirl it around in your pan to cook meat or fish with, dip bread into it, drizzle it on pasta, and even use it as a salad dressing too. The light and delicate flavor is unbeatable and makes so many dishes taste great. I think I'll be cooking dinner with olive oil tonight!
<p> Chiappetta's story is close to 90 years in the making. Originating in the Calabria region of southern Italy, the Chiappetta family has been producing the finest, most delectable extra virgin olive oil since the early 1900's. It was only a matter of time before the family began pressing and bottling their olive oil to sell to family and friends. All who tried it thought it was nothing short of fantastic due to its fresh and aromatic flavor.
<p> I always have a bottle of olive oil in my kitchen cabinet. I use it three to four times a week, so as you can see they don't last me for too long. I was actually running low when I received the opportunity to try this olive oil, so it couldn't have come at a better time.
<p> The company is local to me and just in the next town over, which I thought was a funny coincidence. The olive oil was mailed to me and I received it the next day after initially speaking. I love fast customer service!
<p> This large bottle contains golden colored deliciousness.
<p> When the bottle arrived, all I could think about was soaking pieces of sourdough bread into it for a snack. I warmed the bread in the oven for a couple minutes and then prepared to take a one way flight to flavor town.
<p> The olive oil smelled very fresh and the color of it was stunning. It was as if the sun exploded and olive oil was made from it. I dipped a piece of bread into the oil and it was immediately blanketed in the fabulous oil. The flavor was unlike anything I had ever previously tasted. It was smooth and rich, and made my taste buds sing olive oil praises. The warm bread paired with the oil was the perfect midday snack. I absolutely loved it. The oil was heavier than what I'm normally used to, but that's because of the region where the olives are from. There was no harsh aftertaste at all. No olive oil I have ever bought compares to the astounding flavor that comes from this glass bottle.
<p> I look forward to using this olive oil for many future recipes I make. You can purchase Chiappetta Olive Oil online here. It would make a wonderful present for a foodie friend or relative.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<h> Friday, May 3, 2013
<p> *DISCLOSURE*I am writing this post as a part of a sponsored campaign as a member of the Mom Bloggers Club.
<p> Just in time for Mother’s Day, a perfect and easy deal for Mom – or for yourself! For ONE DAY only, on May 5, Sears is having its Family &amp; Friends sale where you have a choice between receiving 15% off your purchase, or 25% inSHOP YOUR WAY REWARDS ℠ Points added to your account. And, with Mother’s Day just a few days after, it’s a perfect opportunity to make sure you get something that will make her smile! Here are some great options:
<p> Can’t make it on Sunday? Shop these deals online at Sears.com May 4, from 8 p.m. CT – May 7, at 7 a.m. CT!
<p> SHOP YOUR WAY is a free, Members-only program and shopping community that offers rewards, personalized deals, product reviews and services like e-coupons and e-receipts for faster returns and exchanges – join at ShopYourWay.com.
<p> *DISCLOSURE*I am writing this post as a part of a sponsored campaign as a member of the Mom Bloggers Club.
<p> Masterlock is one brand that I heavily rely on. We all know this famous lock company that keeps our lockers, desk drawers, and valuables secure. I've had a Masterlock combination lock for years now. I use my Masterlock whenever I go to the gym to lock up my personal items. It's nice to have one less worry in the world thanks to Masterlock.
<p> Master Lock is recognized around the world as the authentic, enduring name in padlocks and security products. Founded in 1921, in Milwaukee, WI, U.S.A., and recognized as the world’s largest global manufacturer and marketer of padlocks, Master Lock continues to build our founder’s passion for innovation, quality, and compelling value into our expanding lines of security solutions.
<p> My parents love to be active outdoors and ride their bikes. They live near the beach and are constantly riding their bikes there for breakfast and lunch. When they lock their bikes up, they need something secure and reliable. Masterlock is the perfect choice for this.
<p> I was able to have them review a cable lock for their bike. This is a innovative lock that you can set your own password with.
<p> If you're looking for a heavy duty cable lock built to protect your bike, this is the king of all locks! The charcoal colored lock has a long length which is ideal for locking up your bike against a pole or sign. My mom really liked the fact that you can set your own password for the lock, that way nobody will ever be able to unlock it, unlike a regular lock. She's used it a few times already and says it unlocks and locks with ease. It stays securely locked in place on her bike.
<p> This lock isn't just for bikes. Protect your fence, grill, tools, ladders, lawnmowers and more. There are many ways you can use this lock, but whatever you do, don't forget to lock it! :)
<p> Did you know that bike riding is the second most popular outdoor activity in America, behind running? Unfortunately, a new survey from Master Lock revealed that more than one-third of riders don’t lock up their bikes, and nearly half of Americans have had their bike stolen, or know someone who has. Regular riding can reduce the risk of heart disease and stroke by 50 percent and is a great way to get outside and enjoy the spring and summer months.
<p> Master Lock developed an infographic (included below) highlighting these new stats and more, including, the health benefits of bike riding, top cities for cyclists and more.
<p> Make sure to keep your bike locked up and safe when you ride!
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> If you're looking for a refreshing and delicious summer dip, look no further! I have the perfect one for you. For your next pool party or BBQ, why not serve a fresh avocado dip? People will happily gobble it up and ask you for the recipe, I can guarantee you. The best part is that the recipe is ideal for people looking to lower their blood pressure.
<p> Author BioJanet Bond Brill, Ph.D., R.D., LDN, author of Blood Pressure Down: The 10-Step Plan to Lower Your Blood Pressure in 4 Weeks -- Without Prescription Drugs,is a nationally recognized expert in cardiovascular disease prevention and the author of Cholesterol Down and Prevent a Second Heart Attack. She has been a nutritionist in private practice for many years.For more information please visit http://www.drjanet.com
<p> Now that warm weather has arrived, it's vitally important to protect yourself from the sun. It's enjoyable to spend a day at the pool or beach, but it's not fun to develop skin cancer from no sun protection. Make sure you reapply generous amounts of sunscreen on your face and body every couple of hours. The sun is getting brighter, there is less protective ozone and people are spending more time outdoors. And, due to global climate changes, the spring season starts earlier and fall arrives later. This means we are exposed to more dangerous UV rays now than in earlier decades.
<p> Neutrogena has been a skincare pioneer for more than 50 years now. They produce trusted skincare products for all skin types. Their products are instantly recognizable on store shelves. Whether you need a facial cleanser, anti-acne products, moisturizers, anti-aging products, or even cosmetics and more, they have you covered. The products provide fantastic results and are quality made.
<p> Did you knowthe sun is actually brighter now than it was four centuries ago? Melanoma, the most deadly form of skin cancer, is the most preventable type of cancer but is still on the rise. Help raise awareness by wearing ORANGE on “Melanoma Monday,” Monday, May 6. This is an important cause that needs to be recognized and spoken about.
<p> Not all broad spectrum sunscreens are created equal. Check out these six sunscreens dermatologists recommend for surviving the summer season and beyond.
<p> 3.NEUTROGENA® Wet Skin Kids Lotion Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 45+: Developed with a technology that is designed to cut through water to apply directly to wet skin with minimal whitening or dripping off.
<p> 6.NEUTROGENA® MicroMist® Airbrush Sunless Tan: For those looking to avoid the rays, this one-touch continuous spray works at any angle to tan hard-to-reach places--even your back. It dries fast and won't clog pores.
<p> Make sure to keep Neutrogena sunscreens in mind and in your beach bag while you're having fun in the sun! One lucky winner will win all 6!
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<h> Thursday, May 2, 2013
<p> As we age and grow older, we become more self conscious of our looks. Nobody likes aging, but it's a fact of life. We can't look youthful forever, but it's our daily goal to try to achieve just that. We use serums, creams, wraps, lotions and potions to try to erase wrinkles and turn back the hands of time. Wouldn't it be nice to find one product that you can know you count on?
<p> No7 Protect and Perfect Intense Serum is independently tested and clinically proven to reduce the appearance of deep lines and wrinkles in just four weeks. It's three key active ingredients come from a powerful combination of pro-retinol, antioxidant complex (vitamin C, ginkgo, and Indian gooseberry), and firming elements of white lupin and peptides, plus alfalfa extracts. It's light and non-greasy, making it easy to glide onto skin and keep skin smooth and soft.
<p> ·Independently proven to visibly improve deep lines and wrinkles by up to 50%
<p> ·Patent-pending antioxidant complex of Vitamin C, Ginkgo and Indian Gooseberry help protect skin from the environment and free radicals
<p> This product has taken the UK by storm and Sharon Osbourne swears by it. I'm only 24, but I already have the beginnings of some under eye lines. I use products to help keep them at bay every night. It's important to feel confident and your best, and No7 is there to help you feel fantastic.
<p> If you're looking for a new product to boost your self-confidence, I recommed giving No7 a try. Let 7 be your lucky number!
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<h> Wednesday, May 1, 2013
<p> Mother's day is almost here! All moms would love the chance to be pampered on their special day. Skip the flowers, chocolate or jewelry this year and give mom what she wants most, a day of relaxation and de-stressing! WAHL is here to help you give mom a wonderful gift this May.
<p> WAHL has been manufacturing professional home styling and animal grooming products since 1919. I most recognize WAHL for their home hair trimmers, shavers and clippers for men that I've seen in retail stores. For the ladies, they offer hair removal products and massagers. Don't forget about Fido and Sparky! WAHL offers pet trimmers and grooming tools for pets. Whether you have two legs or four, WAHL is here to help you look your best.
<p> I recently discovered that WAHL sells massaging products I often have pain in my lower back when I stand for too many hours. What usually happens is that I have my fiance knead out the kinks for me and relief flows through quickly. Wouldn't it be so much nicer to have a product to help you out?
<p> WAHL offered me the opportunity to try their new hot-cold massage vibrating therapeutic gel pack. I love any kind of products that allow me to have "me time" and this one sounded right up my alley.
<p> This one-part massager, one-part hot/cold pack is the latest in a series of new pain management products from Wahl. Unlike conventional hot/cold packs, this first-of-its-kind product combines two of the most common treatments--temperature therapy and massage-- to offer a new level of pain relief. It also offers Velcro straps for hands-free use.
<p> If you're looking for total body pain relief, consider relief found! As soon as I received the product, I instantly opened it and tried it out. I opted to microwave mine for soothing heat and placed it on my aching back. The extra-thick gel pack covers large surface areas for long lasting relief. I turned on the massager and it instantly worked its magic on my sore back as I laid on the couch. I enjoyed the massaging element combined with the heat. I closed my eyes and let all of my soreness and cares float away.
<p> After about 20 minutes I felt much better and quite rejuvenated. I was impressed.
<p> I would really like to try this in the summer, but instead of heating it I'd like to stick it in the freezer. The icy cold pack would feel wonderfully refreshing after a long day in the sun. This pack would be great for anyone who works a manual labor job and needs pain relief after work. You can use it on your arm or leg or anywhere where you'd like to feel relief. I look forward to using this pack on a regular basis.
<p> This review was made possible by Mom Spark Media. Thoughts are my own. I received a Wahl Hot/Cold Massager for the purpose of this review.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<h> Sunday, April 28, 2013
<p> Have you ever wished you could change the color of the light in the room that you're in? How about purple light for a party or a dim white light for movie time? Sure you can dim a lamp or a light, but have you ever thought of changing the light in many different ways with one bulb? EasyBulb will revolutionize your lighting experience without even getting off the couch!
<p> As you can see from the image, you have many lighting options.
<p> Easybulb Smartlight is an energy efficient, multicolor LED light bulb. It can be controlled using a free app for your smartphone or tablet through wifi technology. With over 20% of your energy consumption coming from lighting average homes, Easybulb is only 6 watts and can last up to 25 years. Just think of all the money you'll save! Having Easybulb is a definite conversation starter. Delight your guests with purple or blue lighting for your next party!
<p> It's very simple to install Easybulb, just remove your old bulb and install the new one. Not only can you operate the Easybulb from a handy remote, but also from a wall switch too if you don't have a smartphone. You can turn on one light or multiple lights, without even moving an inch. Change the light or dim it, depending on your mood.
<p> I think this is the most unique and fun lighting system ever! You can also turn the lamp on in your living room from your smartphone when you're outside! That way you won't have to walk into a dark house and fumble for the light. Use EasyBulb in your home, office, hotel, restaurant, and more!
<p> If you're looking for a fun way to revolutionize your lighting experience, Easybulb is ready to assist.
<p> *You can receive 20% off your purchase by using promo code EASYLIFE101.
<h> Saturday, April 27, 2013
<p> There are two things that I love in this world, animals and food. When you combine the two, my world explodes. I recently heard about Stew Leonard's in Norwalk, CT. I was told that it's a fun grocery store experience and that there are sheep and cows in the parking lot! Animals at a grocery store?! I had to check this out for myself. I went today for the first time.
<p> Stew Leonard's is a chain of four grocery stores in Connecticut and New York. The store's fame comes from its innovative in-store marketing, which includes a barnlike wood decor, a winding path for shoppers instead of straight, parallel aisles, and animatronic singing animals perched above the shelving. As customers walk through a path of aisles, they are greeted by different employees dressed up in costumes and by animatronic favorites such as Twinkie the Kid, the Chiquita banana, and Clover, a cow's head that moos when one pulls its rope. Customers are also offered an unusually large number of food samples for a supermarket, as well as free drink samples. There are cows and sheep in the parking lot that you can feed, an ice cream section, and a floral department too! From the moment I got out of the car in the parking lot, there were people everywhere I knew I was going to have a good time. This is a wonderful place to bring the kids. Even though I'm an adult, I still had fun!
<p> I first checked out the animals. The sheep were baaaa'ing at my arrival!
<p> I enjoyed watching the animals. There were many families around and I could tell the children loved it as well. I'm a huge animal lover and any four legged friend always makes me smile.
<p> I made my way into the store to see what Stew Leonard's was offering for sale today. Everywhere I turned were cookie samples, cheese samples, beverage samples, etc. There were also visually appealing signs informing you of deals, store information, and plain witty things written on them.
<p> Each department in the store had unbeatable prices and a large selection of fresh goods. I most enjoyed my time in the bakery and cheese department! :) I sampled some cheeses and a chocolate chip cookie, both which were very tasty.
<p> What I thought was unique were the different kiosks in the main departments where you could watch cheese being made and donuts being fried, among many others. This was very unique and I really liked seeing how the items were made.
<p> I stumbled upon this in one aisle I was in. A cute, catchy tune for kids.
<p> Stew Leonards revolutionizes grocery stores and makes a mundane, everyday task fun and exciting! I've never had this much fun at a grocery store before! I don't live close enough to this location to go on a routine basis, but if I did I would go on a more frequent basis. If you haven't been to Stew Leonard's before, I urge you to go. It's a very unique and fun experience. I am glad to have found out about this entertaining concept and I will surely be back in the future!
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> SECURITY WARNING: Please treat the URL above as you would your password and do not share it with anyone.
<p> From The Lab offers monthly access to beauty products before they are mass produced. For $19.95 per month, members receive a 30-day supply of one to three full-size products (in the skin care, color cosmetics, and hair care categories), each of which could eventually retail for $40 to $200.
<p> From The Lab has direct relationships with European cosmetics labs that invent these new beauty products, meaning members will have exclusive access to them 6-18 months before they are sold in stores by major brands (such as Prada, Estee Lauder, etc.) All the standard marketing costs are eliminated for the customer, giving From The Lab members discounts of 60-90%. This business model does not exist anywhere else; From The Lab is truly the first of its kind!
<p> Sign up for From the Lab's Invitation List to enter into their free beauty box giveaway! One lucky winner from this blog will be selected to receive a free 30-day supply of luxury beauty products from the future :)
<p> Breakfast food is wonderful any time of day or night. Pancakes, french toast, and waffles are on the top of my favorites. One thing I really enjoy is having breakfast for dinner. There's something very fun and exciting about having those delicious carb filled delights at night. At IHOP your breakfast-at-night dreams become a reality.
<p> IHOP, formerly known as The International House of Pancakes specializes in breakfast foods. The menu focuses on pancakes, french toast and omelets, but there is also a selection of lunch and dinner items too. I used to love to get chocolate chip pancakes when I was younger. Now they have amazing flavors like red velvet, banana caramel and cinnamon stuffed pancakes! The french toast also comes in different mouth-watering flavors. Most recently, they have added brioche French toast! The menu always has new items on it to delight your taste buds. Anything from IHOP is the perfect comfort food.
<p> I recently had the opportunity to try IHOP's new brioche French toast. Brioche French toast!? How can it get better than that? Well it can't, my friends. They are available on the menu in three scrumptious flavors: bananas foster, peaches and cream, and berry-berry. Which flavor sounds best to you?
<p> My mind was instantly made up when I saw the berry-berry. Strawberries and blueberries are two of my favorite foods. I had never had french toast made with brioche bread before and I was intrigued by the thought.
<p> Fruity and flavorful, this new French Toast is a stack above the rest! With thick, rich brioche bread dipped in a lightly sweetened vanilla batter and grilled to golden perfection, it’s topped with blueberries and sliced strawberries (given just a hint of sweetness)—then crowned with powdered sugar and whipped topping.
<p> The French toast was absolutely beautiful. The three slices were large and in charge. I loved how they were generously topped with berries too. I poured the smallest amount of syrup on top. I wanted to taste the vanilla batter, but also have a small amount of sweetness from the syrup too. I took a bite and it was truly excellent. The brioche was thick, perfectly grilled, and it soaked up the syrup like a sponge. The vanilla flavor was noticeable and I liked the way it paired with the sweet syrup flavor. I really liked the change from traditional bread to a hearty brioche.
<p> The berries were fresh and very sweet.. Each bite was truly better than the last! I liked having a berry in each bite. The meal was sweet, but not overly sweet. This was certainly a treat and something I wouldn't have everyday. It was very worth it though! I gobbled it all up quickly and was left with a full stomach and an empty plate.
<p> I would like to replicate this recipe at home for the next time I make French toast. Let IHOP come to my kitchen, instead of me coming to theirs! :)
<p> If you're looking for a delicious treat that will warm your soul, I highly recommend trying one of the three new varieties at your local IHOP. You'll surely leave with a smile.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received an IHOP giftcard to facilitate this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
