<h> Tuesday, October 15, 2013
<p> As I think back to past major holidays and events, I associate them with certain scents. As they say, scent is the highest form of memory. I attribute Thanksgiving and Fall with pumpkins, while I think of cinnamon spice and apples for winter and Christmastime for example. It's really interesting how certain scents can trigger memories and emotions, both negative and positive. Make sure you make some scent memories in the upcoming holidays.
<p> Glade offers scented candles, oils, and gels for soft surfaces and fabrics to bring true-to-life fragrances wherever you call home. Some of the products include oil warmers, room sprays, candles, and more. There are a variety of scents for each product like clean linen, florals, fruits, spices, outdoors, tropical and more. The scent of Glade will bring your room alive and keep you smiling in delight. Any Glade product makes an excellent gift. I'm most familiar with Glade's candles and Sense and Spray, which I currently have in my living room. A new scent is always being introduced to keep their customers happy. Why not introduce Glade into your home today for long lasting freshness?
<p> I was delighted to be able to receive the opportunity to review some new Glade products. I'm always up for trying new scented products, and of course this was right up my alley. I was sent a sense and spray in clean linen, an electric wax warmer with apple cinnamon wax melts, and a plug in that alternates between the scents of pure vanilla joy, and frosted berry kiss.
<p> My home has never smelled better, thanks to Glade!
<p> I was very happy when the package arrived, because I'm always looking to bring fabulous scents to any room in my life. I have an older sense and spray in my living room that sprays out an apple cinnamon cartridge. It's one of the first models, a stone colored unit. When I received the new sense and spray in a brown ball shape, I was delighted. I didn't even know that it came in new styles. The unit came with two batteries, 1 spray unit, and one refill. It's always very convenient to have the refill.
<p> I decided to put the unit on my dresser in my bedroom. Before I had the chance to take it out of the package, my dog kept sniffing it. She even wagged her tail! Glade, please know that pets enjoy your products too! The unit is motion activated, meaning that everytime someone walks past it, it sprays out a puff of fragrance. You can choose your spray setting inside, meaning that you choose how often you'd like for it to go off. You can also press the top of it for fragrance at any time. It's very easy to install and in no time it was set up and sending out delicious puffs of scents. I really enjoyed the scent of clean linen. It reminds me of freshly washed laundry. Every time the unit sprays, the scent envelopes my whole bedroom.
<p> The unit itself is very stylish and actually matches my bedroom furniture well. I have an espresso bedroom set and the dark brown color fits in very nicely. The freshness lasts for weeks, so I am looking forward to many more days of scent happiness.
<p> In my living room, I decided to put the wax melts warmer. I chose my living room because I already have the sense and spray with the apple cinnamon in there, so I wanted to heighten the scent of apple cinnamon by using the warmer as well.
<p> The ceramic warmer is blue with a flower pattern on it. It's very sturdy and has some weight to it. I put the warmer on my side table and followed the easy instructions. To start, you place the dish on the warmer base. Then you plug warmer in and rotate switch to turn it on. After that, simply place one wax melt into warmer dish and begin to let the scent of the wax permeate the room. The wax melts are small easy to hold squares that fit into the warmer dish with ease.
<p> I instantly noticed the scent of apple cinnamon swirl around my living room. It was a very comforting scent that made me happy. It smelled like I just took a freshly baked pie out of the oven. The sense and spray apple cinnamon combined with the warmer scent turned my living room into an apple cinnamon bonanza!
<p> It was mesmerizing to watch the wax melt burn and melt in the warmer. It was like liquid apple cinnamon heaven! I left the unit on while I did laundry yesterday. I walked back into my living room and the scent just filled the room and made it feel so warm and homey. I absolutely loved it. I will be using this warmer throughout the winter season and look forward to trying other wax melt scents too!
<p> I have not used the Glade plug in yet because it's in the shape of a snowflake, and the scents are too Christmasy to use in October. I will be using this in late November. I can't wait to fill my home with the scent of the holidays!
<p> If you're looking to make your home a haven of scent, Glade is the ideal place to begin that goal.
<h> Monday, October 14, 2013
<p> To say I love shopping is an understatement. I live for it, to be exact! Can't you just imagine walking into your favorite department store and standing before racks of beautiful clothes and shoes? I regularly do this, and it's heaven on earth for me! A great thrill of shopping is also finding that awesome bargain. A sweater or a dress you've been eyeing that's now at a phenomenal price makes me extremely happy. I feel that every person should regularly treat themselves to new clothes or accessories.
<p> Kohl's is your one stop shop for women, men, and children's clothing. Kohl's also features accessories, housewares, shoes and much more. Need a new outfit for your upcoming work party or maybe your husband needs a new pair of dress pants for work? No problem, Kohl's has you covered. They have the latest fashions at unbeatable prices. The clothes are made well and last. Halloween is approaching. Do you have all of your decorations ready and displayed? Make sure you get all of your candy corn and pumpkin decorations from Kohl's! Please keep them in mind for your Christmas and Thanksgiving platters and decor too. As you can see, Kohl's really does have it all.
<p> What I love most about Kohl's is that they always have something that I love everytime I walk into the store. I sometimes lack self control and purchase things I don't truly need, but just like. I'm working on that. :) Kohl's has affordable prices with something always on sale, which is another plus of why I enjoy shopping there.
<p> Check out some of my current favorite items from Kohl's. These are just a few I like, the list could go on forever!
<p> Don't forget about the Kohl's contest either!. Simply tweet or Instagram a picture related to the Kohl's weekly topic, as featured on Kohl's Facebook page containing the hashtag #CookWithKohls. Your photo along with the hashtag will constitute your entry into the contest, where you will be eligible weekly to win a $500 giftcard while the grand prize winner will win a $5,000 gift card! Imagine if you won the $5,000 gift card, how amazing would that be! I would buy a ton of new clothes, that's for sure. For more details about the contest, please check out the official rules.
<p> Kohl's feels that one lucky winner deserves to treat themselves and is offering a $25 gift card. What will you buy if you won?
<h> Wednesday, October 9, 2013
<p> Cooking is one hobby that I've really jumped into in the last few years. I'm completely self taught, and I learned primarily from trial and error. I am not a gourmet chef by any means, but my husband really enjoys my cooking. I'm still learning, but progressing all the time. I truly love to cook and I enjoy purchasing the latest cookware and bakeware to help me perfect my skills. For any cookware needs I have, I turn to Kohl's.
<p> Kohl's is your one stop shop for women, men, and children's clothing. Kohl's also features accessories, housewares, shoes and much more. Every time I go in there, I always come out with something I love. Need a new outfit for your upcoming work function, or maybe your husband needs a new pair of dress socks for work? No problem, Kohl's has you covered. They have the latest fashions at unbeatable prices. The clothes are made well and last. Since the holidays are upon us, have you started your Christmas shopping? Kohl's would be a great place to start crossing friends and family off your gift list. Don't forget the Fall and Christmas decorations, along with the serving dishes and platters to serve your Thanksgiving or Christmas meal on. As you can see, Kohl's really does have it all.
<p> If you haven't heard of the #CookWithKohls contest, you're in for a real treat. Simply tweet or Instagram a picture related to the Kohl's weekly topic, as featured on Kohl's Facebook page containing the hashtag #CookWithKohls. Your photo along with the hashtag will constitute your entry into the contest, where you will be eligible weekly to win a $500 giftcard while the grand prize winner will win a $5,000 gift card! Imagine if you won the $5,000 gift card, how amazing would that be! I would buy a ton of new clothes and shoes, that's for sure. For more details about the contest, please check out the official rules.
<p> In coordination with the contest, I was provided with a gift card to purchase any Food Network branded items. I was very excited at this opportunity, and I am always up to shop! I browsed the many pages of products applicable and decided on what I'd like to review most. I wanted everything, but since that wasn't realistic I settled on the Food Network Large Handled Bowl, Food Network Chip and Dip Set, and a Food Network Nonstick 12-Cup Muffin Pan. I was very grateful to have received these items and they will be very useful for upcoming holiday parties!
<p> The Food Network Nonstick 12-Cup Muffin Pan was something I was most excited about owning. Right now, I currently only own one muffin pan. I've been making muffins a lot lately and it hasn't been easy to only make one batch at a time.
<p> Who wants a muffin?
<p> I received the pan yesterday and I couldn't wait to bake muffins in it! I decided on what kind I should make. Chocolate, pumpkin, or banana? I settled on chocolate chip and pumpkin. This was certainly a fabulous choice. I lined the pan with muffin liners and poured my batter into it. The cups are large and easily hold the batter. I noticed that this was a quality piece of bakeware that was very durable and built to last. The orange handles on the side are silicone and assist you in holding the pan. They also add a nice pop of color to the pan. The muffin pan guarantees to distribute heat evenly to ensure perfect muffins. I put the pan into the oven and not too much longer after that the muffins were ready. The pan was easy to take out of the oven and extremely lightweight. I let the muffins cool and I released them from the pan. They came out very easily and nothing was stuck inside the muffin cups. The muffins were delicious and cooked evenly and perfectly.
<p> It will be very nice to be able to make 24 muffins at once, especially for an upcoming holiday party. I'm already planning what flavor to make next. I think vanilla with cream cheese frosting would be a fantastic choice.
<p> Next, The Food Network Chip and Dip set was something that was desperately needed in my kitchen. I have only one chip and dip set, but it's glass and a little too fancy. I've been wanting to purchase a more modern and casual set. When I stumbled upon this set, I knew I had to own it.
<p> Who wants pita chips and hummus, or maybe tortilla chips and salsa?
<p> Isn't this just the cutest chip and dip set? I love how large the bowl is. It conveniently holds a lot of chips, crackers, pretzels, and anything else. The convenient dip bowl above could hold a multitude of options including guacamole, salsa, cheese dip, hummus, onion dip, and so much more. It's a space saver especially if you have minimal counter space.
<p> The white is ideal for blending in with any other serving pieces you have, since it's a neutral color. The style of of it is modern and fun. I have not used this bowl yet, but I plan on serving chips and dips in it along with some appetizers for Thanksgiving. Everyone loves chips and dip, right? The bowl is very sturdy and has some weight to it. The dip bowl above is adhered strongly to the chip bowl and I am not worried about it becoming unattached. I'm looking forward to using this set very soon!
<p> Lastly, the Food Network Large Handled Bowl is a must-have in any kitchen. This bowl is so versatile and could hold literally anything you want. How about mashed potatoes for a Sunday dinner? Grapes for an after dinner snack? Or maybe even popcorn during movie night with the family. The possibilities are truly endless.
<p> My convenient handles make serving a breeze.
<p> As I start to plan my Thanksgiving menu, I'm thinking of several appetizers. Of course along with the appetizers, you have to have some crowd-pleasing snacks like chips and dip, snack mix, etc. As soon as I saw this bowl, I knew I wanted to serve snack mix in it. I was thinking of a combination of mini pretzels, peanuts, sesame sticks, and other crunchy items. I want the mix to have as big of a crunch as possible. This bowl would be perfect for serving the snack mix in. A great feature of this bowl is the wide open surface that's ideal for people to grab food from. I think that the modern design of the bowl adds a stylish touch. The handles are wide and easy to hold when bringing the bowl to a table or counter. I really love the white, it's clean and fresh. The bowl is not too heavy and easy to transport from room to room.
<p> You could even use the bowl as a fruit bowl if you aren't interested in serving from it. Whatever use you make of it, just make sure something delicious goes into it. :)
<p> I am very excited to own these three new items, as is my kitchen. I look forward to using them for some time to come. Any Food Network branded item from Kohl's makes a wonderful gift.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a gift card to purchase the above items with in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, October 7, 2013
<p> I'm an avid reader, as is my husband. We're constantly on the lookout for new releases from our favorite authors. There's just something magical about reading a book. You never know what's on the next page. I use my Kindle Fire as my own personal library, so I have to make sure I protect it and take great care of it. To guarantee my Kindle's protection and security, I turn to Levenger.
<p> Levenger is a source of paradise for any home or office. The brand specialize in fine desk accessories, fountain pens, leather briefcases and portfolios, totes, books, gifts, and more. There's surely something for everyone on this site. I enjoyed browsing through the fountain pens and totes. There were some beautiful pens available that would make a great gift for a writer, especially if personalized. All of the items are quality made and sure to last.
<p> I recently bought myself a Kindle Fire. I've been wanting one for a long time, and I finally decided to treat myself. It was so worth it! I couldn't be more happy with the device. Of course when you have the shiny new toy you want to keep it nice and new. I found myself in love with the Abas for Levenger Kindle Fire Easel case. I just knew I had to own it, so I was fortunate enough to receive it for review.
<p> I think I'll read just a couple pages from my new book.
<p> This case is so beautiful. I love the sleek and shiny deep black Italian leather in a stylish faux-croc pattern. The leather is beautiful and very high quality. My kindle fits perfectly inside and closes via the snap to ensure security. The unique part about this case is that it also turns into a hands-free viewing station for your Kindle Fire. Simply flip the cover over and snap the tab back This is wonderful if you are traveling and want to watch a video, or just don't want to hold the Kindle while you read.
<p> As you can see in this stock photo, the Kindle fits well inside. The case is not too large. It fits in my large purse well and doesn't take up too much room. You can easily travel with it. When I go on my honeymoon in December, it'll be nice to bring this with me to read when I'm at the pool or beach. I have no problem using the device when it's inside the case. The Kindle case is made well and I'm very satisfied with it. I'm looking forward to using it for some time to come.
<p> If you're looking for a quality, beautiful gift for someone for an upcoming birthday or thank you present, why not delight them with something from Levenger?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received the complimentary Kindle Fire case in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Sunday, October 6, 2013
<p> Life is short. It's important to enjoy the finer things in life if you can. I believe everyone should own at least one quality item, whether it be shoes, jewelry, a purse, etc. I value quality over quantity. There's nothing like a fine item that you'll enjoy for years to come and is built to last. Go ahead and treat yourself every once in a while, you deserve it!
<p> Allen Edmonds shoes are coveted throughout the world by men who appreciate true quality and American classic styling. The company has been around since 1922 and the shoes are made from the highest quality materials available. The brand also offers shoe care kits, belts, accessories, and apparel. For any of your high-fashion shoe needs, Allen Edmonds has you covered.
<p> The footwear offered is classic, timeless, and looks great with practically any outfit you pair them with. The shoe styles are absolutely gorgeous and are perfect for work or play. How about browsing through pages containing many different looks for whatever shoe style and taste you have? Whether you want a lace up shoe for work, or a casual shoe choice like a loafer for a night out, your shoes needs will be met with style. The leather is impeccably made and just fantastic. You can guarantee that the shoe will be built to last for some time to come, and you'll be very satisfied with it. Go ahead and treat the man in your life today to a pair of Allen Edmonds shoes, he'll love it!
<p> My husband has been a long time fan of Allen Edmonds. He fondly remembers the first pair he bought, which he still wears to this day. It was a match made in heaven and his love for the brand just grew and grew. You know he's a happy man whenever he can add a new pair to his closet.
<p> This time around, he was sent the Firenze Italian loafers in black. When I had the chance to review another pair of shoes, I jumped at the chance. I knew my husband would be so happy. You can't believe how much he loves them. He wants to wear them everywhere! There's truly no love like an Allen Edmonds love.
<p> It's so easy to fall in love with me.
<p> I've worked with Allen Edmonds many times in the past, and their quality brand and products keep me coming back. These loafers are stunning. They feature a rubber sole, and are part of the Italian collection of premium men's shoes. The lined premium grain calfskin leather upper with the bologna construction is truly to die for.
<p> The stylish black color is a deep and rich shade. My husband says the shoe fits him well and is extremely comfortable. He has a pair of shoes from the Italian collection already, so he is familiar with the brand. The silver buckle on the top of the gives a nice added zing of personality. It's an extremely classy shoe that would look great for work or a night out too. Pair the shoes with dress pants or jeans. My husband loves versatile items and this certainly is one.
<p> He couldn't be happier with the shoes he received and he is very grateful to own them. Why not introduce your husband or boyfriend to a pair of Allen Edmonds shoes if they don't already own a pair? It's time to form that love!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* My husband received a complimentary pair of shoes in exchange for this review. All thoughts are his own.
<h> Saturday, October 5, 2013
<p> There are some Disney movies that are simply timeless. These kind of movies appeal to children of all ages for past and future decades to come. Children's movies of today's generation are created with special graphics and the most state of the art animation. Sure, it's great to see how far technology has come, but the simplistic Disney movies still seem to hold near and dear in a kid's life. When's the last time your child enjoyed a classic Disney flick?
<p> Come into my world, under the sea.
<p> The Little Mermaid is a 1989 American animated musical fantasy film released by Walt Disney Pictures. This is a tale of a free-spirited mermaid who is off on an adventure with her best friend, the adorable Flounder, and the reggae singing crab Sebastian. It will take all of her courage and determination to make her dreams come true and save her father's kingdom from the sneaky sea witch Ursula.
<p> Recently, The Little Mermaid was released on a 3-disc Blu-Ray Diamond Edition combo pack on October 1st. The Diamond Edition features a Blu-Ray 3D, Blu-Ray DVD, digital copy, and a music download of Carly Rae Jepsen singing "Part of Your World." This opens up a whole new world of children experiencing this film and passing the love for it on. There are also deleted scenes, Crab-E-OKE sing alongs, and many other surprises!
<p> When I was a child, this was one of my favorite films. I remember having the VHS tape in the old school clamshell case, along with a stuffed Flounder toy.
<p> I was fortunate enough to be able to receive a Diamond Edition copy of the movie, which made my inner five year old extremely happy. I can't tell you the last time I saw the movie. It has to be close to twenty years ago now. I remembered bits and pieces and of course the songs, but I had forgotten the majority of it.
<p> Hello, sea friends!
<p> It was exciting to now own a copy as an adult. I popped the disc into the Blu-Ray player and prepared to go on an adventure under the sea. The Diamond Edition includes state-of-the-art digitally restored picture and brilliant high definition sound. With a movie that's 24 years old, it's expected that it will need a bit of a makeover.
<p> I really enjoyed watching the film. What I first noticed was how visually stunning the picture was. The colors and definition were just beautiful. The story itself is very entertaining and suspenseful at times, and the accompanying songs are very catchy. Ariel's desire to be human is a compelling one. Watching the movie brought back memories of my childhood for sure. This is a movie for all ages, and one children will enjoy watching over and over. I look forward to being able to show my children this film one day.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received a complimentary copy of The Little Mermaid in exchange for this post. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Friday, October 4, 2013
<p> There's times in life that just call for comfort food. I have those days every so often. I know I should have a salad, but I really want a cheeseburger, fries, and a milkshake. Everything is fine in moderation, and you should treat yourself occasionally. It's hard to eat healthy all the time! The next time you're craving some comfort food, Sonic will be waiting for your order.
<p> Sonic is an American drive-in fast food restaurant chain. The fun part about the restaurant is that the employees bring your food right to your car on roller skates! This is one of my favorite parts about visiting the establishment. I love the nod back to the 1950's and 60's when there were many drive in fast food places. How does delighting your taste buds with a burger piled high with toppings like chili and bacon sound? Maybe crispy chicken strips and sandwiches or a hot dog in a pretzel bun would be more up your alley.
<p> You can't forget to order sides such as onion rings, tots, fries, or mozzarella sticks to round out your meal either. It's imperative that you must finish off your meal with one of the 25 shakes Sonic has available. How about vanilla, chocolate covered banana, or peanut butter cookie? This certainly sounds like a meal fit for a king! If you want something sweet, but a little lighter than a milkshake, how about creamy cheesecake bites? I'm drooling just thinking about a meal at Sonic!
<p> Recently, Sonic has introduced an exciting addition to its menu for a limited time, Super Crunch Chicken Strips! These fabulous strips are all white-meat chicken double-breaded to add an extra crispy crunch to the already popular juicy chicken strips. This provides even more options and value for Sonic customers.
<p> You have a date with my stomach in 5 minutes.
<p> Customers can order the new star of the menu any time of day or night, in three or five piece sizes. Make your taste buds sing by choosing a dipping sauce like buttermilk ranch, honey mustard, or hickory BBQ.
<p> Why not try a combo meal today with the Super Crunch Chicken Strips, tots, and a Route 44 green iced tea? That'll be one meal bursting with flavor!
<h> Thursday, October 3, 2013
<p> Unlike babies of today's generation, I didn't have a smash cake for my first birthday. I had a big bird themed cake, since I was a huge Sesame Street fan as a child. If you aren't familiar with smash cakes, they are a small matching version of the normal sized larger cake at a first birthday party. The idea is that the birthday boy or girl gets to have the petite cake on their special day to eat and "smash." It's a fun way for them to have a small treat that doesn't affect the cake that everyone else will enjoy. Smash cakes can be pretty elaborate, but hey you only turn one once!
<p> Betty Crocker who is known as America's baking expert, has surveyed moms and found that the most memorable part of a first birthday party is the cake itself. To help make this moment extra special, Betty Crocker has created a line-up of easy-to-make smash cake recipes that babies can't wait to get their hands on.
<p> Take a look at a few of these cakes. They are beautiful! Which ones do you like best? They are perfect for baby to dig right in!
<p> Confetti sprinkles make this mini smash cake sweet and simple.
<p> This little cake says, “I’m one!” in a big way. Add your own twist to the toppings, including bits of fruit, crackers, sprinkles, cereal and more.
<p> This elegant little cake features purple and teal pastels. It’s almost too lovely to smash.
<p> These cakes are beautiful! I'd like my own mini cake for my next birthday. I don't want to smash it of course, I want to eat it!
<p> At the moment, I don't have children. For my future child's first birthday, I think I would give them a small homemade cake that I made. I would put a minimal amount of frosting on it, so it isn't a complete sugar overload for them. It will be fun to see their reaction.
<p> Do you remember how your child reacted to their first birthday cake? Did they pick at it, or dive right in? I'm sure you have some fond memories. If you have a first birthday coming up for your child, make sure to bake them a delicious smash cake courtesy of Betty Crocker!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post that I received compensation for. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, October 2, 2013
<p> Jewelry is one thing that I cannot leave my house without. Whether I'm going to work, the grocery store, or even a friends house, I must have jewelry on. I always wear my wedding ring, earrings, and a necklace. What I love most about jewelry is that it's so versatile. Whether you want a simple jewelry look for daytime, or a jazzed up style for night, it's achievable. I find great enjoyment in custom pieces that nobody else has, and that you certainly can't buy in any department store. Go treat yourself to a new piece of jewelry today!
<p> Carli Bruno creates handmade jewelry and accessories with the highest quality leather from Argentina and Italy. The pieces are accented with hand painted fused glass. I believe every woman should have a piece of Carli Bruno jewelry in their jewelry box. The jewelry that Carli sells is so unique, no two items are exactly alike. The collection features leather necklaces, and rings, cuff, bracelets and earrings, among others. The jewelry is extremely up my alley and very representative of my taste. The hand painted fused glass stones are chunky and feature a lot of personality and detail. The jewelry is colorful and would brighten up any outfit day or night. Whatever your accessory tastes are, I can guarantee you will find something you'll love. Anything from Carli Bruno would make a fantastic present for any occasion, why not treat yourself too?
<p> I was recently at a local crafts fair and spotted Carli Bruno's booth. I eyed her jewelry and fell in love. I took her business card and emailed her. I just knew I had to review her fantastic jewelry. Luckily she agreed and I was sent two beautiful pieces. I received a leather ring, and a leather bracelet. Both pieces were just stunning and unlike anything I currently own, so that was exciting. Her jewelry is quality made and built to last.
<p> The leather ring is a shade of green that's representative of the sea. The thick leather band is unique since I am used to normal silver or gold bands on rings. It is a snugger fit which I welcome. I have small fingers and I am accustomed to rings being very loose. The square stone is right in the middle of the band. The stone is large, but not so large that it's distracting. The detail inside the stone is very cool and unique. You can see the hand fused element and I really like all the small bubbles inside the stone. The ring fits me well and comfortably, and I am excited to wear it. You can tell that this is a quality piece. The leather is soft and supple. It will look fantastic with black, as it will give a pop of color to my outfit. It's perfect for day or night, and practically any season. I look forward to wearing it very soon. I am already imagining what outfit I'll pair it with!
<p> The red leather bracelet is equally as gorgeous. The cuff is very wide and features a deep red hue that reminds me of Fall. In the middle of the cuff is a large rectangular stone sits, just waiting for you to admire. It is unlike anything I've ever seen before. The details and ribbons of various colors is exquisite. I love how much personality the stone gives the bracelet. It fits me well and has two snaps, depending on how you want to adjust it. This is a great feature for those who have a small wrist and desire a tighter fit. The bracelet is comfortable on and I enjoy how it looks. It can be paired with a multitude of colors since the stone has different colors inside. I look forward to wearing this bracelet with a pretty winter sweater, black skinny jeans, and boots. I can't wait!
<p> If you're in the market to add some new pieces to your jewelry box, please keep Carli Bruno in mind. Her pieces will leave you satisfied and happy.
<h> Monday, September 30, 2013
<p> For those of us who don't have children, our pets are our furry babies. There's no reason why four legged children should be treated any differently than two legged. My dog Carolyn is the light of my life and I always go out of my way to make sure she is happy, healthy, and comfortable. Pets give us nothing but affection and joy, so why not return the favor and give them the happiest life as possible?
<p> Simply Dogs and Cats is the headquarters for all pet supplies. Whether you're looking for something for your furry friend or fabulous feline, anything you could want is offered. Browse through pages of bowls, beds, grooming items, leashes, apparel, and more. There are many choices depending on what your needs and taste are. Why not surprise them with a new toy or bed today? Your pet will give you a thankful meow or woof in return!
<p> If you frequently travel with your pet, it's imperative that you have a safe and protective bag for your baby to travel in. If you're on the market for a new bag, why not consider the Sherpa Park Tote Pet Carrier?
<p> A cozy place for your pet to snooze in while on the go.
<p> This carrier has a zippered, mesh top entry with locking zippers that features a faux lambskin liner that can double as a blanket. The tote comes in a deep brown and black color, and includes a handy side pocket for storing small items like toys, treats or a leash. It unzips to lay flat. Both the carrier and liner are machine washable. There is a side window with roll down privacy flap. The tote comes in two sizes, small and medium. The small tote holds up to a 6 lb pet, and the medium holds up to a 12 lb pet.
<p> This is a very fashionable tote that is ideal for day or weekend trips. It's time to travel in style with your pet!
<h> Saturday, September 28, 2013
<p> Cheese truly makes everything better. It's a versatile food that works in entrees, desserts, and sides. Since cooler weather is here, why not have a grilled cheese with a tomato soup for dinner? Have you sunk your teeth into a bowl of four cheese macaroni and cheese lately? I know I'm always up for a cheeseburger. If you're having a party, a favorite party snack is cheese and crackers. As you can see, cheese pairs with so many different options beautifully. If you're looking to have a fantastic weekend this weekend, make sure to add some cheese to your meals.
<p> Finlandia cheeses are all natural, lactose free, and contain no added hormones. With over 150 years of master cheese making experience, you'll find robust flavors and superior melting quality in all of their flavors including swiss, light swiss, lacey swiss, muenster, gouda, havarti and more. Which flavor sounds best to you? I am partial to havarti and muenster.
<p> The cheesy possibilities are endless. Go ahead and make Finlandia the star of the show.
<p> Ariane Duarte, Executive Chef of award-winning CulinAriane restaurant and finalist on Bravo's Top Chef, recommends the following entertaining tip. "Guests love to feel pampered and one way that you can do that is to replicate the restaurant experience at home. I created these simple restaurant recipes using Finlandia cheese because of its incredible flavor."
<p> All the cheeses pair well with a variety of different main dish proteins like turkey burgers, hamburgers, or even grilled chicken. For individuals looking for lighter cheeses, lacey swiss and light swiss are both so tasty that your guests will never know that they're actually eating something good for them. Finlandia cheeses melt slowly and thoroughly, but maintain their texture and taste.
<p> Check out some of Chef Duarte's recipes. Maybe you'll be inspired to use Finlandia cheese in your next dish!
<p> Jumpin’ Turkey Swiss Burgers
<p> Created by Chef Ariane Duarte
<p> Serves 6
<p> 2 lbs Ground Turkey
<p> 1 or 2 jalapeño peppers, small dice (depending on how much heat you like)
<p> ½ c chopped cilantro
<p> 1T ground cumin
<p> 1t chopped garlic
<p> 1 small onion, diced
<p> Salt &amp; pepper
<p> 12 slices Finlandia Swiss or Light Swiss Cheese
<p> 6 burger buns of your choice
<p> In a bowl, combine all ingredients. Divide equally into 6 balls. Form into patties and place on grill. Grill on high heat - 4 minutes on 1 side, then turn and finish for about 3 to 4 minutes on the other. Add two slices of Finlandia Swiss and let melt. Then, place on your bun with your favorite accompaniments.
<p> Prosciutto and Finlandia Grilled Swiss Cheese with Olive Tapenade
<p> Created by Chef Ariane Duarte
<p> Serves 4
<p> ¼ lb. imported prosciutto
<p> 1 package Finlandia Swiss sliced cheese
<p> 8 slices sliced country white bread
<p> 4T butter
<p> Olive Tapenade
<p> 1c olives (your choice) – pits removed
<p> 2 cloves garlic
<p> 1t red pepper flake
<p> 1T olive oil
<p> 1T chopped parsley
<p> Add all ingredients to a food processor and pulse about 6 times.
<p> Spread tapenade on all 8 slices of bread. Then add a slice of cheese and a slice of prosciutto to only 4 slices and top with each of the remaining 4 slices.
<p> Melt butter on a griddle and toast “sandwiches” golden brown and until cheese melts.
<h> Thursday, September 26, 2013
<p> Candles are ideal for providing warmth, comfort, and style to your home. They also are a great focal point for any room. I have many candles around my home and I regularly light them. They are very peaceful and soothing, not to mention smell great. Candles come in so many different shapes, colors, styles and scents, you're guaranteed to find one or more that you love. Why not treat yourself to a new candle today?
<p> Volcanica Candles are luxurious yet accessibly priced intricately carved artisan candles made in Bali. There are more than 221 beautiful styles available in the collection, so there is truly something for everyone. The candles vary in style and are featured in pillars, roses, spheres, tapers, floating, LED, glass/mosaic, and more. Each candle features a different color and theme. How about a white sphere candle with flowers carved in it? Maybe you'd prefer a beige colored pillar candle with a swirl design? The possibilities are endless These candles are truly the most stunning candles I've ever laid my eyes on. The skill and talent that these people possess is beyond me. I can only wish I was an ounce as talented as them. Any candle from Volcanica makes an ideal present for any occasion.
<p> I'm always on the lookout for new candles to add to my house. I have a few in my bedroom and living room. My favorite candles are the ones that burn for an extended amount of time and the scent envelopes my whole room. That makes me smile just thinking about it. When I stumbled across Volcanica candles, I just knew I had to own one. I opted to have the candle sent to me a surprise. Of course I thought about picking my own choice, but the element of surprise is much more fun.
<p> I was sent the beautiful Amethyst ball candle. This candle radiated beauty from the second I opened the box. I knew just the spot for it. It would look perfect on a side table in my living room. Every room is instantly brightened by a lovely candle.
<p> I wholeheartedly love this candle. I've never owned a candle as beautiful as this one previously. It's a quality candle and has some weight to it. The deep purple color is stunning and I love all of the handiwork of the hand carved flowers. There is no scent attached to this candle, that's the only thing I would change. Every candle deserves a scent, I think!
<p> The candle looks fabulous on my side table and it really adds a pop of color to the room. I lit the candle earlier today and it burned bright and strongly. It burns for 45 hours, so you have many hours ahead of you to enjoy it. What I love about this candle is that it's very versatile. It fits in well with any decor in any room of your home, so you don't have to worry about it looking off with your furniture. I look forward to enjoying this candle for some time to come.
<p> Everyone should own a Volcanica candle at some point in their lives. Once you pick out your newest candle, all you have to worry about next is where to put it. Go ahead and treat yourself today.
<h> Wednesday, September 25, 2013
<p> CVS is one of those stores that I can spend my whole paycheck in. I can tell myself I only need new razors and a mascara, and I come out with $5,000 worth of items I didn't know I needed, but I had to have them. I love the reasonably priced items, and something on my shopping list is always on sale, which I love. Don't forget to use your CVS card next time you shop!
<p> CVS is an American drug retailer company with a pharmacy chain. This store is your one-stop shop for everything you need. Where else can you pick up a gallon of milk, a birthday card for your sister, new makeup, baby powder, a magazine, and your medicine? You can only find items sold all in one place like this at a drug store. I love the convenience factor! CVS has recently introduced a new exclusive line of household essentials called Total Home Products, available nationwide. The products include a wide range of items for everyday home care. The products range from cooking and cleaning to organizing. The bonus part is that the line is priced 15-20% cheaper than popular national brands. Among more than 150 items included in the line are facial and bath tissue, paper towels, trash bags, food and storage necessities, kitchen and bathroom items and much more.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive a basket of Total Home products to review for myself. I'm not loyal to just one brand name, I like to frequently try new products.
<p> I can now start a mini CVS in my house. Who will be my business partner?
<p> I was very happy with the selection of products I received. I thought it was a good mix of what the product line includes. I was sent storage bags, cling wrap, flushable wipes, disinfecting wipes, fabric softener sheets, toilet paper, and a box of tissues. Everything came in a fantastic reusable brown wicker basket.
<p> I really liked the labels of everything. Just because the Total Home line is a CVS extension and not a name brand line doesn't mean that the labels have to be dull and boring. The labels were colorful and descriptive and sold the products well. I haven't had a chance to use all of the products so far, but I have used a couple.
<p> Last night I opened a large package of chicken. Since I wasn't cooking the entire pack at once, I put the remaining chicken in the gallon bags to store in the fridge. The gallon bags were fantastic. They opened with ease and the chicken fit inside with no problem. They zipped closed and stayed closed. They didn't seem poor quality at all. I would certainly use them in the future to hold any excess food I'd like to freeze, or for upcoming holiday baking.
<p> The disinfecting wipes are fantastic for a quick counter or kitchen wipe down. These are the perfect thickness and they work well. The lemon scent is very pleasant. I used them yesterday to wipe down my counters after I cooked. I felt confident with the state of my counters after using them, and I doubly liked seeing the dirt on the wipe after use.
<p> I made a plate of cookies for my work last night too. I used the cling wrap to keep the cookies fresh before bringing them to work in the morning. The cling wrap was strong and protective and adhered to the plate well. Everyone loved my cookies too!
<p> I can't wait to use the rest of the products. So far I am very impressed with each product. The lower price guarantee is also a great incentive to make the Total Home switch whenever you shop at CVS.
