<h> Friday, February 8, 2013
<p> Since I review so many products for myself, I think it's important to review products for my fiancee every so often. It's not always easy to find something that he likes because he's simple. Whenever I find a product that I knew he likes, I seize the opportunity. I like to show him that I care. :)
<p> Great Gifts for Men specializes in unique and fun great gift ideas for the special men in your life. Your dad, boyfriend, husband or brother are sure to love any of the items sold for their birthday, graduation or any other occasion. A convenient way to choose the right item for your guy is to filter it by their personality. Find items tailored to a funny guy, geek, grill master, corporate maverick or even a sport and fitness nut, among many others. This makes it a lot easier to find a gift that you know they will enjoy. A stainless steel grilling grid would make a great present for dad while a guitar shaped cutting board would be perfect for your brother. Don't forget your husband either! He would love monogrammed cuff links. There are many gifts which can be personalized or monogrammed for an extra special touch.
<p> I knew that there was a perfect gift for my fiancee on the website and I was bound to find it. I eventually found it, when I settled on the Rubik's Cube coffee mug! How awesome is this? He drinks a lot of coffee and I knew he would think the mug was a fun twist on a boring everyday coffee mug.
<p> The rubik's cube is considered to be the world's best selling toy and now it is in a drinkable format! The unique coffee mug is made of ceramic and features the classic design and colors in a 3-inch cube shape. as soon a I gave it to my fiancee, he thought it was really cool. He had never seen anything like it and it brouht a smile to his face. He took it to work the other day to have his morning cup of coffee in. He said immediately his co-workers saw the gem on his desk and asked him about it. They said it was such a fun conversation piece and would make having your coffee or tea more exciting. The colors are bright and vivid and the handle is easy and comfortable to hold. The mug is definitely sturdy and made well. Don't let the shape fool you though, it holds just as much liquid as any other standard mug.
<p> This colorful square is not meant for the dishwasher! It is hand wash only. The only thing that would make the mug better is if you could really move the squares! If you're looking to revv up your morning coffee, this little slice of happiness would a perfect choice.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received the mug complimentary in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine.
<h> Thursday, February 7, 2013
<p> Along with buying clothes, I love to purchase new jewelry. If I'm out and I see a cute pair of earrings or a fun bracelet, you can guarantee I will be buying it. My style of jewelry is unique and sometimes eclectic. I don't wear what the average everyday woman wears. I enjoy big chunky earrings, unique custom pieces, and large bangle bracelets. Custom pieces are my favorite because you can't just go to any local store and buy it, it's original and only you have it.
<p> Origami Owl is a fantastic jewelry company founded in 2010 by a then 14 year old girl! Living lockets are said to be the latest trend in jewelry. You simply select the charms that tell your story or represent things that you love. You then choose a locket and a chain! These necklaces are definitely a conversation piece, not to mention very fun. There are a variety of charms to choose from, ranging from music notes and animals, to sports and everything else in between. You can add charms to your locket as often as you want. The locket opens for you to add or remove anything you wish. Make sure to choose charms that represent you well! A living locket would make a fantastic birthday present for your niece, granddaughter or any other special female in your life.
<p> I love the concept of lockets and always enjoy keeping something close to your heart inside the necklace. When I had the chance to review one of the lockets, I was very excited. I took my time in choosing and I settled on a dog, horseshoe, and puffy heart charm. The dog represents my love for animals, and of course my baby Colby. The horseshoe represents good luck, and the heart represents love and my upcoming wedding.
<p> The shipping was very speedy on the necklace and in no time it was here! The presentation is adorable. The piece comes packaged in a paper take out box, so cute! The necklace is in a fortune cookie made from recycled kimonos. How cool is that?? No two "cookies" are the same. I love that, what a fun element.
<p> What's inside you ask? Let me show you.
<p> The necklace is in the cookie! I love the bright red of the cookie. What an original and unique concept!
<p> Sneak Peek!
<p> I love the size of the locket. It's not small and delicate but modern and funky.
<p> The charms are adorable. The detail on each one is incredible. The rhinestones on the heart and horseshoe and the blue collar on the dog is so cute.
<p> I am truly pleased with this necklace. The glass locket is definitely a modern twist on a traditional locket. The fact that it's clear and lets see you see the charms inside is very cool. The locket itself has some weight to it, but it's not heavy on your neck at all. The chain is sturdy and secure. It is adjustable so you can use any link on the chain that you want, depending on a higher or lower fit. I am satisfied with the charms I chose and feel that they represent me well. The attention to detail on these charms is very evident and the quality of them is very high. The locket close with a strong magnet. So you won't have to worry about the locket opening. The charms are secure inside. This is such a fun necklace that would look perfect with a v-neck sweater in the winter and of course a dress in the summer too.
<p> The instructions advise you to not get the necklace wet. Be sure not to wear it in the pool or shower. I think I will have to clean it with Windex every so often because it shows fingerprints well.
<p> I am enjoying the way the necklace looks on and have even gotten a few compliments on it already! I look forward to eventually buying more charms for it in the future. Why not treat yourself to a Living Locket today?
<h> Monday, February 4, 2013
<p> Everyone knows Masterlock. The famous lock brand that keeps our lockers, desk drawers, and valuables secure. I've had a Masterlock combination lock for years now. I use it whenever I go to the gym and have to lock up my valuables.
<p> In celebration of American Heart Month and just in time for Valentine's Day, Masterlock is offering a lucky winner and a guest a chance to win a trip to Paris! Visitors can access the contest here. While you're there, why not create and send a virtual lock and be entered into the sweepstakes for the trip, as well as other prizes? Access the website for more information and details.
<p> For every lock sent, Master lock will donate $1 in addition to its $10,000 donation to the American Heart Association.
<p> Do something good this month and help out a fantastic organization. Please help spread the word!
<p> To help support this cause, Masterlock will be awarding one lucky winner of Sammi's Blog Of Life a heart studded lock!
<h> Sunday, February 3, 2013
<p> Planning a wedding isn't always easy. There are many factors and decisions that you have to make that can leave you stressed and drained. It can be sometimes difficult to have something exactly the way you want if the resources aren't available. With Magnet Street, all of your invitation and save the dates dreams and ideas can be made into a reality.
<p> Magnet Street designs and manufacturers the highest quality custom magnets, save the date magnets and wedding invitations. There are so many different styles, colors and patterns to choose from, but you'll know exactly when you find the wedding invitation or save the date magnet that is right for you. You also could create custom magnets for your business too. The styles range from funky and fun to vintage and classic. The best part is you can custom design the invitation. Just because you see certain colors on the item doesn't mean you have to stick with those. Change the heading to blue, the text to green and add in a picture in the middle if you desire. Some of the save the date magnets allowed you to choose up to 5 pictures which I thought was unique, I've never seen that before.
<p> I was allowed to create 100 save the date magnets and envelopes to send out to my wedding guests. I was beyond grateful for this opportunity! Quickly after receiving the opportunity, I got to work in creating the magnets that would tell people about my special day. There were so many different choices to choose from, but I quickly ruled out a lot of options because I knew I didn't want to have 4 or 5 pictures on my magnet. I finally settled on the gorgeous watercolor ombre. I loved the pretty light pink and coral background, and the fun font added some extra personality.
<p> The design process can be a little tricky. Once you enter the design lab portion of the website, you can edit the pre-existing magnet design that you chose. You click on whatever portion of the magnet you want to change and you're able to fix it that way. Since the text surface is small, you can't add too much words. The lab kept telling me I had errors on the text when I changed the wording. It took me some time to figure out what the issue was and how to make the font smaller in some areas. You do need to have some patience in the beginning when you're learning how to make your desired changes though. Once I got the hang of it, I was finished in no time.
<p> I added in the basic things: names, wedding venue date and location, etc. After making my text changes, the only hard thing was figuring out what picture to use. I scanned through my computer and finally settled on a picture of me from my birthday. You want to make sure that you use a picture of both of you that is close up and clear (no sunglasses, hats, etc.) You can thank my mother for giving me that piece of advice, haha.
<p> The magnets arrived to me in about ten days. There was a two day delay in receiving my shipment since there was an issue with some of the design machinery. You have to expect some kind of delay with custom items. I don't think that's so long to wait for a custom item though. They came in a pretty blue box and my magnets and envelopes were wrapped with protective padding. The magnets stick to the fridge well. The envelopes come with your magnet order, there is no extra fee for them. The magnets are very high quality and I am satisfied with how they came out! I really am happy with how I designed them and I have no regrets, and wouldn't want to make any changes. A wedding invitation booklet was included with my order and it featured a 25% savings coupon on any future invitation order! That is a huge savings and I will be definitely keeping that in mind.
<p> The envelopes are beautiful and the inside is lined in a really nice bright silver. I had someone who had beautiful script handwriting address my save the date envelopes for me on Friday night. The rest of my night was spent licking envelopes and putting stamps on them. I ordered matching water color ombre return address labels that I put on the envelope too. I liked that they matched the magnet perfectly. You only get married once and I wanted to make it as special as possible.
<p> I'm really satisfied with Magnet Street and I highly recommend them for any of your present or future wedding needs.
<h> Thursday, January 31, 2013
<p> George Duran, host of TLC's The Ultimate Cake Off will be appearing on HSN Monday Feb 4th. He will be on from 9-10 AM est to share his twist on the average mac n' cheese. George will be spicing up a classic recipe and featuring his modern recipe for fiery tomato-basil mac n' cheese. He's a big fan of IMUSA cookware!
<p> Bring 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil and add salt to taste. Then, add macaroni and stir gently allowing it boil for about 7 minutes until “al dente”. Remove from heat and drain well and place in an extra large bowl. Add both cans of diced tomatoes and chopped basil and mix with a rubber spatula. Set aside. For béchamel sauce start by making a roux in a medium stock pot. Melt butter under medium heat and whisk in flour. Keep whisking for under medium heat until roux is browned, about 5-6 minutes. Add 2 tsp. salt. Gently whisk in the milk until properly combined. Constantly whisk the sauce until it thickens and begins to simmer, about 10-12 minutes. Remove from heat and add 4 cups of cheddar. Gently mix it with a rubber spatula until completely melted. Combine cheese sauce and macaroni and pour into a caldero (for best results use an IMUSA Evolution Nonstick Caldero). Make topping by combining all of the ingredients and spread it evenly on top of mac and cheese. Bake 15-20 minutes until top is golden brown. Serve and garnish with basil.
<p> This sounds delicious! If you're looking for a new twist on a old favorite, I highly suggest trying this.
<h> Tuesday, January 29, 2013
<p> While it's important to pamper yourself, it's equally as important to pamper your furry baby too. Our furry friends show us love and compassion unconditionally, so why not show them the same back? You know they deserve it! I always go out of my way to spoil my dog Colby. If only pets lived as long as people!
<p> FrostyBowlz keeps your pet's water and food cold all day long. No longer will you have to worry about refilling the water or adding ice cube to ensure that Fido or Sparky has cold food and water to drink, FrostyBowlz takes care of that concern for you! The unique freezable core in the product contains a non-toxic gel which keeps your pet's water refreshingly cold and the food fresh. Just simply place the Frosty core in the freezer, take it out and place the stainless steel bowl over the frozen Frostycore and pour water into the bowl. It's as easy as that and your pooch will be tail waggin' happy to drink that refreshing water, especially in the dead of summer. When you leave for work in the morning, rest easy knowing that your dog will have cool water all day to drink.
<p> This product is great for your dog to have outside in the summer. If you and your family want to sit in the backyard in the summer, bring out the family pet to join you. Give him a shady spot and a nice cool bowl of water in the FrostyBowlz and let him join in the fun too. Don't forget about your cat either, they will also enjoy the great cooling benefits from the bowl.
<p> The color is gender neutral and perfect for a male or female pet.
<p> Introduce FrostyBowlz into your pet's life and watch them go purrin' or woofin' crazy for it!
<h> Saturday, January 26, 2013
<p> Ladies, wouldn't it be nice if you could get a luxurious and moisturizing shave each time you shaved? I know it's annoying to shave with a dull, old razor that leaves your skin rough and painful after using it. It's time to ditch that razor and step into 2013 and receive the ultimate in shaving technology. Chic Shave knows all about an unbeatable smoothness.
<p> Chic Shave is a premium monthly razor delivery for women and the best female shaver around. The subscription is $9 a month. Who has time to shop for expensive razors that dull quickly? Chic shave promises to keep your skin healthy and is cheaper than store brand razors. The three different razors offered by this brand are comfortable to hold and feature a rubber grip, 5 comfort coated blades, and enhanced moisturizing properties that surround the entire razor for a clean, luxurious shave. You also receive 2 replacement blade cartridges per month. If your husband is tired of you using his blade to achieve that optimal shave, now you have no excuse to stop when you introduce Chic Shave into your life.
<p> I was sent the "Pink Lady" razor. This razor is the brand's signature 5 blade razor. It has 5 comfort coated blades enhanced with aloe, vitamin E and botanical oil lubricating halo that surrounds the entire razor. The convenient flexible pivoting head on reaches those hard to reach areas with ease.
<p> This razor immediately appealed to me because pink is my favorite color. It came in a cute pink sheer drawstring bag. What I first noticed right away was how comfortable the hand was to hold. The rubber grip is like a pillow for your hands when you use it. I can't remember a time where my razor didn't have an uncomfortable plastic handle, so this was a nice change. The pink color is bright and vivid and very girly, which I am.
<p> I used this razor to shave my legs not long after receiving it. The razor glided over my legs with ease and precision. I felt no pain and the comfort coated blades were like heaven on my legs. I sometimes get nicks when using a brand new blade for the first time, but I didn't with this one. I touched my legs after using the razor and they were very smooth and felt hydrated. I didn't use any shaving cream at all. I wanted to test out the blade with just water, nothing else. I really was impressed with the results since I regularly use shaving cream to obtain that optimal moisturized smoothness.
<p> What's even more impressive is that two days later my legs were still smooth and didn't feel rough at all. If you're looking for a razor to give your legs a little TLC, Chic Shave is your answer.
<h> Thursday, January 24, 2013
<p> Having gorgeous hair isn't achieved from luck or styling products, although good styling products help. The basis of great hair results from a deep cleansing shampoo that leaves your hair and scalp feeling fresh and revived. Wouldn't you love to use a shampoo and conditioner that is guaranteed to help your hair look its best? I know I would. It's essential that everyone has a little Healthy Hair Plus in their lives.
<p> Healthy Hair Plus products are dedicated to helping you achieve the healthiest hair possible. Some of their products include hair growth shampoo, follicle stimulators, hair nutrition vitamins and hair growth stimulators, among many other items. The items available at HHP are effective and contain only natural based ingredients. If you're looking for a special healthy hair product, I can guarantee that they have it!
<p> I'm always on the lookout to try new shampoo's and conditioners. I wash and condition my hair every single day. I don't like the feeling of having dirty hair. I can't go about my day if I don't have clean hair. Since I regularly style my hair with a heat tools, it's important to use a deep-cleaning shampoo that will wash out of all the hair products and serums that you use.
<p> I was sent a large case of Follicleanse shampoo and no weight conditioner to try. After reading the product label and doing a little research online, I was really excited to try the shampoo. The case couldn't have come on a better day either since I was about to run out of shampoo. The Follicleanse shampoo promises you that it blocks DHT and cleans oil, dirt and build up. It stimulates blood flow and increases new hair growth. It also helps eliminate dandruff, an oily scalp and flaking, if you suffer from any of these.
<p> The shampoo comes in a no frills, simple bottle. There is not a lot of color or pictures on the label at all. I think this is smart since it would take away from the main idea of what the product is for. I say keep it sweet and simple.
<p> The product comes out of the bottle easily and smoothly. It doesn't have a distinct smell at all. I like shampoos that have scents to them, and it might be nice in the future if a light fragrance was added. The shampoo lathers up really nicely and rinses cleanly and effortlessly. I like the avocado-ish green color of it. It is a natural color that reminds me of the earth, and the environment.
<p> I used the conditioner next. I have to use conditioner on a regular basis or I can barely comb my hair after a shower, not to mention it looks awful. The no weight conditioner is a light-weight, daily-use product that does not weigh down hair. This product is meant for all hair types. It protects and seals in moisture without heaviness, and the botanicals in the conditioner build strength and repair damage.
<p> The conditioner came out of the bottle in pretty ribbons into my hand. I combed it through my hair and left it on for 5 minutes, for a deep condition, before rinsing it out. My hair felt very smooth and alive after rinsing it. After I blow dryed my hair I surveyed the results. My hair looked and felt very clean and it was easy to brush out, which is always a sign of a good conditioner.
<p> What I like most about the products is that they are natural. They aren't filled with harmful ingredients and additives designed to hurt your hair, but Healthy Hair Plus products only promote clean and healthy hair. I look forward to keeping my shower stocked with them.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received these products complimentary in exchange for this review.
<h> Wednesday, January 23, 2013
<p> Valentine's Day is one of those holidays that not everybody loves. People think that there shouldn't just be one specific day a year to show the person that you love that you care about them, but you should let them know how you feel everyday. I think it's fun to have one day a year to exchange small gifts, cards and candy. This time of year can be tough if you don't have a special person to share it with, but don't let that get you down! Enjoy the festivities and of course the yummy chocolates.
<p> Over You is a brand new novel written by the best selling authors of the Nanny Diaries Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus. The book follows relationship guru Max Scott on her quest to heal all of Manhattan's broken hearted. Max is a relateable fun and fearless female character that tackles one of life's toughest relationship issues, proving that independent girls can have just as much fun on their own.
<p> It's time for single girls to celebrate being single! If you're unattached, skip the chocolate, roses and teddy bears and treat yourself to a copy of Over You! It's the perfect gift for yourself and surely will keep you entertained. Let yourself slip away into a fantasy world that doesn't star you as the main character. You'll appreciate the break. Maybe you can even nibble on a few chocolate while you read?
<p> Even if you're not single, Over You is still a fun read that any gal will enjoy.
<h> Tuesday, January 22, 2013
<p> As you all know, I'm getting married in August. As soon as I got engaged about a month ago, I started thinking about what kind of dress I wanted. I am not a traditional person by any means and I knew I didn't want a very simple and plain dress. I wanted something with lots of layers and beadwork. When I stumbled upon Simply Bridal, I knew I had to wear one of their dresses on my special day!
<p> Simply Bridal specializes in creating made to order dresses at very affordable prices. There are a variety of different styles and cuts made to make any bride ecstatic. Whether you want a dress with lots of personality or a dress that is more traditional, I promise the dress for you awaits you. Simply Bridal also offers bridesmaids dresses and wedding jewelry. When I was told I could select one of their dresses for review, I was very excited! I browsed the website and eventually settled on the beautiful Monique gown. As soon as I saw it, I knew that it was the dress for me.
<p> Close up of front
<p> A close up of the beadwork and back detail
<p> This dress is gorgeous! It was shipped extremely fast. I used their size chart provided on the website to determine my size. I could have gone with my normal size but I wanted to go up to the next size just in case I needed anything taken in. It's much easier to have the dress taken in rather than be in trouble when the dress is your normal size and is too tight. The strapless detail is perfect for an August wedding.
<p> As soon as I took the dress out of the box, I was surprised at how something so big could fit in a such a small package! It came with a great hanging zippered bag to store the dress in. I actually washed my hands a few times before I touched it because I was so worried about getting dirt or anything on it. That would be terrible! The dress is heavy and very high quality. The beadwork is beautiful as is the gorgeous deep white color. There is a flower like pattern created from the beads. There are small sequins all over the front and back, which gives an extra oomph of style and personality. I can tell a lot of time and dedication went into creating the dress. The back of the gown is a corset style. When I first put the dress on it it was big in the top and I was worried it was going to be too big on me. I had to have someone help me lace up the back, but once it was laced up and tighter, the fit was perfect. I love how it looks on and it compliments my shape well! My only concern is that I don't want to gain any weight between now and August. :)
<p> The many layers on the organza skirt are fantastic. I love how the bottom is flowy but doesn't make you look like a cupcake at all. The layers really complete the dress and make it what it is. Since I am only 5'0 I will probably have the dress hemmed in the length a little. It is manageable with heels on but I don't want to feel like I'm tripping over it when I wear it.
<p> I'm honestly so impressed with Simply Bridal, I highly recommend them to anyone who's looking for THE dress for their big day. I feel like a princess in the dress. The best part is that it looks like a very expensive designer dress, but for half the price! I can't wait to wear it when I walk down the aisle this summer! For right now it will have to hang out in my closet in the zippered bag for a few more months. :)
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received this dress complimentary in exchange for this review.
<h> Friday, January 18, 2013
<p> If I'm looking for a quick and easy lunch, I often opt for Lean Cuisine. Since they offer so many different meal options, you'll quickly form new favorites. The food is tasty and low in fat and calories which you can't beat, not to mention very convenient. I've been enjoying Lean Cuisine for many years now and always am on the lookout for new additions from them.
<p> Lean Cuisine is a brand of frozen entrees and dinners. The brand began as a low-fat, low calorie version of Stouffer's products. Today, the line-up includes traditional dinners, ethnic dishes, pizzas, whole grain Spa cuisine entrees and paninis. All LC items are required to meet the "lean" criteria of less than 10g of fat, 4.5 g or less of saturated fat, and less than 95 mg of cholesterol. The dishes are also calorie-controlled, with most items in the 200-300 calorie range. My favorite LC meals are the panini's, pizzas, and pasta. I also enjoy the sesame chicken and fiesta grilled chicken too. There are so many options, guaranteed to satisfy anyone.
<p> The big in taste but low in calorie brand has recently come out with a new product. Salad lovers listen up, Forget spending $10 on a speciality salad at a market or restaurant, make your own and save money. Lean Cuisine has come out with four new salad additions in the flavors of: Asian style chicken salad, bistro chicken salad, cranberry and chicken salad and south-west style chicken salad. Each salad comes with its own ingredients and dressing already packaged, all you have to do is provide the greens.
<p> I was sent two varieties of the salads to try, Asian style chicken salad and the cranberry and chicken. I think this is a very innotivate idea. I love to eat salads but it can be a pain to buy all of the ingredients and chop up the veggies. Not to mention all of the ingredients can be costly too. I am much more inclined to eat a salad when it's already created for me.
<p> The cranberry and chicken salad sound delicious to me, so I decided to try that one first. This salad comes with raspberry cabernet vinaigrette, grilled white meat chicken, diced cranberries, broccoli, red onions, yellow carrots, and crunchy sesame sticks. How fantastic does the salad sound already?
<p> I brought this to work to have for lunch today. I brought some spinach leaves to use as the base of the salad. I try to be good during the week and eat healthy. Having this helped me to stay on track. The salad was really easy to make. The first step is to prepare the salad dressing. You just have to let the packet thaw in a glasss of room temperature water since it is frozen. I am not a big dressing lover so I knew I wouldn't be using much of it. You put the chicken, fruit and vegetable steam pouch in the microwave and cook for about 2 and a half minutes. Then you put the greens of your choice in the bowl, put the heated ingredients in and toss. I finished everything off by adding the yummy crunchy sticks and a light layer of dressing.
<p> The salad was really delicious actually! I thought the chicken was juicy and had a nice flavor to it. All of the veggies were steamed and cooked well and the cranberries were perfectly tart. The crunchy sesame sticks gave a nice added crunch that I really liked. The raspberry dressing was very interesting. I really enjoyed the sweet flavor of it and it paired fabulously with the chicken and the cranberries. I was impressed at how fresh the salad tasted considering it came out of my microwave. What I love most is that this is a low-cost lunch that you would pay big bucks for at a restaurant. The whole salad has 280 calories which I think is not bad at all. This salad would be perfect for lunch or school or even for anyone on the go.
<p> I look forward to trying the Asian chicken salad soon, I just have to buy more lettuce! :)
<p> Five lucky winners will get to have their salad dreams come true when they win a Lean Cuisine prize pack featuring 5 Lean Cuisine free product coupons to purchase a salad addition of their choice, 5 Fresh express free product coupons to purchase lettuce, 1 lunch bag and a pair of salad tongs.
<h> Thursday, January 17, 2013
<p> Comfort foods bring families and friends together. There's something that just puts a smile on your face to be with your loved ones and enjoy delicious foods simultanously. Alexia foods are best shared over warm conversation and a lot of laughs. Make sure the next time you have a family gathering to not forget Alexia ciabatta rolls or sweet potato fries!
<p> Alexia offers all natural, trans fat, organic snacks and appetizers that are high in taste and flavor. Once you try Alexia, you will be instantly hooked. Don't blame me for your new addiction. Alexia has a wide variety of products in their tasty line up. How does onion rings, sweet potato rolls or waffle fries sound to you? Maybe ciabatta rolls or mozzarella sticks are more your style? Everything that they produce turns to gold, I promise. I could go for some mozzarella sticks right now. Next time you're in the Alexia section of the frozen food section of the grocery store, I can guarantee you will find a product that you will love.
<p> These round pieces of potato goodness are made from the finest all natural ingredients. They have 8 grams of whole grains per serving and are one of the first of their kind. Not only are these big in taste, I love how much whole grain they pack too! What a win-win.
<p> I've been enjoying Alexia products for years and I always love when they debut a new product. I consider it a gift from the heavens! :)
<p> If you've never tried any Alexia products before, you're in for a gigantic treat! One lucky winner will win a free product coupon for any Alexia item of their choice, Alexia branded apron and kitchen timer.
<h> Wednesday, January 16, 2013
<p> When I picture cuff links, I envision businessmen in a meeting discuss financial reports. Cuff links to me are an elegant accessory worn with fancy work shirts or suits. Usually they come in a simple design and style and don't have much flair to them. I never thought a man's accessory could be fun and stylish until I stumbled upon Cuff-Daddy.
<p> Cuff-Daddy is a cuff links retailer that specializes in unique, high quality cuff links at discount prices. They manufacture the best discount cuff links for men and also carry a large selection of ladies cuff links. The cuff links sold at Cuff-Daddy are so fun and unique! Trade in that boring old pair of silver monogrammed cuff links for a fantastic pair of basketball cuff links or French flag cuff links? There are so many choices, surely something to represent any one's taste and style. You care about how you dress and want to look good, why not add some personality to your sleeves too? Anything from Cuff-Daddy will surely be a conversation piece.
<p> If you have any car fans or classic car fans in your family, they will go nuts for the white hot rod cuff links! These are very cool and I know I would definitely ask someone about the cool links if I saw them wearing them.
<p> These cuff links are in the design of an AC Cobra. The AC Cobra is one of the coolest, loudest and fastest cars around. These would be a perfect gift for your dad, brother, or husband for their birthday. You could even treat yourself to them too. It's only normal to spoil ourselves every once in a while. Any guy would love the opportunity to wear these. The cuff links come in a protective case to store them in when you're not wearing them. Make the office more fun!
<p> Be prepared for people to strike up conversation with you when they see you wearing them! They might even be a little envious too. :)
<h> Saturday, January 12, 2013
<p> I'm not a big technology person, but I do love my iPhone. I check my email and run my blog on it when I'm away from the computer. I stay in touch with my friends and family through texting and phone calls. Of course I also like to play the occasional game and download a new fun app too. When you constantly use your phone, it's likely to have normal wear and tear from daily life. It's important to protect it as best as possible with a durable case. Make sure the name of that case is Otterbox.
<p> Otterbox designs and manufacturers protective cases for smartphones, tablets and mobile technology. The cases come in a variety of styles and colors for anyone's tastes. Whether you want a plain blue or black case, or even one with flowers on the back, Otterbox has you covered. There are different case series that protect against dust, scratches and dropping. I've heard wonderful things about the Otterbox and knew that I eventually wanted to try one of their cases one day. Right now I was in dire need of a new iPhone case. I have a leopard one which I love, but it is not great quality and the sides don't offer protection against drops. Since I have dropped my phone a number of times, the sides of the case have cracked and broken slightly. It's a wonder the screen hasn't cracked either since it didn't have a screen protector. I thank the iPhone gods for that! Due to all of these reasons, I'm glad the Otterbox is now in my life.
<p> When I received the opportunity to try an Otterbox case, I was really excited. I browsed the website and looked at all of the gorgeous iPhone cases and wondered if I was in Apple heaven. I believed I was.
<p> I finally settled on the perennial iPhone 4S case in the defender series. The front of the case is black, but the back has the pattern on it. I loved it as soon as I saw it. Pink is my favorite color and the beautiful flower pattern was right up my alley.
<p> This case features a robust three layer protection which withstands drops, bumps and shocks. The built in screen protector, which is my favorite part, protects against scratches. The port covers keep out dirt and debris. The case come with a belt clip but I'm not going to use that. I usually just keep my phone in my purse. My new home for my iPhone came extremely quickly after placing the order. I always love speedy service! When I received the case I was a little unsure of how I was to put the phone into it. There was an instruction manual but it still was a little confusing. I ended up watching a YouTube video on how to put an Otterbox case on your phone. The video was wonderful and did a great job of explaining how to do it. Within minutes, my perennial was in bloom! The case fit the phone like a dream and I noticed that there was no open spaces on the phone anywhere where damage could potentially happen. You're still able to easily access the volume controls and and the charging port through the case.
<p> What I like most about the case is the screen protector. Sometimes I'm a little clumsy and I drop my phone. Like I mentioned earlier, I am very lucky that my screen has never cracked when I dropped it. Not only would this be terrible, it would be costly too. I don't have to worry anymore about this potentially happening.
<p> The pink hue on the back of the phone is vibrant and brilliant. Bright colors always make me more cheerful and anytime I look at it, it makes me happy.
<p> The phone is very easy to use in the case. I've had no trouble with the touchscreen not recognizing my finger through the screen protector or anything like that. The case is slightly heavier now but that's because the otter is working overtime to make sure your phone is safe and sound. By the way, I really love that otter. I want to give him a hug.
<p> I'm very satisfied with the case so far and I look forward to using it for some time to come! If you're looking for an iPhone case that will truly protect your phone and keep it stylish at the same time, I highly recommend Otterbox.
