<h> Tuesday, May 21, 2013
<p> I've always loved animals of all kinds. I grew up with dogs and am very familiar with them. I've wanted a dog for many years now, so when my fiance and I moved into our new apartment which allowed pets, I was thrilled. Now that I'll be getting my new rescue dog in a couple of weeks, it's my turn to spoil and love on her. I feel that it's important to give dogs a wonderful life and pamper them because they don't ask for anything in return but love.
<p> The Life of Ryley is a website that offers dog beds, collars, apparel and more. Every item is unique and certainly not like anything I've seen before. The dog bowls even look like tree stumps! The products range in different colors and patterns, depending on what your taste and style. Everyday is the perfect day to treat Fido or Sparky to something from The Life of Ryley.
<p> Just like humans love to lie on a comfortable bed, your four legged friend will enjoy the same. Why not treat them to a large faux fur hide shaped dog bed? Let them stretch out and relax whenever they want.
<p> The bed has a black fleece backing and silver fur in the familiar hide shape. Unzip and remove the polyfill for a cold water machine wash.
<p> One lucky winner's pet will get to experience the life of luxury when they take their next snooze on this bed! Make sure your dog isn't likely to chew or claw the bed because it will be a big mess if they do!
<h> Monday, May 20, 2013
<p> Chocolate is everything to me. That sweet, rich, and creamy treat is irresistible. I don't discriminate against that beautiful brown bar, but love every form of chocolate. White, milk and dark all make my heart sing. Almonds in chocolate along with peanut butter are simply perfection in my eyes. I could go for some chocolate right now!
<p> Chocomize is by far the coolest candy company I've ever been exposed to. They sell bars of milk, white, and dark chocolate that you can customize how you like. How about a bar of milk chocolate with potato chips and teddy grahams in it? You bet! A bar of dark chocolate with granola and banana chips? Of course. If you're feeling very adventurous how about a bar of white chocolate with nerds, marshmallows, Oreo pieces and junior mints? Chocomize offers many add in's such as granola, spices, nuts, seeds, any kind of candy pieces, and so much more. You'll have a ball designing your bars, I know I did. Not only would they make a fantastic upcoming Father's Day present, they'd make the ultimate gift for any chocolate lover. You can even put a little message in the chocolate depending on the holiday or occasion. Have fun experimenting with different textures and flavors and let your chocolate imagination soar.
<p> Any opportunity that I receive to work with a chocolate company is truly a gift from the chocolate gods. As I browsed each ingredient to add to my heavenly chocolate, my eyes got wider. I thought to myself, "how can I choose when everything looks so fantastic?" I know that I wanted to try a variety of it all, so that made my creations a little less difficult. Just days after designing, the candy showed up in the mail. Luckily it was not melted at all, since it's been warmer here the past couple of weeks.
<p> The first bar is milk chocolate with hazelnuts, Reese's pieces, cookie dough, junior mints and Oreo pieces. The second is milk chocolate with peanut butter drops, mini marshmallows and Oreo pieces. The third is milk chocolate with Reese's pieces, cookie dough, junior mints and monkey munch. Lastly, you have glorious milk chocolate with large potato chips for a salty and sweet effect. I am truly in chocolate paradise.
<p> When I received the chocolate, I was not sure which bar to try first. I looked over each bar and weighed my options, along with eventually needing to weigh myself after sampling. I loved how you could clearly see the chocolate through the window of the packaging. I wasn't expecting the bar to be so large, but hey I'm not complaining. All of the ingredients are full-sized for the most part, and they pack a lot of the add in's into the bar. The chocolate was so beautiful. What an innovative idea!
<p> I tried a few squares of bar #2 (as listed above). The chocolate easily snapped apart and I was left with hefty squares of chocolate that had Oreo pieces peeking out from inside. I took a bite and the world stopped for a few seconds. The chocolate was very sweet, that was what I instantly noticed. I could also taste the gooey marshmallow and the nutty flavor of the peanut butter drop all together. It was outstanding! The Oreo pieces provided a nice crunch that I enjoyed. The chocolate and all ingredients were very fresh.
<p> Lastly I tried a small piece of bar #2. Who am I kidding though? You know I'll be back for more nibbles later. I've always heard that sweet and salty is a fantastic combination and really excites one's taste buds. I had to prove this theory for myself. There were large chips packed into that bar and not too much space of just plain chocolate. The satisfying crunch provided by the chips was awesome. The saltiness of the chips paired with the sweet chocolate was beyond words that I can describe. It was truly fabulous. My taste buds started doing the tango in celebration. If you haven't tried a sweet and salty combo previously, I urge you to! You will absolutely love it, and probably become hooked like I now am.
<p> I very much look forward to trying the other bars soon. Please consider Chocomize for any gifts you'll want to buy for your Dad for his special day! Here's an example of Father's Day chocolate bar!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I was provided complimentary Chocomize bars in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<h> Sunday, May 19, 2013
<p> A teacher's job is extremely important. They are the building blocks for educating children to read, write, spell and calculate math problems, among many other subjects. It's certainly not easy being a teacher and I'm sure quite challenging at times. It's very stressful to make sure that 20+ children all understand and are learning what you're teaching them. It's time to thank teachers for their work and honor them.
<p> Merci Chocolates (which means thank you in French) are European chocolates made from the finest ingredients possible. If you think you've had quality chocolate before, just wait until you try Merci. You'll be thankful you found them! Merci is not a fluff chocolate, meaning it's just simply excellent chocolate meant to be enjoyed and filled with a light layer of hazelnut, mint, etc. The fillings pair marvelously with the chocolate and guarantee you a fabulous chocolate experience. Merci chocolates are best shared with important people in your life.
<p> Teachers are unquestionably one of the most important influences in our children's lives and all they do to inspire, motivate and educate students should definitely be rewarded. It's essential that you recognize all of their hard work, dedication and patience. Why not say thank you with a box of Merci chocolate?
<p> One lucky winner will receive a Merci prize pack to thank the teacher in their life. The prize pack includes a box of Merci chocolates, a $25 Walmart gift card, and Merci branded pencils and erasers.
<h> Friday, May 17, 2013
<p> It's time for fun in the sun! Summer is just weeks away and it's time to spend our days and weekends lazing in the summer sun. Don't forget a cold glass of water or lemonade and plenty of sunscreen too. Hawaiian Tropic is here to make sure your outdoor adventures are as safe as possible.
<p> Hawaiian Tropic is ranked as one of America's best selling suncare brand. It is the only suncare brand focused on the youth lifestyle market and is distributed in over 100 countries worldwide. Some of the products range from tanning, to sun protection, and of course after sun care products. There is certainly a product for anyone's specific needs. Two products that you shouldn't forget in your beach bag this summer are:
<p> Hawaiian Tropic Silk Hydration™ After Sun Lotion is the first and only after sun product combining indulgent ribbons of gel and lotion infused with silk protein and shea butter to provide luxurious moisturization for a full 24 hours. Ribbons of aloe soothe and refresh the skin from the effects of the sun, while silk protein shea butter ribbons of lotion provide incredible moisturization that leaves skin feeling hydrated, healthy and radiant.
<p> As you can see, both of these products are necessary when spending a day in the sun. Don't forget to also pack a nice lunch for the beach and plenty of delicious lemonade!a Rafflecopter giveaway
<h> Wednesday, May 15, 2013
<p> I can honestly say fish isn't something I've always loved. Shellfish yes, but not fish. Over the past few years I've turned a new leaf and answered the fishy prayer. I think I didn't originally enjoy fish due to the way it was prepared. Not only is fish very heart healthy, it's delicious especially if you season it right. Pair a nice piece of salmon with asparagus and some rice and you've got yourself a fantastic meal.
<p> Giovanni's Fish Market offers the freshest seafood available shipped straight to your door overnight. It is simply seafood heaven! They sell oysters, clams, fish, dry diver scallops, shrimp, lobster, crab and more. The seafood is sustainable and locally caught for maximum freshness. I'm a huge seafood lover and I loved what I saw so much when I visited the website, that I had to call Dell to replace my keyboard as I drooled all over it. If you want to buy the perfect gift for a resident foodie or seafood lover, anything from Giovanni's would make an ideal gift.
<p> I had the opportunity to try a smoked salmon fillet. As I waited it's arrival, I pondered what to serve the fish with. A salad and asparagus? Orzo rice and broccoli? Oh the possibilities were endless. All I knew is that that salmon had two dates that night, the first with my taste buds and the second with my stomach. Not long after, my salmon dreams had come true when the package arrived at my door. Inside lay a beautiful salmon fillet, just waiting to be cooked to perfection.
<p> There are so many ways to cook a salmon. You can prepare it blackened, grilled, smoked, steamed, or even fried. My personal favorite is grilled. This smoked salmon was prepared with a hint of brown sugar and soy sauce.
<p> That night, I prepared the salmon for dinner. As the oven worked it's magic, my taste buds anxiously awaited my lady bug timer to ding, signifying that dinner is ready. Soon after, it was time to eat. The salmon smelled heavenly thanks to the brown sugar and soy sauce marinade. The salmon was a stunning dark orange hue and beyond fresh.
<p> The fish was moist and tender and perfectly flaky. The flavor of the soy sauce and brown sugar together was a marvelous pairing and I will have to remember to use that for the future. You could easily distinguish the flavor of each ingredient. I cooked it perfectly and it was just melt in your mouth delicious. This was by far the best piece of salmon that I had in a long time. The freshness and high quality was unbeatable.
<p> If you're looking to treat yourself to some out of this world seafood, Giovanni's Fish Market is awaiting your order.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Giovanni's Fish Market for the complimentary salmon in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based off of anything else.
<h> Tuesday, May 14, 2013
<p> College can be a difficult transition for some, especially in the beginning. It's the first time your son/daughter is truly on their own and adjusting is something each college student faces. They will learn to budget money, do their own laundry, clean up, prepare their own food, and so much more. Wouldn't it be easier if they had a kit that could help them in times of trouble?
<p> Pinch Provisions is the leading purveyor of personal care kits and emergency essentials. They offer emergency survival wedding kits, kits for him and her, school kits, and many others. There's surely a kit or emergency essential that you need and will come in handy. I know I'd love the wedding day survival kit on my wedding day! Anything from Pinch Provisions makes a perfect gift for anyone.
<p> I know there are many parents who are getting ready to send their child off to college for the first time in the fall. As you start your dorm-room shopping over the summer and begin to pack, please consider the small things to help your child make it through the first year. Pinch Provisions offers a wonderful college survival kit, featuring 12 essential items that they will need in a pinch.
<p> I began my freshman semester of college almost seven years ago. I didn't have anything like this to take with me, but it sure would have come in handy. Everything is neatly together in one kit for maximum convenience. Don't forget to include this in your dorm supplies!
<p> Recycling is extremely important. I recycle at home, and my company recycles at work. It's vital to do your job to help the planet. Did you know that over 75% of waste is recyclable, but we only recycle about 30% of it? Green Cycler is here to help you get your recycle on.
<p> Green Cycler is a new countertop food scrap shredder and recycling system. It is designed for environmentally conscious consumers. This appliance makes food scrap rescue easy, clean hassle-free and stylish while speeding the organics recovery cycle. This is the ideal product for those that are looking for a clean and easy way to pre-compost left over food for their garden or green bin. This would make an ideal present for an environmentally-conscious individual or gardener.
<p> Compost is the secret to keeping your trees and other large plants healthy. While gardeners already think of compost as "black gold" for nourishing a yard and garden, a new organic planting method uses food scraps directly from your Green Cycler.
<h> Green Cycler features a harmony of design and purpose
<p> Sleek profile and smart, upscale styling
<p> Self-contained, stainless-steel blade cartridge system snaps in and out for quick clean-up
<h> Monday, May 13, 2013
<p> BEEP! Did you hear that? No, it's not the sound of the oven going off with freshly baked cookies inside, but it's the dryer alerting you that your clothes are dried. There's nothing quite like the smell and feeling of freshly washed clothes. I always love to curl up in my comforter as soon as it's out of the dryer. Make sure that you use a quality detergent to keep your clothes looking their best.
<p> Surf Laundry Detergent will leave your clothes fresh and clean, at a cost less than the leading laundry brand. All Surf brand detergents are biodegradable. It's available in powder and liquid form. Surf comes in three scents – Spring Burst, Aloha Spring, and Sparkling Ocean – to give your clothes a clean, refreshing scent while keeping your wallet happy. Surf’s new concentrated powder formula has 33% more cleaning power in every scoop – so you use less and get more! Surf is also available in fabric softener form.
<p> I had never previously heard of Surf before, but I've been loving the new concentrated powder formula in of course my favorite scent, aloha spring! When you take your clothes out of the washing machine it's like being transported to Hawaii! No wonder it's so easy to fall in love with Surf. My clothes look and smell amazing and I am very satisfied.
<p> If you haven't had the chance to try surf, it's time to surf into the opportunity! One lucky winner will win a coupon for a free Surf product.
<h> Thursday, May 9, 2013
<p> One of my favorite places in my house is my kitchen. You can find me in there usually making something delicious for dinner or whipping up a batch of chocolate coconut cookies. I love to try new recipes and cooking is something I truly enjoy. Tasty food doesn't come easy though. You have to be prepared with an apron and tons of pot holders!
<p> Shop Grandway offers the finest quality and most stunning vintage kitchen aprons-featuring one-of-a-kind patterns for the kitchen fashionista! Not only are aprons offered, but pot holders, gloveables and oven mitts too. The best part is that they come in fun retro patterns and styles like leopard, zebra, polka-dots, and more. If you're into retro kitchen items, this is the perfect website for you. I love the vintage feel of the website and had fun browsing all of the merchandise available. Anything from Grandway would make a perfect housewarming present.
<p> Since I love leopard, I was sent a leopard apron and matching oven mitt and pot holder. I'm in leopard paradise!
<p> The Grandway™ Oven Mitt has a modern, high-fashion flair with a classic, retro twist. This flirty Oven Mitt makes an ideal gift, as well as a stylish fashion accessory to add to your own assortment of favorites.
<p> Vintage inspired hostess kitchen and cooking apron created in different styles to flatter every woman's figure. A modern, high-fashion flair with a classic retro twist, these flirty aprons make a perfect gift as well as a perfect fashion accessory to add to your own assortment of favorites. Gone are the days of taking off your old unfashionable apron when guests arrive, go ahead, tie one on!
<p> I used both the apron and the oven mitt set when I made a casserole for dinner tonight. I don't currently own an apron, but it's always helpful to have one. Luckily I've never gotten a stain on my clothes that hasn't come out in the wash, but it's nice to prevent them with an apron. The apron fits me well. I love the 1950's housewife style feel of it. The brown and black are vibrant and the leopard spots are very cute. I also love the cute buttons and pockets on the front.
<p> The apron fits me well and securely stays on. It is comfortable and made well. I am short, but it is the perfect length for me too, not too short or too long, just right. I am confident when I wear it that my clothes will remain stain free. This apron brings fun and personality to your cooking and I'm all for that. All I need is a pearl necklace and I can be June Cleaver's fashionable sister.
<p> When it came time to pull the casserole out of the oven, I used my new leopard oven mitt and pot holder. The oven mitt is thick and durable. I love the solid block of black on the end of the mitt. It protected my hand while I pulled the casserole out of the oven. I did not get burned and did not feel the heat from the baking dish. With my other hand, I used the leopard pot holder. I wrapped the pot holder around the side of the baking dish and also didn't feel any heat. Any girl can always use more pot holders and oven mitts in her kitchen and these are very much welcomed. The leopard design isn't half bad either. ;)
<p> I was very impressed with the quality of these items and will be recommending them to my friends and family.
<h> Wednesday, May 8, 2013
<p> Scarves are the perfect accessory for dressing up any outfit. In the winter they look wonderful with your coat and boots, but can be worn all year round too What I love most about these flowy pieces is that they come in so many different colors and styles that would make anybody happy.
<p> Fair Trade Designs offers fabulous pieces that come from wholesalers who are either members of the Fair Trade Federation or who strictly adhere to fair trade policies. There are a variety of items offered on the website such as jewelry, purses, stationery, home accents and more. There is truly something for everyone's taste and style. I had a lot of fun browsing the website and looking at all of the beautiful hand crafted designs. Anything from Fair Trade Designs would make a wonderful gift.
<p> If you're looking for a new scarf, you're in luck! I have the perfect one for you to add to your collection.
<p> This intricately ruffled and pleated silk scarf evokes the rolling waves of the sea. Handwoven of cruelty-free silk, this incomparable scarf comes from a small fair trade women's cooperative in India.
<p> I love the gorgeous deep blue color. It does remind you of the sea and the color is very calming. Can't you just imagine pairing this with a cute top and your favorite jeans? You'll surely be styling. One lucky winner should get ready to look fabulous because they'll win this Ocean Waves Silk Scarf!
<h> Tuesday, May 7, 2013
<p> Flowers and plants are two things that always make me smile. A beautiful bouquet of flowers or a pretty potted plant can definitely light up a room and make people happy. They are the main subjects I like to photograph. I welcome any opportunity to add a new plant to my house.
<p> The Soothing Company offers thousands of soothing products for your home and garden. If you're looking for outdoor water fountains to bonsai trees or even outdoor wall art, they have you covered. I had a lot of fun browsing the site and seeing everything offered. There were many unique items that I would love to own! If you're looking to buy a gift for a friend or relative, the Soothing Company is the perfect place to do so.
<p> I was offered the chance to review a Bonsai tree, which I was thrilled about. I've never owned a Bonsai tree before but I truly love the way they look. I was excited that this tree was an indoor one because I live in an apartment and don't have a backyard.
<p> Hello, Bonsai!
<p> The tree is positively adorable. It's small stature is perfect for my apartment. I put it on my window sill so it can have one on one time with the sun. The leaves are a lush dark green and the roots and branches are a woody darkened color. There are beautiful white flowers that are to bloom on the tree between March and June. So far the flowers haven't bloomed yet, but I can't wait!. The tree is very healthy and I've been taking good care of it. There is a wonderful smell that emits from the tree that I stop and smell every morning. I've loved having the Bonsai tree so far and it makes me very happy. I would like to have another one so this one has a friend.
<p> If you're attending a housewarming party in the near future, a bonsai tree would make the perfect gift. Why not treat yourself to one too? You will love it.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* The Soothing Company provided me with this complimentary Bonsai tree in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else. ﻿
<h> Sunday, May 5, 2013
<p> With Mother's Day approaching, I wanted to do something nice for my mom. She's always there to help me out and listen to my problems, so it's only natural for me to want to give her a fantastic gift. She loves chocolate and fruit, so why not combine the two and blow her mind with FruitFlowers?
<p> FruitFlowers combines everyone's love of chocolate, flowers, and delicious fruit in one fantastic package. The end result is a beautiful assortment of fruit shaped flowers! Whether you choose a chocolate dipped assortment or just plain fruit arrangement is up to you. The fruit is fresh, of high quality, incredibly sweet and full of fantastic juicy fruit flavor. The arrangements are stunning and will make you smile the second you see them. The fruit varies from each basket but the main fruits used are pineapples, melons, grapes and strawberries. There are locations for FruitFlowers in various states in the US. Of course there are certain themed baskets for major holidays, birthdays, or just any occasion too. They make fantastic hostess gifts and housewarming presents too. Whatever you do though, make sure that you included some chocolate dipped fruit in the basket. :)
<p> I had the fantastic opportunity of reviewing a FruitFlowers product last year and I still dream about how incredible it was. I knew I had to do another review this year. I was very excited to have another opportunity to work with them.
<p> Just one day after initially speaking, the FruitFlowers showed up and they were positively stunning. I received the Her Blooming Bouquet assortment. It was wrapped with care and dedication. As soon as my mom saw it, she had a huge smile.
<p> A ceramic purse gift filled with delicious fruit. An edible fruit bouquet arranged in a beautiful floral design to please every woman.
<p> This assortment is so beautiful and very large! I wish I had the skill to make fruit look like flowers, what a wonderful talent. The bouquet is in a ceramic purse which could be re-used as a cute planter afterwards. The flowers are all very fresh and have beautiful, bright hues.
<p> My mom loved how the strawberries were cut to look like tulips, and fawned over the flower shaped pineapple too. The strawberries were sweet and plump and the pineapple was very fresh and luscious too. The chocolate strawberries received a 10 as given by the taste bud judges. The chocolate was sweet and full of fantastic rich flavor. You can never go wrong with chocolate dipped anything though!
<p> Each bite of fruit was perfectly juicy and fantastic, and she liked the different variety of fruit instead of just having all of the same type. My mom said it was the perfect midday snack! She was very satisfied with the bouquet and would definitely order Fruit Flowers for any upcoming event or occasion that called for it.
<p> If you're looking to treat your mom this Mother's Day, please turn to FruitFlowers to help make Mom's day memorable. Find locations here.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to FruitFlowers for the complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts and opinions are strictly mine and not based on anything else.
<p> What I love about olive oil is that it's so versatile. You can swirl it around in your pan to cook meat or fish with, dip bread into it, drizzle it on pasta, and even use it as a salad dressing too. The light and delicate flavor is unbeatable and makes so many dishes taste great. I think I'll be cooking dinner with olive oil tonight!
<p> Chiappetta's story is close to 90 years in the making. Originating in the Calabria region of southern Italy, the Chiappetta family has been producing the finest, most delectable extra virgin olive oil since the early 1900's. It was only a matter of time before the family began pressing and bottling their olive oil to sell to family and friends. All who tried it thought it was nothing short of fantastic due to its fresh and aromatic flavor.
<p> I always have a bottle of olive oil in my kitchen cabinet. I use it three to four times a week, so as you can see they don't last me for too long. I was actually running low when I received the opportunity to try this olive oil, so it couldn't have come at a better time.
<p> The company is local to me and just in the next town over, which I thought was a funny coincidence. The olive oil was mailed to me and I received it the next day after initially speaking. I love fast customer service!
<p> This large bottle contains golden colored deliciousness.
<p> When the bottle arrived, all I could think about was soaking pieces of sourdough bread into it for a snack. I warmed the bread in the oven for a couple minutes and then prepared to take a one way flight to flavor town.
<p> The olive oil smelled very fresh and the color of it was stunning. It was as if the sun exploded and olive oil was made from it. I dipped a piece of bread into the oil and it was immediately blanketed in the fabulous oil. The flavor was unlike anything I had ever previously tasted. It was smooth and rich, and made my taste buds sing olive oil praises. The warm bread paired with the oil was the perfect midday snack. I absolutely loved it. The oil was heavier than what I'm normally used to, but that's because of the region where the olives are from. There was no harsh aftertaste at all. No olive oil I have ever bought compares to the astounding flavor that comes from this glass bottle.
<p> I look forward to using this olive oil for many future recipes I make. You can purchase Chiappetta Olive Oil online here. It would make a wonderful present for a foodie friend or relative.
