<p> NCB Radio is pleased to announce that within the next 6-8 weeks, we will be expanding to a FULL TIME SCHEDULE.
<p> We are moving to purpose built facilities within our current home at the Ark Centre in Bodmin, Cornwall and this will allow us to, for the first time, broadcast live throughout the day.
<p> We are now, therefore ON THE LOOKOUT FOR NEW PRESENTERS. Could you be the next Voice of North Cornwall? If you are vibrant, fun, have a few hours spare during the day (at weekdays or weekends)…and want to try your hand at broadcasting to the world- WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU!!!
<p> The NCB Team (Aaron James and Jono Arthur) will be broadcasting LIVE for 24 hours to celebrate our relaunch/1 year anniversary starting at 6pm tonight (28th Jan) and finishing at 6pm tomorrow (29th Jan). We will also be streaming the show via webcam, so you can see the presenters nodding off in the early hours. And we have got several guests and other NCB Presenters popping in throughout the show to help keep our presenters awake! You can also join in on the action by getting in touch with the studio by email (studio@ncbradio.co.uk), phone (01208 808557) or via Facebook or Twitter. So make sure you tune in from 6pm for the NCB Radio 24 Hour Relaunch Show!
<p> Unfortunately, due to our studio relocation, we are now off air until until 28th January 2012- when we will be relaunching with the NCB Radio 24 Hour Relaunch Show from 6pm on January 28th until 6pm on January 29th.
<p> In the meantime- Perfect Pitch with Vincent Vega will will continue to be live every other Saturday from 7pm until Midnight until the relaunch.
<p> This site is currently in Beta and so some features may not work properly or may not have been added yet. If you find any problems with the website (e.g. Usability Issues, Inaccuracies or Browser Incompatibility) or for any queries or questions regarding the website, we ask that you email webmaster@ncbradio.co.uk so we can deal with your problem quickly and efficiently. We appreciate your patience whilst we work on the site and thank you for your continued patronage to the Brand New Sound of North Cornwall.
