<h> Saturday, August 24, 2013
<p> I'm not a huge drinker. I like the occasional cocktail or glass of Prosecco here and there, but I'm not one to have a nightly glass of anything. My drinks of choice are usually girly ones like vodka cranberries, or cosmos. Mike's Hard Lemonade has always been on my list of go-to alcoholic beverages. The variety of delicious flavors keeps me coming back time and time again.
<p> Mike's Hard Lemonade is produced from products based on its original Mike's Hard Lemonade, a combination of lemonade and unflavored malt liquor base. The drinks contain 5% alcohol so they are not extremely strong. I'm not a fan of very strong drinks so this is perfect for me. The flavors range from original and berry to iced tea, lime, crisp apple, pink lemonade etc. Recently, the company has come out with drink pouches that you freeze and pour into a glass for a refreshing summer beverage. How does blackberry, classic margarita or hard strawberry lemonade sound among many other flavors? Whatever flavor you choose, I can assure you it will be delicious.
<p> I was contacted by Mike's recently to review some of their product. I thought I would receive a couple new flavors to try. I was told a messenger would be delivering the shipment. I didn't think anything of it until I told my fiance to pick up the delivery because I thought it might be heavy. Since we live in a condo building, we have one of those wheeled carts to help move large items. He knocked on the door to have me let him in. I didn't expect to see the entire cart filled with boxes of Mike's. I was shocked and laughed. I really thought it was a joke!
<p> This is certainly a gift from the Mike's gods. I live in a small apartment and don't have a ton of room. I am still figuring out where to put all of these! :)
<p> I received a few boxes of frozen pouches in the following flavors: classic margarita, black cherry, and frozen lemonade. I received 2 boxes of Shandy which is beer and lemonade, and then a box of hard pink lemonade which are in glass bottles.
<p> So far I've really enjoyed the frozen lemonade pouches. I freeze them and at night I sit out in the courtyard and enjoy it. They freeze easily and pour into a margarita glass with ease. The ratio of lemonade to alcohol is perfect, and it's really refreshing on a warm summer's night. It's not overly strong either. The black cherry pouch is also extremely tasty too. It's like going to a restaurant and having a frozen margarita, but in the comfort of your own home.
<p> My fiance loves the Shandy. He's never had a beer mixed with lemonade before but he says it's an interesting combination that has led him to finish the whole box. :) He likes that you can taste the lemonade and beer equally.
<p> We need to have a party so the rest of the drinks can be used up! Who wants to come over? I look forward to trying the rest of the flavors too.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Mike's Hard Lemonade for providing me with complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, August 22, 2013
<p> One talent in life that I wish I possessed was craftiness. I'm always in awe of anyone who can decorate cakes, paint, draw, and design. Having those kind of talents amazes me and makes me wish I had them as well. There's nothing like people putting their talents to good use and making others smile. Even though I'm not talented in the design department myself, I do love owning work by people who are.
<p> Eve of Joy is an Etsy shop ran by owner Kelly. The shop offers an assortment of whimsical items with lots of personality made from up-cycled vintage silverware. Each piece is unique and has a history of its own. Whether you're looking for hand-stamped silverware, magnets, or even windchines, Kelly has you covered and offers lots more. You can see the love and dedication that goes into each piece she creates. Anything from Eve of Joy would make a special gift for the person who has it all, not to mention it's a great conversation piece.
<p> Since I'm getting married in just a mere 9 days, I wanted something special and handmade to bring to the wedding. I don't currently have anything that is truly handmade. I browsed Kelly's shop and settled on the Mr. and Mrs. Wedding Forks. I thought these were so unique and very cool. They are a much better choice than the silverware I'd be using at the wedding!
<p> This incredibly romantic matching set of vintage silver plated forks is the perfect way to share your wedding cake, your first dinner as husband or wife, your anniversary, you name it! This is a lovely present or keepsake and a reminder of your special moments together. It is perfect for cake and table photos too! Each set is hand-stamped with Mr. and Mrs. on it. No two sets are like, and they will be polished to a bright shine before being sent.
<p> As soon as I saw this set, I fell in love with it. What a cool idea. My set came in a pretty brown box with brown string tied around it. It felt very rustic, like the theme of Kelly's shop. The forks were very shiny and gleamed in the light. There was a pretty pattern on the handles. The stamp was done very well and was clear and easy to see.
<p> My fiance thought the forks were extremely cool and couldn't wait to use them at the wedding. This will certainly be a change from the ordinary silverware that everyone will be using that night. I can't wait to use them!
<p> If you're looking for a fantastic present for your wife for your upcoming anniversary, why not surprise her with these? They are extremely thoughtful and meaningful.
<h> Wednesday, August 21, 2013
<p> Let's face it, not all of us enjoy cleaning. It's a mundane chore that has to be done. In a fantasy world, I'd love to have a maid who comes to my house every week to cook and clean for me. I come home to a sparkling clean abode and a fantastic meal on my table. Since that is definitely not in the cards for me, I have to clean my casa myself. Why not make cleaning easier on yourself and use products that will help you get the job done faster?
<p> Grey Technology is the maker of the fantastic revolutionary GTech AirRAM upright cordless vacuum. This vacuum is lightweight and easy to move from room to room. Simply charge the vacuum and you will receive 40 minutes of interrupted house cleaning with no cords to plug into each room. The swivel head is perfect for getting under furniture and in tight spaces. The vacuum is also bagless, which means it has direct dirt-to-tray technology which compresses dirt and dust into tidy bales which can be emptied right into the trash. A unique part about this product is that you can connect it into the computer via USB that relays info on battery status, usage, and calories burned while vacuuming. If you're looking for a vacuum to revolutionize your cleaning, the GTech AirRam is the ideal choice.
<p> I've been needing a new vacuum for a long time now. I have an old one that doesn't do as good of a job as I would like. I have two area rugs in my home plus Carolyn sheds. I need something that will have powerful suction and be able to provide me with the deep clean that I desire.
<p> As soon as I received the vacuum, I was eager to try it out. What I first noticed is how sleek and light it was. It's only 7.7 pounds and is a beautiful brushed silver. It's definitely much more aesthetically pleasing than my previous vacuum. I plugged the battery in to let it charge for a while before I gave it a test run. The power comes from a professional grade L-ion battery. The motor powers the brush bar and suction fan that work together to lift the dirt. Suction generated by the fan compresses the dirt into the front bale which you then empty into the trash. This eliminates the dust created by a filter.
<p> I've never used a cordless vacuum before, and I was in awe that it works on just a mere charge! Going from room to room was a breeze now that I didn't have to plug in the vacuum in each room.. It's very easy to use and in no time I was vacuuming like the vacuum pro I was born to be. I loved how light it was and it glided with ease across my carpets. This vacuum was surely taunting my old one! What is most impressive is that it works well on both hardwoods and carpets, this is not just a one floor kind of vacuum.
<p> The vacuum is not very loud at all, I would say the noise is average. It doesn't bother me at all. When I was done cleaning, I wanted to see what the vacuum picked up. Let me preface this by saying I vacuum my rugs and hardwoods every 2-3 days. I was not expecting the following results.
<p> Look at all of the dirt, dust, and hair that was picked up from just one time of vacuuming! I really thought my carpets were ok. How embarrassing! The AirRAM definitely goes deep into the fibers to pick up debris. I was impressed at how much was sucked up. The bales are small so you might have to empty them often if you are a hardcore vacuumer. All you do is lift the top of the vacuum off the bottom to empty. The manual says you have to clean the bale and filter every month for optimum performance.
<p> I'm very impressed with this vacuum and I've been using it quite frequently since receiving it. Since it's light, it very easily fits into a hall closet to store when not in use. If you're looking to invest in a vacuum that will clean your home like a pro, I highly recommend the GTech AirRAM.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Grey Technology for providing me with a complimentary unit in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Tuesday, August 20, 2013
<p> The 1980's brought a lot of economic, political, and social change for all. It was a time where times were changing and technology was advancing too. A lot of my favorites movies, music, and TV shows were from the 80's. I also was born in this decade. Some may look back fondly at the 1980's and wish for a time where things were simpler and life easier. However way you look at it, this decade means something different to everyone.
<p> 80sTees.com sells a variety of 80's based shirts featuring music, cartoons, television shows, movies and more. Whether you'd like a shirt featuring a scene from Back to The Future, the Double Dare Logo, or even the Cheers logo, they have you covered and offer much more. Why not purchase a Madonna shirt for the Madonna fan in your life, or a Superman shirt for that Superman fanatic? They also sell costumes, backpacks, blankets, and more. Go ahead and surprise the 80's lover in your life with something that will make them say that's gnarly dude!
<p> One of my favorite games of all time is Pac-Man. If I lose quickly when I play, I tend to get mad and frustrated. Those ghosts won't leave my poor Pac-Man alone! They're always chasing after him. Can't they just go away? They look sick, like they need some sunlight too. Years ago I even found an electronic tabletop Pac-Man game that was my parents. I was really excited and played it a lot. I enjoyed bringing the video game experience into the comfort of my own home. You can even find me playing Pac-Man online too. There's just something so addicting about it!
<p> Many people share my love for Pac-Man and 80'sTees.com definitely recognizes this. To solidify the love for the yellow one, there's now a Pacm-Man blanket that makes my heart sing.
<p> This Pac-Man microfiber fleece blanket features the unmistakable game board on a 50x60 throw. It's thin but features warm and soft fleece. You'll find the non-gamers in your life will end up using it because it's so comfortable, and you'll love it because it's Pac-Man!
<p> Stay warm this winter with this fabulous blanket. Let the memories of going to the arcade after school and playing video games trickle in. Also, be prepared to have others want it because it's so cool.
<h> Monday, August 19, 2013
<p> As you all know, right now I have no children. My dog Carolyn is my four legged child. I rescued her back in June and she is just the light of my life. She is spoiled beyond belief and even sleeps in my bed. Her toy box is overflowing but that doesn't stop me from buying her more. I have no idea what her previous life was like before she came to me, so I want to make her as comfortable and happy as possible. Why not spoil your furry friend? They want nothing in return but unconditional love and affection. Vet IQ knows how to make dogs tail waggin' happy.
<p> Vet IQ provides quality medication and supplements for your pet at affordable prices. The main products offered are flea and tick prevention, prescription medication, and treats. I really like how the treats aren't just ordinary yummies, but treats that help dogs' hip and joints, teeth, skin and coat, and also contain vitamins and minerals too. It's important to take excellent care of your dog to guarantee they will live as long of a healthy life as possible. If you're looking to make your dog smile, why not order them some treats today?
<p> Carolyn regularly eats Iams proactive health treats. I like knowing that she's enjoying a treat that not only tastes good, but has beneficial ingredients to her health as well.
<p> I received an offer to review two products from Vet IQ recently. I knew Carolyn would be thrilled at this offer and I chose the Vitamin Chews and Minties for her. I'm always interested in including more vitamins in her diet. As for the Minties, what pet owner doesn't want their dog to have nice, fresh breath?
<p> The package came extremely quickly and I loved how it was addressed to Carolyn! Since I knew it was for her, I put it down on the floor to see if she could smell the treasures inside.
<p> This is for me? What is it Mom? I hope it's not a personal invitation to see the vet!
<p> Once I opened the package, she was extremely excited. She knew the yummies in there were for her and she went nuts!
<p> Both are for me!? I think my tail might fall off from wagging so much!
<p> The Vitamin Chews are liver flavored soft chews that are wheat free for dogs of all sizes. The treats support overall health, strengthen bones, muscles, and teeth, and promote vitality. The Minties are free of wheat, soy, and corn. They are for dogs 10-19 lbs and they help to clean teeth, freshen breath, and remove plaque and tarter.
<p> Carolyn is a huge treat girl. She would eat an entire box of treats if I let her. I give her a treat every time she goes to the bathroom, and also just for being a pretty girl. I was interested to see if she'd like these.
<p> I first gave her a Vitamin Chew. The bag contains 75 treats which is a decent amount given the small size.
<p> Did someone say treat? I can smell a treat from 500 miles away!
<p> What I instantly liked about these treats was their petite size. They are not too big for her, but honestly the perfect size. She is only 16 lbs. They did have a strong smell that I noticed when I instantly opened the treat bag. I gave her the treat and she seemed to love everything about it. She gobbled it up and probably would have eaten my hand too had I not moved it! She is treat obsessed. As soon as she ate it, her tail wagged furiously and she smiled. That's confirmation enough that she liked it! These treats are the perfect size for putting into a zip-loc bag and bringing to the park for behavioral training. I really love that these treats help to make her happy, but also make me happy because they are very good for her health. These will be a regular in her treat jar.
<p> As pet owners know, our dogs breath isn't always pleasant. To help ward off bad breath, I give Carolyn a breath refresher tablet daily, and I also put a liquid dental care solution meant for dogs into her water. Both of those routines really help her breath, but sometimes it still isn't the freshest. I was really interested to try Minties to see if it works. The bag contains 10 large bone shaped treats to help make your furry baby's breath smell like minty heaven.
<p> Can you tell someone really loves their treats?
<p> The first thing I noticed when I opened the Minties bag was that the treat looked and smelled like a giant bone shaped breath mint. Carolyn went absolutely nuts for this treat as well, as you can see by the picture! Her eyes are popping out of her head. She licked at the treat and then went to town. I was happy she liked the treat so much because it would surely help her breath. The treat is small enough for her to easily eat and chew. After she was done with the treat, I went over to do a breath test. Her mouth smelled like she ate a package of spearmint mints! She must have known I was checking on her because she gave me a minty kiss which didn't smell foul at all. I was very impressed with the instant boost they gave her. I will definitely be keeping these around anytime her breath needs a kick of freshness.
<p> I am very satisfied with these treats and I'd highly recommend them to any dog owner. Your dog will go woofin' crazy for them.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Vet IQ for providing me with the complimentary treats. All thoughts are mine/Carolyn's.
<h> Saturday, August 17, 2013
<p> It's that time of year again! Many children in the United States have already gone back to school, or some will be starting in the next few weeks. Parents in every state are buying new clothes, backpacks, and various other school supplies. Children are either ready and anxious for the school year to start, or are dreading it. It's important that parents stay organized as they adjust to hectic schedules and spend more time on the go.
<p> While I don't have children, I can still clearly remember back to school season since it hasn't been that many years since I attended. I looked forward to going clothes shopping and buying all of the needed school supplies. There's just something about brand new notebooks and planners that make you want to dive right in and learn. The first few weeks of school are all about settling in and getting re-adjusted back to that school life. It was always fun to catch up with friends and acquaintances and see how their summer was. I was always the one getting told to be quiet for talking or laughing too much. While the first few weeks of school are new and exciting, it can be hard for some. Children can get migraines and feel nervous and anxious. Parents are even susceptible to migraines too from all of the happenings of the new school year. Excedrin is there to help make life pain-free and livable. I'm very lucky that I didn't have migraines while in school.
<p> All of those school supplies can be costly. I'm sure if you're a parent you've spent a pretty penny filling your child's backpack with the required materials. In response to this, Excedrin has launched the "Help Your School Excel with Excedrin" sweepstakes. This is a fun and migraine-free way for five individuals to win $10,000 for their child's school. For more information about the sweepstakes please visit Excedrin's Facebook page. How fantastic would it be if you won the cash and were able to supply students with scissors, loose-leaf paper, pencils/pens, markers, glue and so many other needed things. You definitely would be put up high on a pedestal!
<p> Excedrin knows that readjusting back to the grind isn't easy. Moms and dads are shuffling kids from one after school activity to the next, all while making sure homework is done and everyone is fed. I feel stressed just reading that sentence! In order to help parents stay organized, hydrated, and migraine-free Excedrin is offering a back to school prize for one lucky winner! The prize pack consists of a 2013-2014 academic planner and pen, a magnetic memo board, and an aluminum tumbler.
<p> That planner will help you keep track of your child's parent teacher conference, the school bake sale, and of course your daughter's prom! Thanks to Excedrin, you'll be organized and staying on schedule in no time!
<h> Friday, August 16, 2013
<p> I've always been attracted to reading news stories and articles about anything weird. A sheep being born with two heads, a squirrel who thinks he's a dog, and of course a person living to an unexpectedly old age. These stories fascinate me and they break the norm from the daily stories about death, crime, and violence. I turn to Ripley's to satisfy my cravings for anything strange and out of the ordinary.
<p> Ripley's has been entertaining fans and visitors for over 90 years with over 80 exciting attractions in over 11 countries. The brand offers best-selling books, a syndicated TV series, and the longest continuously published newspaper comic in history. Ripley's delights people with odd, unique, and incredible artifacts, stories, art, and photographs. Some of my favorite exhibits and stories are the animals with oddities, the tallest woman in the world, people with many tattoos or piercings, and of course the woman who cries glass. I've been a fan of the TV show for years, and I just started reading the books recently. Let's say I'm beyond hooked! Last year I even visited the Ripley's Believe it Or Not Odditorium in New York City.
<p> If you're looking to get your Ripley's fix, let me introduce you to this year's annual, Dare to Look!
<p> Go ahead and open the book, I dare you!
<p> This hardcover book is chock full of incredible facts, crazy stories, amazing pictures, and lists and interviews too. A fun thing about this book is that it also comes with bonus hidden content which is accessible when you use the Ripley's smart phone app! If you're looking for something to shock you and make you say wow, this book is the perfect pick for you.
<h> Thursday, August 15, 2013
<p> I've been spending more time in the kitchen lately experimenting with new recipes. What have I been making, you ask? Well, summer salads, chicken dishes, and seafood risotto, just to name a few. Cooking is very therapeutic for me and I really enjoy it. Since I'm apart of the Country Crock Casserole Club, I always have the opportunity to create a new dish that I would never think of preparing!
<p> Country Crock buttery spread has 70% less saturated fat than butter and 30% more fewer calories. The spread contains 30 calories per serving and comes in many different types. This is a guilt free spread that will liven up your foods. What I love most about Country Crock is that there are so many uses for the spread, why not experiment with a new way today? How about using it in a casserole dish that will become a crowd pleasing meal, or on fabulous fresh baked bread? Whatever way you use Country Crock, I can guarantee you will enjoy it.
<p> This is my second kit as a member of the Country Crock Casserole Club. My next and final kit will be sent out around the holiday season. This time, I was sent a kit that revolved around back to school season. I don't have children yet, but the school memories are still fresh in my mind. Back to school in my opinion is parents rushing around in the beginning weeks of school meeting teachers, filling out paperwork, going to school events, etc. It can be a busy time for most, and most moms want a quick and easy, but crowd-pleasing meal to feed their families.
<p> The kit that I was sent featured a recipe for Mexican beef &amp; corn casserole. As members, we are asked to create our own spin of the recipe. You can add in any ingredients you want to make this recipe your own, but you are not supposed to make the exact recipe featured. The rest of the kit contained a box grater, oven mitt, turner, and Mexicorn and black beans to use in the recipe.
<p> My second Country Crock Casserole Club kit.
<p> Endless possibilities.
<p> I looked over the recipe and the first thing I thought to add to the dish was rice. Spanish rice is a classic side and ingredient of most Mexican dishes. I knew I wanted to leave out some of the ingredients like sour cream. I also planned on adding refried beans to the casserole.
<p> I gathered my ingredients together and got to cooking. I cooked the ground beef with seasoned salt and garlic powder, then drained it. After that I popped the rice packet into the microwave. I combined the black beans, Mexicorn, and rice into a bowl and poured in a little bit of salsa and refried beans. After I mixed those ingredients together, I put the ground beef into the casserole dish and poured the ingredients from the bowl on top. I mixed everything together and then topped it off with shredded cheese. It looked gorgeous and straight out of a magazine. I knew waiting the 20 minutes for it to bake would be hard because my stomach was ready to eat!
<p> I'm ready for a Mexican fiesta now!
<p> Look how gorgeous this casserole is! I love all of the flavors together, they compliment each other so well. The casserole was very tasty and I definitely will be regularly making it. I love how the cheese kicked up the dish a notch. I feel like I'm transported straight to Mexico when I eat it, it's that good! My fiance fell in love with it and is now requesting I make it all the time. He ate half of the casserole in about ten minutes. I know moms everywhere will be happy to create a dish that takes no time to prep, and only twenty minutes to bake!
<p> I like that you can put your own twist on this recipe because there's so much room for imagination and creation. Whatever you do though, make sure there's enough for seconds for your family. They will go crazy for it!
<h> Wednesday, August 14, 2013
<p> Since summer will be coming to a close relatively soon, it's time to start thinking of Fall. I know the cooler season may seem far away, but it's closer than you think. I love all of the pumpkin treats that come with Fall, Halloween of course, the beautiful leaves changing, and the start of all of the winter holidays. I know everyone loves to whip up delicious soups and stews when it's cold out too. Have you thought about how you'll decorate your table for Thanksgiving this year? Let Cayman Decor help you to plan out one less thing.
<p> Cayman Decor is your one stop shop for handmade high end custom napkin rings. Their napkin rings are used for weddings, special events and parties, and more. The company is founded by a mother/daughter team who loves to decorate but wanted something different than what the marketplace had to offer. Their napkin rings are beautiful and come in many different colors and styles, but they focus mainly on flowers. Whether you like sunflowers with black jewels, or a ring with feathers, there's a napkin ring that will make your table look marvelous for any occasion.
<p> If you've been thinking about Thanksgiving and what to make this year, why not first think of your table and how you'll set it? A Fall theme with reds, tans, and browns is always fun and festive. If these colors are on your agenda, why not have these fabulous Autumn is in the air napkin rings to tie everything together?
<p> For this dreamy fall collection, they have included this cheerful fall napkin ring set that rivals other collections. Made to shine with its deep gemstone tone and decorative flower this napkin ring will set your fall tabletop apart from others quiet easily.
<p> These napkin rings are awesome! Pair them with brown or cream napkins and you'll have a table setting that nobody will soon forget. All you have to do is figure out what to serve now. I love the gemstones paired with the deep brown and orange, it's simply beautiful!
<h> Tuesday, August 13, 2013
<p> If you've been a long time reader of Sammi's Blog Of Life, then you know how much I love my sweets. Cakes, cookies, pies, brownies, you name it and I'll happily gobble it up like a human garbage disposal. For some reason, I am not able to control myself around sweets. The sweets gods draw me in with their sweet calls time and time again. I'm always on the lookout for new treats to delight my taste buds with.
<p> SusAnna's Sweets is an Etsy shop ran by Susan and Anna. These two lovely ladies are moms who love to bake and decorate yummy, delectable treats. Their cake pops are made to order in any special theme you'd like. They also have cake pops for sale in their shop in various themes. How about sun cake pops for summer, popcorn boxes for a movie theme, or even a baby carriage for a new baby? Each order is made by hand and you can truly see the love and dedication that goes into each order. The cake pop flavors range from chocolate and vanilla to red velvet, strawberry, carrot, lemon, spice, white, and chocolate/peanut butter. They are not shy with sprinkles or decoration either! Why not head on over to the shop today and place an order for something that will delight your tummy?
<p> I knew I had to sample the luscious goodies right away! I was sent a package of a dozen cake pops featuring the flavors of chocolate with peanut butter icing, red velvet, lemon, and white. I love cake pops because they are little portable cakes on a stick, you can't get much better than that!
<p> I love that my cake pops represent my life! There is a puppy cake pop to represent Carolyn, and also a groom and bride cake pop! How cute is that? I hope one day I have half as much talent as these ladies do to create masterpieces like this.
<p> These cakes pops are so beautiful and I love the intricate detail and design of each. The perfect drizzle on top of the red velvet cake pops, the pearl necklace on the bride cake pop, and the face on the dog doesn't come easy. That's true talent right there!
<p> The chocolate cake pop with peanut butter icing was hands down my favorite. The moist cake bursting with chocolate flavor was just out of this world! The chocolate was sweet, but not too sweet. The creamy and smooth peanut butter icing tied it all together and made it a treat I won't soon forget. Don't forget the glass of ice cold milk with this one.
<p> The lemon cake pop was very representative of summer. This would be perfect paired with some lemonade, for the ultimate lemon snack. The flavor of the lemon was noticeable, but not too over the top. I'm not usually a big fan of lemon flavored treats, but this one won me over. I definitely enjoyed it.
<p> You can't forget the red velvet cake pop, of course! This one was also very fabulous. I loved the flavor of it and I found myself wishing I had more after I finished them.
<p> I have not actually tried the white flavor yet. It's in my freezer. I saved it in case I wanted a treat for the future. I'm just about to pull it out any day now!
<p> I can't recommend SusAnna's enough. Their cake pops would be perfect for your next baby shower, birthday party, office event, or anything in between. Contact them today to have them make your sweet treat dreams come true!
<h> Monday, August 12, 2013
<p> Coffee and espresso are one thing that goes quickly in my household. My fiance drinks tons of the liquid caffeine and I find myself always buying new boxes of K-cups for our Keurig. I recently purchased an espresso machine and I've enjoyed having my own personal Starbucks in the kitchen. Of course you have to have the adorable little espresso cup and saucer set to complete your coffee experience. To make my coffee routine complete, I turn to IMUSA.
<p> IMUSA is the leading brand of Hispanic housewares and culinary brand ambassador of international cuisines. The line of cookware is innovative, authentic and affordable. IMUSA's products help bring the abuela's (grandma's in Spanish) recipes to life while also capturing the adventurist spirits of culinary dreamers. The product line includes tortilla warmers, steamer pots, panini makers, pots and pans, rice cooker and so much more. There is definitely something available to help you begin your culinary passion in the kitchen.
<p> Since I've bought my espresso machine, I've noticed an empty space next to it. I knew that the espresso machine needed a friend, a companion for life if you will. It wasn't interested in my mixer or my toaster. The unit needed something it could relate to. That's when I knew an espresso cup and saucer set would be the perfect mate for a lifelong friendship.
<p> IMUSA offered me the wonderful opportunity to review an 8 piece red espresso cup and saucer set. The red set complimented my black espresso maker and it was certainly a match made in heaven.
<p> Can I interest you in a cup of espresso and a scone?
<p> The set is absolutely adorable. The red is sharp and vibrant and really catches your eye. The cups are the perfect size too. I like how everything is contained in a chrome unit for convenient storage. The set is made well and of high quality. I don't entertain more than just a few people at a time, so service for four is ideal for me.
<p> These espresso cups look just like the ones you get in coffeehouses, except you bring the coffeehouse to the comfort of your own home. They are dishwasher and microwave safe (for reheating). The red saucers are very cute and I love how petite they are. The cups are easy to drink from and I've experienced no problems whatsoever with the cups or saucers when using them.
<p> The storage unit fits perfectly right next to my espresso maker and I can tell they are very happy being paired together. I've enjoyed using the espresso cup set and I look forward to using it for some time to come. Now I really want a cookie and some espresso. My cravings no know bounds.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to IMUSA for providing me with the complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Saturday, August 10, 2013
<p> You only live once and it's important to enjoy the finer things in life when you can. I believe everyone should own at least one handcrafted item, whether it be shoes, jewelry, a purse, etc. I value quality over quantity. There's nothing like a quality item that's built to last, rather than four less expensive items that you'll have to quickly replace. Go ahead and treat yourself every once in a while, you deserve it!
<p> Allen Edmonds shoes are sought throughout the world by men who appreciate true quality and American classic styling. The company has been around since 1922 and the shoes are made from the highest quality materials available. The brand also offers shoe care kits, belts, accessories, and apparel. For any of your high-fashion shoe needs, Allen Edmonds has you covered.
<p> The footwear offered is classic and timeless and looks great with practically any outfit you pair them with. The shoe choices are absolutely gorgeous. How about browsing through pages containing many different looks for whatever shoe style and taste you have? Whether you want a lace up shoe, a casual shoe choice like a loafer, or even boots, your shoes needs will be met. You can guarantee that the shoe will be built to last and you'll be very satisfied with it. Go ahead and treat the man in your life today to a pair of Allen Edmonds shoes, he'll love it!
<p> My fiance absolutely loves this shoe brand. He's always on the lookout for new styles that are added to the collection. When he found out about the Neumok wingtip oxfords in brown, he was so in love and knew they deserved a place in the closet.
<p> The Neumok is a six-eyelet balmoral with classic Allen Edmonds brogueing from heel to toe. This is all achieved on an unlined upper in your choice of four distinctive stressed leathers, or two fashionable varieties of suede.
<p> As soon as these arrived in the mail, my fiance attacked the package like a wild bear catching fish. He was very excited! The design of these shoes is gorgeous. I love the brogue perforation pattern, it gives the shoe added personality. The red laces compliment the deep rich brown color perfectly. The wingtip style of the shoe allows it to be paired with almost any look. The shoe transitions perfectly from work to play. Pair it with a suit for work, then keep it casual at night with jeans. This is one high quality shoe that will last for some time to come.
<p> My fiance says the shoes fit him like a glove. They are easy to take on and off, and are comfortable to walk in. He laces them up with no problem. He's been wearing them to work a lot lately and just loves them so much! He told me he received lots of compliments on them too. I'm excited for him that he has a new pair of shoes that he's enjoying so much.
<h> Thursday, August 8, 2013
<p> Egg whites are one of my favorite things to have for breakfast. Whether they are in an omelet or just scrambled, they are the best! I also enjoy the fact that they are healthier for you than egg yolks. Have you ever stopped to think about how a lot of your favorite foods contain eggs? Whether you enjoy pasta, pancakes, cakes, brownies, french toast or waffles, the eggy goodness is in there. If you regularly have eggs in your diet, why not switch to an all natural brand that is safe for you?
<p> Safest Choice Eggs are all natural, vegetarian, and kosher. The company takes fresh shell eggs and slowly, gently pasteurizes them in a warm water bath. This method kills salmonella bacteria and viruses. Safest Choice eggs look, cook, and taste like farm-fresh eggs, yet are safe to eat any way you like even raw! Every time you eat eggs now, you can feel secure and confident knowing you've made a safe decision.
<p> What will you make the first time you purchase Safest Choice eggs? How about a birthday cake, or even some delicious chocolate chip pancakes? The sky's the limit!
<p> This summer, Safest Choice is encouraging cooks from across the nation to beat the kitchen heat with a no bake recipe contest. Now through August 30th, the brand's Facebook fans can show off their culinary skills and submit their custom recipes for a chance to win luxurious vacation for two to Sarasota, Florida. The trip includes an exclusive culinary lesson with world renowned chef and cookbook author Giuliano Hazan.
<p> Get those noggins fired up and maybe it will be you who will win the trip!
<h> Tuesday, August 6, 2013
<p> A watch is more than just a time piece, it's a fashionable accessory that comforts your wrist. Watches have changed and transformed over the years, but their main purpose still remains the same. Whether you like a simple gold watch or a large silver watch with a face of bling, make sure to choose one that represents your personality.
<p> Lolly Watches are eco-friendly watches that have a hint of scent. This makes them stand out with a fun personality that is different from all other watches. The pieces are constructed from eco-resin which is a naturally sustainable polymer. It's derived from softwood that is processed to enhance its unique properties. It's also environmentally friendly and sustainable with no harmful elements. The Lolly Juice collection comes in eight different colors that match their scent. The collection features coconut sentanite (white), black currant sentanite (black), blueberry sentanite (blue), grape sentanite (purple), strawberry sentanite (pink), pineapple sentanite (yellow), orange sentanite, and apple sentanite (red).
<p> As you can see, these watches are full of life and would brighten anyone's day. It would be hard for me to not crave an apple or some pineapple every time I wore my watch! The name Lolly instantly reminds me of a lollipop because of all of the colors. Any piece from the collection would make a perfect present for an upcoming birthday present for a friend or family member. The face of the watch is easy to read and you'll be always be on time. Just make sure you don't eat it!
<p> Go ahead and add some color to your jewelry box with a watch from Lolly watches.
