<h> Monday, December 9, 2013
<p> The holidays are upon us. We're constantly scouring the internet and our local retail stores for the best deals for presents.
<p> One way I bet you didn't realize you could save money is by shopping for your energy provider. It's time to stop paying that high bill each month and lower it for good. Choose Energy allows you to pay a cheaper energy rate for your home or business. Simply log onto the website and type in your zipcode to compare electricity rates to save big bucks. When I saw the rates for my area, I was very impressed. I'm sure I could save money by switching providers. The best part is that you can save up to 25% by switching, and Choose Energy does the hard work for you by making the switch.
<p> It takes less than 10 minutes to make the switch that will make your wallet happy. Instead of spending an unnecessary amount each month, why not save that money towards a new vacation or item you've been wanting?
<p> Why not head on over to Choose Energy today and let them help you keep that money in your pocket?
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post written for Bloggy Moms. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Saturday, December 7, 2013
<p> Soothie Massager would like to thank everyone who participated in one of their most popular giveaways ever!
<p> In celebration of this, they'd like to offer my readers a 25% off coupon code. Please use code SAMMISMILE to receive 25% off at checkout. This would make an excellent Christmas present! Free shipping is an added bonus. Offer good until 12/17.
<p> The holidays can be a stressful time for most. You're running around buying gifts, planning holiday meals, entertaining friends and family, and just constantly on the go. Some dread the chaos of the holidays and are happy when it's all over. It's important to make some time to for yourself to de-stress and relax, even if just for a short period of time.
<p> Soothie Massager offers a heatable massager made from a custom-designed, high density polymer that contains the ideal moisture content to be heated safely in a microwave. The product applies soothing heat and pressure directly to tight muscles and painful knots. Just lean into any wall and feel your aches and pains disappear in a flash. The Soothie Massager offers a full body massage starting from your head and ending at your toes. The heat will provide a more enjoyable massage. Can't you just imagine coming home from a long day at work and massaging away all tension in your body? You'll feel rejuvenated and ready to tackle a new day! The best part is that you don't even have to leave your home for a fabulous massage.
<p> Have you ever stopped to think about how many items you fit in your purse or backpack on a daily basis? You transport a computer, keys, wallet, a kindle, notepad, and many more things. Without your bag of choice, it would be hard to carry everything you need to work or school. Make sure that you choose a bag that is sturdy and durable and fits your needs.
<p> Thirty-One Gifts offers trendy and affordable purses, totes, wallets, stationary and more. Their purses and totes come in a variety of styles and patterns to meet anyone's tastes. Whether you need a weekender bag for your upcoming trip to see your family for Christmas, a large utility tote to hold your craft supplies, or a new wallet to match your purse, they have anything you could possibly want. The bags are spacious and hold your items with ease. Don't forget to order new stationary for thank-you cards either. Anything from Thirty-One gifts would make a fabulous Christmas present for a friend or family member.
<p> I've been searching for a large weekend bag for a few weeks now. My husband and I often go on small trips just for the weekend, and it's a hassle to pack a suitcase which is virtually unneeded. It's much easier to have a large weekend bag to fit your clothes and essentials in. When I stumbled upon the Retro Metro Weekender in the Big Dot pattern, I knew it was the bag for me. I gravitate towards anything featuring polka dots. I just love them.
<p> Behold my polka dot beauty.
<p> This bag is perfect for a quick trip. It's roomy enough to pack what you need for a short trip, but not overly large where you feel like you're carting around an unnecessary big bag. It features five pockets to hold all of your travel essentials as well. The bold polka dots are large and in charge. The pattern is so fun and stylish. You could easily pack 3 days worth of clothes in here, along with your cosmetic bag and a pair of shoes or two. The zipper opens and closes with ease and you can feel secure knowing that it stays closed to allow nothing to fall out. The shoulder strap is comfortable and doesn't give me any discomfort when I wear it on my shoulder. I feel that the bag is high quality and created to last. It is also very sturdy too.
<p> This bag can be personalized if you wanted to give it as a gift with the recipient's name on it. I chose not to have anything embroidered on it because I liked the bag as it is. I'm very satisfied with the bag and can't wait to use it. All I have to figure out is where to go next so I can use it!
<h> Thursday, December 5, 2013
<p> It’s a funny thing, but we Americans really don’t like to bargain when we go out shopping.
<p> Sure, we like to get the best deals on Black Friday, but we feel uncomfortable asking for a better price at any other time of the year. This is so different to other cultures – for example, you are expected to haggle if you are in a souk in Morocco. Even stranger, we only seem to have this problem when it comes to our personal lives. In business, we always negotiate, and negotiation is part of the tools of the trade for lawyers such as Dr. Shahram Shirkhani. In this article, we explore what we can learn from the world of law and business and how to apply it in our personal lives.
<p> If you manage to build up the courage to negotiate, you would be surprised just how much you can save. It’s nothing to be ashamed of – after all, it’s your money and no retailer has the right to take it off you. As long as you follow some proven negotiation techniques, you can expect to take a considerable amount off the list price of everything from basic clothing to luxury goods.The first thing to understand is that retailers usually have a huge markup on the goods that they sell – in fact, they generally double the amount that they paid. If they are faced with the choice of not making a sale, or taking 20% off and still making a good profit, they more often than not drop the price when you ask. In other words, the price on the ticket is completely arbitrary – otherwise, how could they give the bargains they do during sales and still stay in business?One of the keys to successful negotiation is to pick your time. For instance, if you try to talk to a salesperson on a Saturday afternoon when there are dozens of customers in the store, you probably aren’t going to get much traction – they would rather spend the time with customers who are willing to fork over the full price. However, pick a quiet time – particularly at the end of the month when the retailer is trying to clear out existing stock to make room for new inventory – and it is often a very different story. Even if the salesperson refuses to reduce the price, if you ask nicely to see the manager the chances are that you will get what you want.
<p> When you do try to negotiate, make it a golden rule to always be polite and friendly. Don’t threaten to go somewhere else, or make bad comments about what you are trying to buy. This will just get their backs up and they will say no on principle. Instead, tell them that you are really interested in buying the item, but you hadn’t intended to pay so much. Even look a little sad that you can’t afford it – you would be surprised what a little sympathy can accomplish. Don’t be embarrassed when you do this – after all, you are probably reluctant to pay the full price anyway, and in any case you have nothing to lose.
<h> Wednesday, December 4, 2013
<p> I'm an avid picture-taker. Every trip or vacation I go on, my camera is always on my packing list. I'm constantly snapping shots at any given moment. Since I'm only 5'0, this goes against me when I want to take a picture over a crowd at a concert, or anywhere else where height is a requirement for a certain picture. Wouldn't it be nice if there was a product created that allows you to take the pictures you want even at your current height? Looq is here to make your photography dreams come true.
<p> The Looq is a must for any photography lover. This device is the world's first battery-less remote shutter pole. You simply plug your iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phone into the slot of the Looq and then plug the wire into the earphone jack. After you download the free app from Google Play or the Apple Store, you're ready to go. With a remote shutter, you can enjoy a fabulous picture from any angle, anywhere, and anytime. Your phone fits snugly into the spring-loaded holder that will keep your phone safe while you snap away.
<p> You'll never have to worry about getting that perfect shot anymore. Every shot will be fantastic.
<p> I can think of a myriad of ways to use the Looq. Since it's portable, it conveniently fits into a purse or suitcase for on-the-go use. It's perfect for selfies since it has a mirror attached so you can see yourself as you take the picture. It's always annoying to have your arm in the picture while you try to achieve the perfect selfie. How about a cool action shot while skiing or snowboarding? Since the Looq extends up to a convenient 23 inches, you'll have no problem taking a great picture. Don't forget to bring it to your favorite concert or show so you can take pictures over the crowd.
<p> This would make a wonderful Christmas present for yourself or anyone else. Let the Looq help to turn you into your own personal photographer.
<h> Monday, December 2, 2013
<p> There's nothing that I enjoy more in the fall and winter than a steaming cup of tea or hot chocolate. I like to sip peppermint hot chocolate at work during the day, while I opt for a mug of chamomile tea at night. Warm beverages heat your bones and help to keep the chill of the cold air away. Coffee house drinks are expensive and there's nothing like the convenience of brewing your favorite drinks in your own home.
<p> The Tassimo Brewer will revolutionize how you enjoy hot drinks. This home brewing system brews sensational cups of hot cocoa, flavored coffees, capuccinos, lattes, and rich teas in a matter of seconds. Simply place a T DISC upside down in the brewer to allow the built in technology Intellibrew to scan the barcode on each T DISC. This allows for identifying precise brewing instructions with the exact time, temperature, and water amount for a perfect drink each time. Tassimo has partnered with fabulous beverage name brands like Gevalia, Twinings, and Maxwell House for the T DISCS to ensure the delicious taste that we all know and love. The brewer will look fabulous on your kitchen counter and will do a wonderful job making sure you receive nothing but the best tasting beverages each time you use it. With Christmas just around the corner, a Tassimo brewer would make a fantastic gift for a coffee or tea drinker. Why not treat yourself too?
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive a Tassimo T55 Single Cup Brewing system for review. I am guilty of going to a coffee house and purchasing fancy drinks which are costly. It's much nicer and more convenient to brew your own drinks at home. I was also sent an extremely generous amount of T DISCS. I had a lot of fun going through each package. The variety included chai tea lattes, espressos, peppermint hot chocolates, peppermint mochas, lattes, and more. I really like that the peppermint drinks were sent to ring in the holidays in style.
<p> The machine was a little tricky to initially set up in the beginning. My husband helped and it took some time. You have to flush it out several times before you are allowed to make your first beverage. The machine relies on a filter for its water supply. Once you've completed the flushing stage, you're told to fill up the water reservoir in the back. Make sure that you fill it up enough, or the Tassimo will blink indicating it needs more water. I really love the look of the machine. It's classy and sleek and gives my kitchen an added boost of style. Who doesn't love chrome and black together?
<p> As you can see, the machine is slim and compact. It doesn't take up a lot of room on my countertop.
<p> When it was time to make my first beverage, I was excited. I surveyed my beverage options and decided to go with a chai tea latte. I inserted my T DISC upside down, pushed the start button and prepared myself to go into an uncharted tea latte world. The brewing process was practically instant and about 15 seconds later I was presented with a steaming mug of something that smelled wonderful. The machine was not loud or noisy at all. You would barely know it was on.
<p> The latte was sweet and full of fantastic flavor that reminded me of the holidays. A biscotti or sugar cookie would pair excellently with the beverage for a mid-day pick me up. I'm amazed that a small T DISC can turn into a liquid beverage. I tried a peppermint hot chocolate and an espresso the other night and enjoyed those immensely. The peppermint hot chocolate was rich and luxurious and had a wonderful peppermint flavor that was instantly noticeable. It was like drinking a cup of Christmas. The espresso gave me the boost that I needed and it was truly excellent coffee.
<p> A Tassimo is perfect for parties as everyone can have a drink of their choice, instead of being served only one flavor option from a coffee pot. Coffee lovers will rejoice at having so choices to delight their taste buds with.
<p> I'm really looking forward to trying the rest of the flavors and finding new favorites, as well as buying new options in the future. For right now, my Tassimo is the best part about my mornings and my evenings.
<h> Saturday, November 30, 2013
<p> The holidays are about surrounding yourself with delicious food, friends and family, and warm conversation. When I think of this time of year, I think of overindulgence. Cakes made with rich chocolate frosting, perfectly baked biscuits spread with honey butter, and plenty of wine. Food brings people together and who doesn't want to be enveloped by fabulous food?
<p> Edwards frozen desserts offer unique little indulgences that enrich our everyday lives. The company produces full-sized frozen pies and dessert singles. With fabulous flavors like Hershey's crème pie, Reese's crème pie, key lime pie, and banana crème pie among many others, how can you go wrong? The pies pack a big flavor and certainly don't lack taste and sweetness. They go from fridge to table in a short time. Don't forget to accompany your slice with a steaming mug of coffee or tea.
<p> My parents came to visit for Thanksgiving and I knew I had to serve them something out of this world. Everyone in my family loves chocolate, so a pie bursting with chocolate flavor would be the ultimate dessert for them. I finally decided on the Hershey's crème pie. As soon as I selected it, I knew it was the perfect pick.
<p> This incredible dessert is layered with delicious Hershey's chocolate. From the chocolate crumb crust to the chocolate and vanilla crème fillings with chocolate chips and drizzle on top, it's a chocolate lover's dream.
<p> How amazing does this pie look? I want a piece right now. From the moment I put the pie on the table, my family couldn't wait to dig in. The pie sliced easily and flawlessly and soon each family member had a slice of heaven on their plate. From the moment I sampled my first bite, I was in absolute heaven. The cool chocolate was rich and sweet. I quickly ate the rest of my piece in seconds flat. I didn't even want to speak in between bites. It was that good! My taste buds burst into a song honoring the chocolate gods. I truly loved the combination of the sweet and creamy chocolate ﻿and vanilla crème together. It was magical. The chocolate chips and drizzle on top was just an added bonus. The best part of all was the chocolate crumb crust. It was a thick sweet blanket that hugged the chocolate pie in a warm embrace.
<p> My entire family devoured their first piece and quickly asked for seconds. They said it was the best piece of pie that they've had in a very long time. It was also asked if the dessert was made from scratch, since they had a hard time believing that it was frozen.
<p> If you're looking for a fabulous pie that will leave your family speechless, I recommend any choice from Edwards.
<h> Tuesday, November 26, 2013
<p> When I think of the type of person who starts a business, I picture someone with intense training and schooling. This person has studied business in their undergraduate degree and possibly even received a masters in it. A normal person may feel that their goal of owning their own business is unreachable. You may be surprised at just how easy it is to own your own franchise though.
<p> Are you interested in starting your own business, or know someone who is? 1,000 people with a net worth of over $200,000 were surveyed and the results were very interesting.
<p> 56% are planning on opening or starting a business in the next 12-18 months. (Either alone or with a partner.)
<p> 25% are females looking to start their own business.
<p> 56% looking to start a business are planning on having a business partner.
<p> 31% of the people looking to start a business are planning on going into business with a spouse or domestic partner. (That’s roughly 10% of all respondents.)
<p> 30% of respondents looking to start a business are going into business with a friend and 26% are going into business with a colleague.
<p> Females are more likely to go into business with a spouse or domestic partner than males.
<p> Some might be scared to go into business alone and would like the help of a business partner. This chart lays out the facts of how business partners are usually related.
<p> If you're researching franchising opportunities, Supercuts is always a fabulous one to get into. It's extremely rewarding. Don't let your business ownership dreams go to waste! It's never too late.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post in conjunction with a Supercuts campaign. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, November 25, 2013
<p> I've mentioned recently that the holidays can be extremely stressful. Thanksgiving is almost here and all of the cooking prep ahead of me is definitely headache worthy. I'm trying not to think about it! The holidays begin soon after Halloween and we all just seem to be constantly on the go until New Year's Eve. I absolutely love the holidays and all of the joy and festivities. Not to mention that I love spending time with family and friends. All of this combined can definitely bring on a migraine or headache though. It's important to take some time for yourself and not get stressed out.
<p> Excedrin is an over-the-counter headache pain reliever, typically in the form of tablets or caplets. It contains acetaminophen (paracetamol), aspirin, and caffeine. It is heavenly headache relief in the form of a small tablet. Excedrin is the first non-prescription medicine approved by the FDA to treat all the symptoms of a migraine. I rely on Excedrin for relief and it's the only medicine I will take for a migraine.
<p> It's a fact that nobody enjoys having to deal with a migraine or headache. That's why the makers of Excedrin invite you to take a holiday from headaches. To find relief, all you have to do is follow these simple steps provided by Dr. Keri Peterson, M.D.
<p> Stick to your regular routine. Eating, sleeping, and exercising as you do the rest of the year can help reduce the chances of getting a headache.
<p> Manage your time and plan ahead. Coordinate plans and responsibilities in advance with relatives, compose set menus when hosting a party and try to purchase gifts early so you're not rushing at the last minute.
<p> Stay in ventilated spaces. As you browse through the mall, watch out for those scented candles or perfume if you're sensitive to smells.
<p> Eat and drink in moderation. Eat, drink, and be merry, but try not to consume sweets or alcoholic beverages in excess as they could trigger headaches.
<p> If you follow these simple steps, you'll be on your way to a headache free holiday season!
<p> Don't forget to visit Excedrin's Facebook page between November 1, 2013 and January 1, 2014 to enter the “Take a Holiday from Headaches” sweepstakes. You'll be eligible for a chance to win daily prizes including gift cards to popular retailers. One lucky grand prize of $25,000 to help with shopping, travel and other holiday expenses! See official rules here.
<p> One lucky winner will win a $100 American Express gift card to help with their holiday shopping!
<h> Friday, November 22, 2013
<p> The holidays can be a stressful time for most. You're running around buying gifts, planning holiday meals, entertaining friends and family, and just constantly on the go. Some dread the chaos of the holidays and are happy when it's all over. It's important to make some time to for yourself to de-stress and relax, even if just for a short period of time.
<p> Soothie Massager offers a heatable massager made from a custom-designed, high density polymer that contains the ideal moisture content to be heated safely in a microwave. The product applies soothing heat and pressure directly to tight muscles and painful knots. Just lean into any wall and feel your aches and pains disappear in a flash. The Soothie Massager offers a full body massage starting from your head and ending at your toes. The heat will provide a more enjoyable massage. Can't you just imagine coming home from a long day at work and massaging away all tension in your body? You'll feel rejuvenated and ready to tackle a new day! The best part is that you don't even have to leave your home for a fabulous massage.
<p> I'm ready to kick those aches and pains to the curb!
<p> If you're looking for stocking stuffers for Christmas, a Soothie Massager would make an ideal one. If you want to make the massager a full present, why not pair it with bubble bath, candles, and a gift certificate for a facial for the ultimate relaxation gift? The recipient will love it!
<p> Whenever you need a pick-me-up, just pull out the Soothie Massager and be prepared to feel like a new person afterwards.
<h> Thursday, November 21, 2013
<p> It's essential to properly take care of your skin. It's important that you regularly moisturize, cleanse, and exfoliate. You should always use products that are infused with vitamins, minerals, and ingredients that will keep your skin looking its best. Now that the cold weather's here, it's vital to keep that dry skin at bay. Equitance shares my philosophy and believes in healthy, beautiful skin.
<p> Equitance is a popular Japanese skincare brand that is now in the United States. The brand works inside and out to restore and nourish skin. Grounded in Japanese traditions, Equitance's brightening collection contains Japanese herbs, as well as clinically proven ingredients developed through 18 years of brightening research. This is surely the ideal balance of eastern and western skincare practices. Equitance's best selling brightening serum and dark spot corrector is a wonderful product for those who are self conscious about their skin. The unique delivery system and patented blend of brightening ingredients improve the appearance of skin tone, blotchiness, and dark spots. With regular use of the Equitance brightening regimen, skin looks clearer, brighter, and more radiant. It also makes an excellent gift or stocking stuffer. What lady doesn't enjoy skincare products?
<p> It's time to not be embarrassed of your skin anymore. The brightening serum and dark spot corrector is proven to even dull skintone making dark spots less noticeable. It also helps to strengthen the skin's protective moisture barrier with essential fatty acids to maximize the efficacy of the ingredients. Skin is soothed with calming ingredients and concentrated miniaturization to reveal younger looking skin.
<p> Take a stand today and be confident at the face that looks back at you in the mirror. Remember, you only have one face. Why not be as happy with it as possible?
<h> Wednesday, November 20, 2013
<p> Fall is here and in full swing. While I hate the cold, I do love the cooler weather fashion. Furry boots, belted cardigans, riding boots, and sweaters are all on my list of Fall favorites. There's just something so comforting about an oversized sweater and boots. I enjoy starting off each new season with new clothes. I feel that every person should regularly treat themselves to wonderful clothes or accessories.
<p> Kohl's is your one stop shop for women, men, and children's clothing. Kohl's also features accessories, housewares, shoes and much more. It's truly a shopper's paradise. Need a new outfit for your upcoming Christmas party or maybe your son needs a new pair of jeans for school? No problem, Kohl's has you covered. They have the latest fashions at unbeatable prices. The clothes are made well and last. Christmas is rapidly approaching. Do you have all of your decorations ready to display in the next few weeks? Make sure to consider purchasing your Christmas tree and Santa decorations from Kohl's if you're still looking for decorations! Keep them in mind for your Christmas gift needs too. As you can see, Kohl's really does have it all.
<p> What I love most about Kohl's is that they always have something that I love each time I walk into the store. I sometimes lack self control and purchase things I don't truly need, but just like. I'm working on that issue. :) They have affordable prices with items always on sale, which is another plus of why I enjoy shopping there.
<p> Kohl's was kind enough to allow me to pick some Fall pieces for review. I've worked with Kohl's so many times now and I really enjoy partnering with them. It's always a fun experience. I browsed their website and fell in love with practically everything I saw. Since it wasn't possible for me to choose everything, I had to narrow it down to just a few items. That was a hard task and it took me a while to make my final decisions! I finally settled on five items that I truly loved. I tried to choose versatile pieces that were unlike anything I currently owned. Fashion is something I'm passionate about and I'm always up for trying new patterns, styles, and colors.
<p> I come in red, white, black, and blue!
<p> The Elle crochet overlay top was the first item I put into my cart. The second I saw it, I knew I had to own it. It had a vintage vibe that I absolutely loved. I contemplated choosing the black color, but I own so many black tops. Color is important for livening everything up in the Fall. The top fits me well and is comfortable on. It's form fitting, but not too clingy. I love the crochet flowers, it reminds me of the 70's. The flower detail is only on the front, which I actually prefer. I think it would be too much to have it on both the front and back. The flowers are securely adhered to the top. The red is more of an orangey red which is perfect for Fall, but it is slightly brighter in person. I can wear the top to work with dress pants, and also have it work well for an evening out with jeans and brown or black boots.
<p> Roar!
<p> I'm the queen of leopard. I love anything featuring leopard print and will actively seek it out. I think animal print is important for jazzing things up in moderation in a wardrobe. The Apt 9 essential cheetah tee was right up my alley. The material is very soft, comfortable, and seems well made. The colors are bright and vivid. I love that the leopard print is completely all over the shirt, instead of just in certain areas. I can picture going out with my husband or friends for a night out wearing this top with skinny jeans and black or brown riding boots. I might even wear this with black dress pants and gold jewelry to work. Leopard print adds an element of fun to any outfit.
<p> The flower print is so easy to fall in love with.
<p> I own many tops from Daisy Fuente's line at Kohl's. She always has adorable tops at fantastic prices. When I saw the Daisy Fuentes favorite scroll tee, I knew it would quickly become my favorite tee too! The cute black and white flower pattern is very pretty. The top fits me well and isn't too clingy, which I like. I think it looks good on me. The colors aren't bright and bold, but more muted. I wouldn't think to pair the top with a necklace like the model has on in the picture. I thought since the print was already busy the necklace would be too much, but I think it works well and I will consider wearing a necklace with it. Pair this outfit with skinny jeans and riding boots, or even bootleg jeans and clogs for a fashionable look. Black or gold jewelry would compliment the top well.
<p> Let's party!
<p> This is my absolute favorite top of all for sure. The Daisy Fuentes floral knot-front top is so flattering on, and perfect for holiday parties. I know I made a great choice when I chose my second Daisy top! I really like the cute dark blue and black floral pattern. The colors pair excellently together and the print is very feminine. It fits me well and I'm happy with how it looks on. The knot detail on top helps bring an added element of style and completes the look. I would wear this outfit out to dinner or to a party with black or silver jewelry, skinny jeans and boots, You could even pair it with a black skirt for work.
<p> Finally, I settled on something a little bit different than the previous pieces I've mentioned. Since it's chilly outside, I wanted to choose something to help me stay extra warm. I debated on choosing pajamas, but I have so many pairs so I figured that wouldn't be a smart idea. I knew a belted cardigan would be a wise choice.
<p> I'll keep you comfy-cozy!
<p> What's cozier than a sweater in the Fall? That would be a belted cardigan of course! The rewind geometric cardigan is the perfect pick. I was drawn to this cardigan because the pattern reminded me of a Native American style. The cardigan fits me well and is extremely comfortable. It is slightly baggy under my arms, but I can't figure out if that's the style because it fits well everywhere else. The belt is easy to tie and the cardigan stays securely closed when tied. The black color is deep, rich and beautiful. The tan compliments the black nicely. I love the pattern that is featured all over the cardigan. You can wear a black or grey shirt underneath. Either color works fine. I can't wait to wear this with bootleg jeans and stiletto boots. I think it would be a really fun outfit. Don't forget gold or black earrings!
<p> As you can see, Kohl's has some wonderful pieces that any lady would appreciate having in her wardrobe. Head on over to Kohl's today for some retail therapy.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* A big thank you to Kohl's for supplying me with a gift card to cover these items. All thoughts are strictly mine.
<p> While the holidays are fun and festive, they can really take a toll on one's wallet. Buying gifts for friends and family doesn't come cheap. I love to give gifts and I tend to overspend on each gift, which can be a problem. There is an alternative though. Why not create a homemade gift that is filled with thoughtfulness and love? The recipient will surely love and cherish it for years to come. A wonderful gift doesn't have to break the bank.
<p> LillyD's Craft Supplies is an Etsy shop that was founded by owner Lilly, but is now operated primarily by her daughter Sonya and son-in-law Brad. The shop primarily sells various craft supplies including pendant kits and trays, glass cabochons, pendant necklaces, keychain kits, photo tray kits, and much more. If you love walking into a craft store and spending time admiring everything, this shop is like an online craft store. You never know what goodies you'll find! Why not use the items for sale and create a fabulous Christmas present for your grandma this year? She'll love a keychain with a photo of her grandchildren in it. Don't forget mom's gift either. How about a vintage pendent necklace for her? The best part about Lilly D's is that they accept custom orders. Let your creativity soar and order the perfect gift for that special someone.
<p> Here are some examples of what you'll see at Lilly D's Etsy shop.
<p> As you can see this is a craft lover's paradise. Why not stop by today and get those holiday craft gifts going?
