<h> Wednesday, November 20, 2013
<p> Fall is here and in full swing. While I hate the cold, I do love the cooler weather fashion. Furry boots, belted cardigans, riding boots, and sweaters are all on my list of Fall favorites. There's just something so comforting about an oversized sweater and boots. I enjoy starting off each new season with new clothes. I feel that every person should regularly treat themselves to wonderful clothes or accessories.
<p> Kohl's is your one stop shop for women, men, and children's clothing. Kohl's also features accessories, housewares, shoes and much more. It's truly a shopper's paradise. Need a new outfit for your upcoming Christmas party or maybe your son needs a new pair of jeans for school? No problem, Kohl's has you covered. They have the latest fashions at unbeatable prices. The clothes are made well and last. Christmas is rapidly approaching. Do you have all of your decorations ready to display in the next few weeks? Make sure to consider purchasing your Christmas tree and Santa decorations from Kohl's if you're still looking for decorations! Keep them in mind for your Christmas gift needs too. As you can see, Kohl's really does have it all.
<p> What I love most about Kohl's is that they always have something that I love each time I walk into the store. I sometimes lack self control and purchase things I don't truly need, but just like. I'm working on that issue. :) They have affordable prices with items always on sale, which is another plus of why I enjoy shopping there.
<p> Kohl's was kind enough to allow me to pick some Fall pieces for review. I've worked with Kohl's so many times now and I really enjoy partnering with them. It's always a fun experience. I browsed their website and fell in love with practically everything I saw. Since it wasn't possible for me to choose everything, I had to narrow it down to just a few items. That was a hard task and it took me a while to make my final decisions! I finally settled on five items that I truly loved. I tried to choose versatile pieces that were unlike anything I currently owned. Fashion is something I'm passionate about and I'm always up for trying new patterns, styles, and colors.
<p> I come in red, white, black, and blue!
<p> The Elle crochet overlay top was the first item I put into my cart. The second I saw it, I knew I had to own it. It had a vintage vibe that I absolutely loved. I contemplated choosing the black color, but I own so many black tops. Color is important for livening everything up in the Fall. The top fits me well and is comfortable on. It's form fitting, but not too clingy. I love the crochet flowers, it reminds me of the 70's. The flower detail is only on the front, which I actually prefer. I think it would be too much to have it on both the front and back. The flowers are securely adhered to the top. The red is more of an orangey red which is perfect for Fall, but it is slightly brighter in person. I can wear the top to work with dress pants, and also have it work well for an evening out with jeans and brown or black boots.
<p> Roar!
<p> I'm the queen of leopard. I love anything featuring leopard print and will actively seek it out. I think animal print is important for jazzing things up in moderation in a wardrobe. The Apt 9 essential cheetah tee was right up my alley. The material is very soft, comfortable, and seems well made. The colors are bright and vivid. I love that the leopard print is completely all over the shirt, instead of just in certain areas. I can picture going out with my husband or friends for a night out wearing this top with skinny jeans and black or brown riding boots. I might even wear this with black dress pants and gold jewelry to work. Leopard print adds an element of fun to any outfit.
<p> The flower print is so easy to fall in love with.
<p> I own many tops from Daisy Fuente's line at Kohl's. She always has adorable tops at fantastic prices. When I saw the Daisy Fuentes favorite scroll tee, I knew it would quickly become my favorite tee too! The cute black and white flower pattern is very pretty. The top fits me well and isn't too clingy, which I like. I think it looks good on me. The colors aren't bright and bold, but more muted. I wouldn't think to pair the top with a necklace like the model has on in the picture. I thought since the print was already busy the necklace would be too much, but I think it works well and I will consider wearing a necklace with it. Pair this outfit with skinny jeans and riding boots, or even bootleg jeans and clogs for a fashionable look. Black or gold jewelry would compliment the top well.
<p> Let's party!
<p> This is my absolute favorite top of all for sure. The Daisy Fuentes floral knot-front top is so flattering on, and perfect for holiday parties. I know I made a great choice when I chose my second Daisy top! I really like the cute dark blue and black floral pattern. The colors pair excellently together and the print is very feminine. It fits me well and I'm happy with how it looks on. The knot detail on top helps bring an added element of style and completes the look. I would wear this outfit out to dinner or to a party with black or silver jewelry, skinny jeans and boots, You could even pair it with a black skirt for work.
<p> Finally, I settled on something a little bit different than the previous pieces I've mentioned. Since it's chilly outside, I wanted to choose something to help me stay extra warm. I debated on choosing pajamas, but I have so many pairs so I figured that wouldn't be a smart idea. I knew a belted cardigan would be a wise choice.
<p> I'll keep you comfy-cozy!
<p> What's cozier than a sweater in the Fall? That would be a belted cardigan of course! The rewind geometric cardigan is the perfect pick. I was drawn to this cardigan because the pattern reminded me of a Native American style. The cardigan fits me well and is extremely comfortable. It is slightly baggy under my arms, but I can't figure out if that's the style because it fits well everywhere else. The belt is easy to tie and the cardigan stays securely closed when tied. The black color is deep, rich and beautiful. The tan compliments the black nicely. I love the pattern that is featured all over the cardigan. You can wear a black or grey shirt underneath. Either color works fine. I can't wait to wear this with bootleg jeans and stiletto boots. I think it would be a really fun outfit. Don't forget gold or black earrings!
<p> As you can see, Kohl's has some wonderful pieces that any lady would appreciate having in her wardrobe. Head on over to Kohl's today for some retail therapy.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* A big thank you to Kohl's for supplying me with a gift card to cover these items. All thoughts are strictly mine.
<p> While the holidays are fun and festive, they can really take a toll on one's wallet. Buying gifts for friends and family doesn't come cheap. I love to give gifts and I tend to overspend on each gift, which can be a problem. There is an alternative though. Why not create a homemade gift that is filled with thoughtfulness and love? The recipient will surely love and cherish it for years to come. A wonderful gift doesn't have to break the bank.
<p> LillyD's Craft Supplies is an Etsy shop that was founded by owner Lilly, but is now operated primarily by her daughter Sonya and son-in-law Brad. The shop primarily sells various craft supplies including pendant kits and trays, glass cabochons, pendant necklaces, keychain kits, photo tray kits, and much more. If you love walking into a craft store and spending time admiring everything, this shop is like an online craft store. You never know what goodies you'll find! Why not use the items for sale and create a fabulous Christmas present for your grandma this year? She'll love a keychain with a photo of her grandchildren in it. Don't forget mom's gift either. How about a vintage pendent necklace for her? The best part about Lilly D's is that they accept custom orders. Let your creativity soar and order the perfect gift for that special someone.
<p> Here are some examples of what you'll see at Lilly D's Etsy shop.
<p> As you can see this is a craft lover's paradise. Why not stop by today and get those holiday craft gifts going?
<h> Tuesday, November 19, 2013
<p> What do you think of when you envision holiday desserts? I think of pumpkin or apple pie, cinnamon cakes, and of course peppermint bark, among others. One seasonal treat that people don't always consider a part of the holidays is baklava. It is a wonderful holiday dessert. Go ahead and delight your guests' stomach with this sweet and nutty treat. It certainly deserves a spot on your holiday dessert table this year!
<p> Baklava King is truly the kingdom for all of your baklava and borek needs. If you aren't familiar with baklava, you're in for a true treat. Baklava is a dessert originating in the Middle East that's made from phyllo pastry, filled with chopped nuts, and soaked in a honey syrup. It is absolute heaven. Boreks consist of thin pastry dough filled with cheese, spinach, or ground meat. They are either baked or fried. Baklava King was founded in San Diego in 2002 and has been serving gourmet baklava and borek pastry varieties made with the finest all American ingredients ever since. If you're looking for unique baklava flavors, how about delighting your taste buds with walnut, pistachio, or chocolate pistachio baklava? You can't forget to try the almond, cinnamon, or hazelnut flavors either! If you're looking for a savory borek, why not try a spinach and feta flavor, or a kalamata borek puff? There are so many flavors available for anyone's tastes and preferences. The baklava and boreks are shippable which can make perfect Christmas presents for the foodie in your life.
<p> My love affair with baklava started only last week! It was on the dessert menu at a restaurant I was dining at. I've always heard good things about the sweet treat and I wanted to try it. From the minute I stuck my fork into the dessert and brought it to my mouth, I was in love. The kind of love where you know you're head over heels instantly. From that moment on, baklava was all I could think of. When I was told I would be receiving a shipment of baklava from the king himself for review, liquid honey syrup pumped through my heart in place of blood. I was so excited!
<p> Not long after, two boxes showed up containing a half order of spinach and feta boreks, and a large assorted sampler of various baklava! What more could you want out of life? Nothing. Each box was wrapped with care and the contents arrived quickly and in perfect condition.
<p> I planned my dinner around the boreks, because I knew I couldn't control myself from trying one. They come pre-cooked, you just have to heat them for 15-20 min in the oven at 350 degrees.
<p> This box holds the key to my heart.
<p> Spinach and feta makes everything better.
<p> How awesome do these boreks look? They made my kitchen smell delicious. My husband came home when these were almost finished heating up and wanted to know what I was cooking because it smelled amazing! He was very delighted when he found out what was in the oven. I love the beautiful golden brown color on top. You can see the individual flaky layers inside too. These boreks were square slices of heaven. I couldn't believe how fresh they tasted for traveling over 3,000 miles! It was like they were baked moments ago and given to me. The pastry was flaky and buttery and melt in your mouth delicious. The inside filling contained a generous amount of spinach and feta. Spinach and feta is a fabulous combination that you can't resist. The feta was tangy and blanketed my taste buds with rich, cheesy flavor.
<p> Soon after, the box of baklava was calling my name. I couldn't resist its phyllo spell over me and I knew I had to oblige. The problem was that I wasn't sure which one to choose first. Each one looked better than the last. The instructions said to keep the baklava in the fridge for as long as possible as the flavor gets even better if kept cold.
<p> Keep your hands off the baklava and nobody gets hurt.
<p> Have you ever seen anything so gorgeous in your entire life? I haven't. It's like I won the baklava jackpot! The various flavors in the box included: pistachio, walnut, chocolate, almond/pecan, and cinnamon/walnut. If you know me, you know I'm a chocoholic, so if you assumed I tried the chocolate first, you're right. As soon as I took my first bite, I was on a rocket ship straight to planet baklava. You really can taste all of the flavors at once instantly. The many layers of chewy phyllo, the crunch of the chopped nuts, the sweet sugar lemon-juice syrup that they use, and the light chocolate drizzle. It was incredible. My taste buds exploded like the fourth of July! I like that the baklava was made into "sticks" instead of the large triangles. This is a scaled down version of the dessert and you don't feel as guilty for eating it. The treat was extremely fresh and I had to control myself from digging in and just going nuts! Baklava goes excellently with a cup of tea.
<p> I look forward to trying the rest of the baklava soon. I have no self control against it and I'm sure I will be enjoying many more pieces in the near future. If you're looking to treat yourself this holiday season, the Baklava King is ready to have you join him in the baklava kingdom.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Sunday, November 17, 2013
<p> Thanksgiving is on everyone's mind these days. It's getting so close! Most of us are starting to food shop for the holiday meal, or are already in the process of. Like any holiday meal prep, Thanksgiving can be hectic. Wouldn't it be nice to create a crowd-pleasing dish that takes minimal time to make?
<p> Country Crock buttery spread has 70% less saturated fat than butter and 30% more fewer calories. The spread contains 30 calories per serving and comes in many different flavors. This is a guilt free spread that will liven up your foods and make your taste buds sing. What I love most about Country Crock is that there are so many uses for the spread, why not experiment with a new way today? How about using it in a casserole dish that will become a family favorite, or on fabulous freshly baked bread? Whatever way you use Country Crock, I can guarantee you will enjoy it.
<p> This is my last and final kit as a member of the Country Crock Casserole Club. This time, I was sent a kit that revolved around Thanksgiving. The kit contained panko bread crumbs and a Wusthof chef's knife. A recipe card was provided for me that I was to make my own. The initial recipe was a Thanksgiving family fave veggie casserole. It included ingredients such as chopped onions, mixed veggies, cheese, and panko bread crumbs. I am not a fan of onions so I knew right away that I didn't want to include those in the recipe. Since there was no meat in the initial recipe, I felt that it wasn't a very hearty Fall meal. With just veggies in it, it seemed like more of a side dish than anything else. To take it from a side dish to a main entrée, you need to include more of a substantial, filling ingredient.
<p> I thought about what I wanted to include in the recipe and I ventured off to the store. I purchased ground beef, shredded cheese, corn, lots of broccoli, and shredded carrots. I then got to work that evening preparing the casserole. Casseroles are something that I make a lot of. They are very easy to make, incorporate items everyone loves, and take little time. My husband usually eats practically the entire casserole dish too. What more could I ask for? I cooked and drained the entire pack of ground beef, while I chopped the broccoli. Since it's just my husband and I, I cut the recipe in half and used only four cups of mixed veggies. Next, I assembled the ground beef into the casserole dish and poured in the veggies. Then, I added about a cup of shredded cheddar cheese and corn. I mixed everything together and then topped generously with the provided panko bread crumbs. I absolutely love panko bread crumbs. They have a bigger crunch than just regular bread crumbs and they bring a lot of texture to a dish. I popped the dish into the oven and baked it for 25 minutes.
<p> Thanksgiving, here we come!
<p> What I like most about this dish is how colorful it is. The corn, carrots, and broccoli really look beautiful together. I also love how healthy it is since so many veggies are incorporated. The ground beef truly ties everything together and kicks the heartiness up a notch. I think the cheese also adds a nice hint of sharp cheddar flavor to everything as well. You can't forget the satisfying crunch provided by the panko bread crumbs. One of the reasons why I've really enjoyed being a Country Crock Casserole member is that I get to create many dishes that I would have never previously thought of. It's always fun to experiment and make new meals. My husband and I really enjoyed the dish and he requested that I make it again soon!
<p> Moms everywhere will enjoy a quick meal that takes practically no time to make at all. I think from prep to being on the table was about 30 minutes. You can't beat that! Another good idea would be to take Thanksgiving leftovers and create a casserole from them. It makes leftovers a little more fun for children as it's not just the same thing they had for dinner the previous night. Happy cooking!
<h> Thursday, November 14, 2013
<p> Thanksgiving is just around the corner. If you're in search of a new crowd-pleasing dish to make everyone's stomachs smile, I have some fantastic recipes for you. Swanson branded chicken stock and broth is a must for the holiday season. Happy cooking!
<p> 2) Heat the butter in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots, chestnuts, figs and celery and cook until the celery is tender, stirring occasionally.
<p> 3) Stir the honey and broth in the saucepan and heat to a boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the parsley and stuffing and mix lightly. Spoon the stuffing mixture into a greased 3-quart casserole. Cover the casserole.
<p> 4) Bake for 30 minutes or until the stuffing mixture is hot.
<p> *Disclosure* I was not compensated by Swanson for this post, I am only sharing holiday themed recipes.
<h> Wednesday, November 13, 2013
<p> There's nothing like the jarring ring of an alarm clock in the morning. We're all too familiar with that noise of doom telling us it's time to get up and ready for the day. Now that it's cold outside, we want to stay in our warm and cozy bed more than ever. It's important to make sure you have an alarm clock that will wake you up on time so you're not late for work or school.
<p> Amplicom offers quality amplified telephones and accessories for a better quality of life. As we age, our hearing is not what it used to be. We might have to raise the volume on our TV or phone over time. This is hard for some to accept, but it's nothing to be embarrassed about. The corded and cordless telephones, along with the amplified alarm clocks are made for those who are hard of hearing and sight impaired. The phone's ring is extra loud and the buttons and display screen are enlarged. The digital and analogue alarm clocks offer big number displays as well as the option to announce the time. There's no way your elderly parents or grandparents will miss a phone call or wake-up time now! This is a great way for them to keep on track and keep their independence. Amplicom products make wonderful presents for the upcoming holidays or any occasion.
<p> While Amplicom's products are ideal for the elderly, they are not solely targeted for them. The alarm clocks are perfect for sleep deprived high school and collect students who are trying to establish their independence. Also, for anyone who has ever slept through their alarm and missed an important flight, meeting, or class.
<p> My husband has trouble getting out of bed in the morning. The alarm clock will ring and he will turn it off and go back to sleep. This is dangerous because he has to get up and get ready for work. Luckily, I wake up before him and always pester him about getting up. Sometimes I go to work before he gets up and then he's on his own. He needs the equivalent of someone blowing a whistle directly in his ear. Fortunately, an Amplicom alarm clock is the alarm version of that.
<p> He received the TLC 200 Digital Alarm Clock from Amplicom. The alarm clock includes a chargeable pad that slips under the pillow and vibrates to wake the sleeper up. It also has an extra loud 90dB ringer, so there's the option to use either the shaker pad, ringer, or both at the same time. I can't guarantee that the sleeper will be happy about both options at once though!
<p> Wake up!
<p> The alarm clock is fabulous so far. I've set it up on my husband's nightstand and he likes how it looks. The large number display is convenient and I like that I can easily see the time from far away. Since it's black, it easily blends into any decor in your bedroom. I prefer the digital version rather than the analogue. A loud voice announces the time and alarm time in 5 selectable languages, depending on what your preference is. The most convenient feature is the dual alarm time setting, if you and your spouse get up at different times. There are many other features like selectable ring patterns, wake-up daily, weekdays only, or weekends only, and more.
<p> The alarm is loud and will wake you up instantly. You don't have to worry about being late for wherever you're going anymore! My husband's not a fan of the shaker pad, he feels it's a harsh way to wake up in the morning, but others way find it necessary for the wake-up process. Since he recently received it, he's still figuring out all of the options. He really is enjoying the clock so far and hopefully will have no more issues with waking up on time in the future.
<p> The only thing I would change about this alarm clock is including a radio in it. Most alarm clocks feature a radio, and I was surprised that this one did not feature one.
<p> If you're looking to revolutionize your wake-up routine in the morning, Amplicom is ready to get you out of bed!
<p> If you're getting ready to cook a large meal for friends and family for Thanksgiving, you really need to check out the new food and drink app. It's free for Windows 8.1. The app provides you with a comprehensive guide for instruction and inspiration from your tablet to the table. It features recipes, an extensive wine guide, tutorial videos, and hands-free interaction with recipes while cooking.
<p> I had the pleasure of speaking with Tom Colicchio, best known as a judge from Top Chef, this morning. I was able to ask him questions about the app and learn more about it. Check out my interview below. It's very informative!
<h> Tuesday, November 12, 2013
<p> Holiday shopping is in full swing! I know it's hard to believe, but Christmas is truly around the corner. Parents and families around the world are crossing gifts off their lists for friends and relatives. Are you in the process of searching for a gift for that certain someone, but don't know exactly what to buy? Skip the requisite gift card or candle present this year and give them something they'll really love!
<p> Mujus﻿ designs and handmakes earth-friendly accessories that stand out for their vibrant colors and elegant, yet rustic beauty. Their goal is to show the combination of man and nature can be used to create iconic and elegant designs. Mujus aims to hire and train young Peruvian women so they can learn a craft and also provide them a source of income. The jewelry collection includes necklaces, bracelets, cufflinks, earrings, keychains, pins, and rings. All of the pieces are full of life, color, and beauty. There are many different styles for everyone's taste and preference. If you're looking for a piece of jewelry that is unlike what everyone else is wearing, Mujus is the brand for you. The jewelry also makes an excellent gift for practically any occasion.
<p> The ABC bracelet is beautiful! Mujus takes the bangle look back to basics with a strong geometric shape and bold colors. The cuff showcases the unique bark of each tagua seed, making each bracelet truly one of a kind. It's an eco-conscious design made for the modern woman, and a great way to add a splash of color to your look.
<p> Can't you just picture wearing this bracelet now? It comes in a range of different colors to suit anyone's style. I love the dark and light color elements throughout it, it's certainly a unique look! All you have to do is figure out what outfit to pair it with now.
<h> Monday, November 11, 2013
<p> We've hit that time of year where sickness is prevalent. We are taking preventive measures to protect ourselves against sickness. It's vital that we constantly wash our hands or sanitize them when water is not available, and cover our mouths when we sneeze. This is especially important for children. It seems like everywhere we turn, someone is sick. It's time to keep those germs at bay and have a healthy and happy holiday season.
<p> Mother's Therapy Organics are natural cleansing products for young, sensitive skin. The product line-up includes kids hand sanitizer, germ fight'n hand lotion, baby lotion, and travel size hand sanitizer. The sanitizers have a 99.99% germ-kill ratio. The company uses the purest organic and natural ingredients that have quick-dry properties. As the natural alcohol evaporates, it leaves behind a skin-softening aloe vera based lotion which become infused into the skin. No extra rubbing is required. The best part is that since this is non-greasy, it can be used as often as needed without the worry of damage to sensitive skin. Trust Mother's Therapy Organics to keep the germs at bay.
<p> Nothing is easier and more convenient than throwing a small bottle of hand sanitizer in your purse or book bag for on-the-go use. Clip it onto a purse or duffel bag. Don't worry about touching something dirty and having to wait to wash your hands, those germs will be killed and replaced with the pleasant scent of cucumber. These hand sanitizers come in a handy pack that will keep the whole family safe from germs.
<h> Saturday, November 9, 2013
<p> Are you looking for something fun to do in Orlando, Florida? If you want to take the whole family to something entertaining and affordable, I have just the option for you!
<p> Medieval Times comes to life inside the stone walls of their 11th century style castle. Medieval Spain is presented as six knights donning authentic armor, clash in a jousting tournament for the title of King's Champion. You are served a full meal while you enjoy the show too.
<p> Now through December 1st, there's a special on tickets for Florida residents. Adult tickets are $33.95, with a savings of $26, while kids tickets are $29.95, with a savings of $6. Use code FLRBLG when booking tickets. You can purchase tickets here. Get ready to have a jousting good time!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received complimentary tickets in exchange for this post.
<h> Thursday, November 7, 2013
<p> If you've been a long time reader of Sammi's Blog of Life, than you know I'm very into jewelry. Shopping online is something I frequently do, and lately I've been buying a lot of sparkly accessories. I've had the same accessories for a long time and I'm looking to spruce up my jewelry armoire. My jewelry style would be best described as chunky necklaces and earrings, and large bangle bracelets. I can't pass up a cute cocktail ring either. Have you thought about adding some new pieces to your jewelry collection lately?
<p> Bijuju is a boutique based out of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina but they also have an online shop. The online store sells jewelry, accessories, bags, watches, scarves, and more. If you're looking for a fabulous necklace or pair of earrings, Bijuju is your jewelry go-to. The bags and watches are adorable, and the scarves are perfect now that cooler weather is here. There's something for everyone at Bijuju, and you'll soon discover that it will be hard to control yourself from buying everything! If you're looking for a gift, Bijuju's items for sale would make an ideal thank you or birthday present.
<p> The Kendall tote is a perfect carry-all that will hold everything in style.
<p> The tote is made from vegan leather, and is very soft. I really like the neutral tan color that goes well with any hue. It's a large roomy bag that holds anything you could possibly need from a laptop to your cell phone and car keys, to books and your daily organizer. The zippered pockets are perfect for holding money or chapstick. The gold chain straps are stylish and add a nice element of fashion to the bag. It's comfortable to wear on my shoulder or carry on the crook of my arm. It's not heavy at all. It's a bag that has some weight to it, so you can tell it's not made flimsy. I usually use large, spacious bags to travel with on vacation. When I go on my honeymoon in December, I will be certainly using this to fly with to hold everything my husband and I need. Beyond the honeymoon, it's a perfect bag for everyday use too.
<p> This beautiful set deserves to be worn at all times.
<p> I don't own any necklace and earring sets. Usually, I wear a necklace or earrings but never both at the same time. I used to think it was too matchy matchy to wear both, but lately I've changed my mind about that idea. As soon as I saw this set, I knew I had to own it. The colors are what instantly drew me in. I love the silver with the gold and black, and it all looks very elegant when paired together. I can think of many different outfits to pair this set with. The necklace looks great on and is not heavy on my neck at all. It stays securely closed when I wear it. The oval shaped design of the necklace is unique. I've never seen anything like it before. The earrings match perfectly and are comfortable to wear. I wore the set to work yesterday and received many compliments. Everyone was asking, "where can I buy it?" It's fancy enough to wear to upcoming holiday parties, and casual for everyday use too. The set is high quality and made well. I look forward to wearing it for some time to come.
<p> These earrings say I'm fun, let's party!
<p> I absolutely love these earrings! Beautiful is an understatement for what these are. They are large and chunky, just how I like them. The black cluster design is fun and full of personality. I wore them for the first time time today. I really loved having them on. A large black stone is in the middle of the earring and is the main focal point of the earring. The stone shimmers slightly in the light. These are surely my new favorite pair of earrings. They are not heavy on and I barely notice any weight when they are in my ears. Black pairs perfectly with so many colors including gold, red, and silver. They would look perfect paired with a cocktail dress for a Thanksgiving or Christmas party.
<p> I'm vintage inspired and ready to complete your outfit.
<p> I've loved chandelier earrings for many years. The two or three hanging sections of the earring usually feature a different pattern, so it's like three earrings in one. These earrings are stunning. I love the large black stone on the bottom, while the silver pattern is very intricate. I like the way they look on and that vintage feel they radiate is definitely recognizable. They are sturdy and made well and I have no concerns about their quality. They would look awesome with jeans, a sweater, and boots for a night out on the town with your friend or significant other.
<p> Crystals and rhinestones, what more could you want from an earring?
<p> The minute I saw these, I instantly knew I wanted to wear them this holiday season. They are on the fancy side and I don't think would work for a casual atmosphere. They have a sunburst-esque pattern that is very pretty, and all of the crystals and rhinestones sparkle in the light. The large rhinestone in the middle draws your eye to it. I'm picturing wearing these to a work Christmas party or even for New Years Eve. I've tried them on but have not worn them out and about just yet. I really like the way they look on. I do believe that they are fancy enough to wear to a wedding too. They are not heavy on my ears at all. I can't wait to wear them sometime soon.
<p> For whatever future jewelry needs you may have, let Bijuju take you on a rocket ship straight to planet jewelry.
<h> Tuesday, November 5, 2013
<p> When I was a child, I recall being very excited when my favorite books turned into movies and TV shows. Specifically, The Baby-sitter's Club, Sweet Valley High, and Goosebumps. There was something magical and intriguing about seeing your favorite book characters on the big screen. I feel that every child should have the exciting experience of having storybook pages brought to life.
<p> November 11-15 is National Young Readers Week. My mom always brought me to the library when I was younger and I think that began my lifelong love of reading. Although I don't read as much as I used to, I still enjoy a good book. I believe that children should be read to as young as possible to instill a love of reading at an early age. Young children love to be read to, and storytime at the library is a great way to encourage them to want to read.
<p> Netflix has come out with a list of 13 great titles based on kids' books, for kids of all ages. There is a title to keep any age group interested.
<p> Big kids: Hugo Escape to Witch Mountain James and The Giant Peach The Baby-Sitters Club Goosebumps A Wrinkle in Time
<p> Little kids: Charlotte's Web The Velveteen Rabbit The Very Hungry Caterpillar and Other Stories The Magic School Bus The Little Engine that Could Stuart Little 2 Tell Tales: The Man Who Walked, Between the Towers, The Snowy Day, I Stink! and Trashy Town
<p> For the teenagers and mom and dad, don't forget to watch one of Netflix's favorite novels that hit the big screen, The Hunger Games. The sequel comes to theaters November 22nd.
<p> Now is a great time to introduce children to the timeless classics that you loved as a child too, such as Charlotte's Web or The Velveteen Rabbit. These titles have been adored for past generations and I'm sure future generations to come as well. Make reading part of the wind-down routine before bedtime. Read to your children, or if they're old enough, let them read alone. This will help to create lasting memories and help to build a connection with reading.
<p> On the go or snuggling on the couch at home, families can watch storybook pages come alive, anytime, anywhere with Netflix.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am being compensated as a member of Netflix's Stream Team. This is my second post and all thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, November 4, 2013
<p> Cereal is what I have for breakfast almost every day. Sometimes I might switch it up and have a muffin or waffles, but that's rare. I like to choose cereals that have nutritional benefits like fiber, whole grains, and oats. It's important that it also have excellent taste as well. I enjoy trying new cereals as I tend to eat the same ones over and over. For breakfast tomorrow why not consider delighting your taste buds with a nutritious, yet delicious bowl of cereal?
<p> Barbara's wholesome products means they choose high quality ingredients to provide optimal taste and nutrition. You can count on Barbara's for no refined sugar, hydrogenated oils, flavors, artificial colors or preservatives. Some of the products in the line-up include cheese puffs and a large line of cereals including high fiber, morning crunch, puffins, Snackimals, and more. You can't forget fig bars and many flavors of Snackimals cookies. There are so many products to try in the Barbara's family, that you'll certainly find many favorites that will find a home in your kitchen cabinets.
<p> Two delicious cereals that I want to bring to your attention are Barbara's organic Snackimals vanilla blast and cinnamon crunch cereal. Each box contains 8g of whole grains, only 7g of sugar, and is a good source of calcium and fiber. What more could you ask for?
<p> Children will enjoy the tasty cinnamon and vanilla flavor, and parents will be happy knowing their little ones are eating a quality breakfast and starting the day off right. The monkey and panda are also adorable. I'm sure they encourage children to want to eat the cereal as well.
<p> Your kids will be delighted to hear the sound of Snackimals cereal being poured into their bowl. Why not make everyday a Snackimals day?
<p> Barbara's wants your help in naming the Snackimals monkey. Click the link to enter to win a year's supply of Snackimals cereal and cookies. Everyone who enters wins a free Snackimals dash app. In addition to the grand prize, there are lots of other fun prizes. Get that noggin ready to do some thinking. What will you name the monkey? If you win, I hope you'll share some cookies with me. :)
<h> Sunday, November 3, 2013
<p> Desserts are a main component of the holiday season when we celebrate with friends and family. Freshly baked chocolate cookies, cinnamon cake, and apple pie are just some of my favorite seasonal treats. You can't forget any kind of mint chocolate chip dessert either. There's just something about a delicious piece of pie mixed with warm conversation that makes the perfect holiday memory. Make sure that your dessert table this year is well stocked with goodies!
<p> Mrs. Smith's Pies are quality frozen desserts that are made with attention to detail and premium ingredients to give you made-from-scratch goodness that you can see and taste. The pies in the line-up go from freezer to oven ready in hour. Recently, the Mrs. Smith's Original Flaky Crust has been introduced for the holiday season. This unbaked pie made with real butter for a perfectly flaky crust offers consumers a taste they won't be able to resist. The pies come in the flavors of apple, dutch apple, cherry, peach, pumpkin, and sweet potato. Flaky crust offers a warm welcome of delicious aromas with 0 grams of trans fat per serving. A Mrs. Smith's Pie would look fabulous on your table for dessert after a Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner.
<p> I was offered the chance to review a Mrs. Smith's pie. Who can say no to pie? I've seen the brand for years in the store, but have never tried it. Luckily my grocery store had dutch apple pie in stock, which was the flavor I wanted to try.
<p> The baking instructions are very easy to follow. In only one hour, you can transform a frozen unbaked pie into a wonderful delicious dessert that will make your stomach happy. Not to mention that your kitchen will smell like a bakery.
<p> Not long after baking, the pie was ready! If you've never had dutch apple pie before, you haven't lived. The classic flavors of cinnamon, apple, and brown sugar are married together with a streusel topping. It's pure perfection. The aroma of the pie blanketed my whole house in deliciousness. I cut myself a small piece and prepared to dig in. I tasted the warm apple flavor right off the bat. I actually prefer the apples to be mushy like they were, rather than extremely firm. The cinnamon and brown sugar are star flavors when together. With each bite, you have that fabulous crunch of the streusel topping. I thought the pie was a tad sweet, but hey it's dutch apple pie. The flaky crust was very tasty. I couldn't ask for more! I was impressed at the quality and flavor of a frozen pie. I enjoyed the pie and so did my guests.
<p> I look forward to trying other Mrs. Smith's pie flavors in the future. My taste buds are waiting on the edge of my tongue!
<p> Why not invite Mrs. Smith's into your kitchen this holiday season? Let her work her magic on your guests, and they'll leave with happy stomachs and smiles on their faces.
<h> Friday, November 1, 2013
<p> Now that Halloween is over, it's time to dive right into the holidays! Thanksgiving is approaching, and soon after that we'll have Christmas and New Years Eve. Although I don't celebrate Christmas, I've always loved it. I truly enjoy the Christmas cookies, lights and trees, and of course the general holiday cheer and enthusiasm. Certain scents may evoke past holiday memories such as your grandma's cranberry pie baking in the oven, or the scent of your Christmas tree. Whatever holiday memories you make this year, make sure scent is strongly tied to them.
<p> Febreze is a brand of household odor eliminator. It was first introduced in 1998 and manufactured only as an odor eliminator. The line has since branched out to include air fresheners, fabric refreshers, oil plug-in's, scented discs, odor eliminating candles, and car air fresheners. The plug in's and candles come in many fabulous scents perfect for the fall such as falling leaves, cranberry cider, and apple and spice. If you're planning ahead for the winter, why not delight your nose with scents such as winter frost and glistening pine? There are many other scents that work all year round. Putting a Febreze candle or oil plug-in in your home will make it a warm and cozy haven for all.
<p> I first remember seeing and using Febreze at my grandma's house years and years ago. I recall spraying it on my sneakers after a day at the park. The odor was eliminated instantly and a refreshing, clean smell was left. I thought this is one product that really works! I like how the brand has really grown and many more products are in the collection now for consumers to enjoy.
<p> I was fortunate enough to receive a package from Febreze containing some holiday scented products. The package contained a scented oil warmer with the scents of apple cider and cranberry frost. There was also a Febreze Set and Refresh in the scent of cranberry cider. Lastly, an adorable pop up book was in the box featuring different rooms of a home and explaining what scented Febreze products would fit best.
<p> An example of one page from the book.
<p> With cranberry frost and apple cider scented products in tow, your house will be ready for the holidays before you know it!
<p> When I received this package, I was very excited. There's nothing like the smell of the holidays, and there's no reason why you can't start bringing a little holiday cheer into your home early!
<p> Since I love to cook and bake, I wanted to put the oil plug in in my kitchen. I liked the idea of bringing warmth and coziness into a place that's already filled with a lot of love. Everyone always gravitates to the kitchen when visiting people's homes. The unit was very easy to install. All I did was plug the unit into the wall and put one of the oil cartridges into the unit. I chose apple cider since Thanksgiving is approaching and it seemed fitting. Not long after, the gentle scent of apple goodness floated from my kitchen and enveloped itself into the rooms nearby. The scent was extremely pleasant. not too strong but strong enough to be known. Apple cider is perfect for fall, but carries into the winter beautifully. It made want to bake a pie, which is dangerous for my thighs. I look forward to changing out the scent for the cranberry frost when winter is near. I think it'll be the perfect way to introduce winter in scent style.
<p> The Febreze Set and Refresh is perfect for putting on a table, desk, or counter. A small scented cartridge pops up and the scent is blanketed around the room. I am going to bring it to work on Monday to put on my desk. The scent is powerful and you can instantly smell it once the cartridge is popped up. I'm in my own office, so nobody will be potentially bothered by it. The scent of cranberry cider is an interesting combination that really works well together. I absolutely love it and can't wait for my office to smell like the inside of a bakery! I know my coworkers will be popping in and out to take a big whiff too. :)
<p> I'm very excited to welcome the holidays with these Febreze products. The only thing missing now is the actual holidays themselves! I cannot wait.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* This is a sponsored post for SheSpeaks/Febreze. All thoughts are my own.
