<p> NCB Radio loves the weekends. Even better we love sharing it with you.
<p> So whatever you are doing on Saturday, make sure NCB Radio is part of it.
<p> From 8am Saturday til 4am on Sunday, NCB Radio has the programmes to kickstart your weekend:
<p> 08:00-11:00: NCB Saturday BreakfastGet the bacon sandwiches on the go and the tea on the boil, and start your weekend with the NCB Breakfast crew. The latest news, information for North Cornwall as well as great music and competitions.
<p> 11:00-12:00: The Community HourThe latest goings on in North Cornwall, as well as hearing from the groups that create the community vibe.
<p> 12:00-13:00:RemixologyWe told our presenters they could play ANY song (usual rules apply). One catch. It can only be a remix or a cover. Introducing Remixology
<p> 13:00-15:00: The Digital Decades with Aaron JamesAaron James jogs your musical memory with the good, the bad, the ugly and the downright absurd of musical history. Almost anything and everything goes- Justin Bieber and the Crazy Frog, strictly banned.
<p> 15:00-17:00: Nowt’ But the Nineties with Mike BrownAfter a night of drinking nowt’ but cider, Mike found a musical time machine, which he jumped into. After landing in the 90′s, he decided to share his discoveries with North Cornwall. And so….Nowt’ But the Nineties was born. Does exactly what it says on the tin.
<p> 17:00-19:00: BenG’s Weekend WarmupWhether you are staying in or going out, get the weekend vibe started with BenG and the Weekend Warmup. Two hours of the best soulful house music known to man.
<p> 19:00-00:00: Perfect Pitch with Vincent VegaBring the nightclub to your living rooms with Perfect Pitch. Vincent Vega and guest DJ’s bring you the world’s greatest House and DnB music. After 10 each week there is a guest mix with Perfect Pitch in the Mix.
<p> 00:00-02:00: The Graeme Park RadioShowThe legendary Hacienda DJ Graeme Park gets you into the early hours of Sunday Morning with the best Dance music around.
<p> 02:00-04:00: Westworld Xclusive with J-Damm and Demonic DFinish your Saturday night with the latest in underground music from J-Damm and Demonic D.
<p> Lets face it; nobody really likes mornings. That’s why here at NCB, we’ve created The Saturday Breakfast Show. The amazing presenters at NCB will brave the early morning to provide a great local start to your weekend. Featuring travel, weather, national and local news as well as NCB’s top music, it’s sure to wake you from your dreary slumber. So make sure you tune in from 8am-11am every Saturday, only on NCB Radio.
<p> Looe Music Festival is almost upon us!!! 60 bands across 3 days on 3 stages at the unbelievable price of £40 per person for a weekend ticket (£18 if under 18). This years Headline Acts include legendary bands such as The Levellers.The Skints, Showaddywaddy and 80′s superstars……The Stranglers!
<p> If you’re going to the festival, don’t forget to pop by the NCB Radio stand and pick up your free CD from our resident DJs, Vince Vega and Ben Holtam. Whilst you’re there you can sign up for the Ann’s Cottage Newsletter and get the chance to win a £150 Ann’s Cottage voucher to spend on all the best surfing and lifestyle gear. So look out for the big NCB banner and come over to say hello, we don’t bite!
<p> For the full line up and ticket information visit www.looemusic.co.uk. NCB Radio is the official radio station for 2012. Tune in via www.ncbradio.co.uk across all 3 days.
<p> Then, NCB is the place for you. See- things are changing here just a bit. We’re changing our playlist strategy to focus more on the next big thing in the world of music. So if you are unsigned, up and coming or your music is produced in Cornwall, we want to hear from you!
<p> You don’t like to admit it and you don’t want to admit it. But you secretly love the cheesy pop from yesteryear. Rick Astley…McFly..Blazin Squad…Busted….and maybe even Sam and Mark!
<p> Well, now is your chance to engage in your secret passion….but maybe not so secretly!
<p> Every Friday, from 8pm on your local station, NCB Radio, Rob Moore is let on the loose to share to you his passion of such pop (and he doesn’t even hide it!)- and take you through a journey of memories, horrors and Mr Blobby. (Crazy Frog most certainly NOT allowed).
<p> Going out on a Saturday night and need to carry on partying, or perhaps you’re not going out and want a taste of club life? Then check out NCB’s new signing, it’s none other than superstar DJ Graeme Park!
<p> Whose Graeme Park? You’re kidding right?
<p> Graeme’s career in clubland mirrors the evolution of dance music and club culture itself, and it all started in a record shop in Nottingham in the early 1980s when the very first house records began to filter through on import from Detroit, Chicago, and New York in the US.
<p> When the owner of the shop opened a nightclub in the city, Graeme took the opportunity to showcase this new style of music. Then in 1988, Mike Pickering at the legendary Haçienda Club in Manchester heard of his reputation as a house pioneer and asked him to cover.
<p> From 1989 to 1992, he continually won the DMC DJ of the Year Award, one of the most prestigious honors in the DJ circuit, and began remixing songs including tracks for Inner City, Sub Sub, and the clubbing anthem Back To Love by The Brand New Heavies.
<p> By the early nineties, he had become one of the biggest names on the dance scene, not only holding down his eight-year residency at The Haç, but also being one of the first British DJs to play places like Australia, South America, the USA, Asia and beyond.
<p> Parky has also recently celebrated over 15 years playing dance music on the radio with shows on Kiss FM, Galaxy FM, Key 103, Radio City, Juice FM, Forth One and many others across the country.
<p> So, Graeme was there before it all started, he was at the forefront of the dance scene when it was at its peak, and we’re pleased to say he’s still at it today, and the proof is on NCB Radio this weekend. Every weekend you’ll hear the best of the current disco house scene, as well as the odd classic thrown in for good measure, as well as a guest mix, and you can hear it all this Saturday night/Sunday morning at Midnight.
<p> The Thursdays Sessions are going to be taken over for this week only by Daisy and Toby.
<p> As part of NCB’s commitment to the Community we are letting Daisy and Toby take over the show! To help achieve their silver Duke of Edinburgh award they need to do some volunteering and what a better way than working with NCB Radio. Good luck guys. Possible new presenters in the making.
<p> Music from The Pigeon Detectives, The Kooks, Green Day and hopefully we will have a guest presenter coming into sing for us. We will keep you updated on that.
<p> Meet Mike. He’s Northern but don’t hold that against him. We did however kidnap him and bring him to NCB Towers where he lives in a corner fed only on biscuits and Strongbow Cider. Well, we lie. It’s just biscuits. We find if we try and feed him anything other than real cider, he spits it out and turns into Jack from Father Ted.
<p> He also really loves Cornwall and the Nineties. You can catch him on NCB every Saturday &amp; Sunday from 3pm with Nowt’ But the Nineties- each week featuring two hours of the good, the bad, the ugly and the infamous of the era that brought us Britpop, Channel 5, the fall of Thatcher and Spice Girls.
<p> NCB Radio would like to extend a huge congratulations to David Hatton and his show Concious D’s Reggae Nights for reaching 1 year of weekly shows and is now officially NCB’s longest running show in the same slot. Whether its constant studio malfunctions or the endless amount of Mick Hucknall jokes, David’s show has been one of the best we’ve ever had on NCB Radio, and all of us here take our Hats off to you. Congratulations.
<p> Dont forget to listen live to Concious D’s Reggae Nights with David Hatton, Every Sunday from 7pm – 9pm. Only on NCB Radio.
