<h> Wednesday, September 11, 2013
<p> As summer comes to an end, it will soon be time to switch off the those air conditioners and fans. The hot weather will disappear and cooler temps will roll in. It's essential that you have a working heater for the weather ahead. Fall and winter are very cold months and you need to make sure you're prepared and stay warm. I am not a fan of the cold, but everyone likes snuggling up with a blanket in a cozy robe while the heat is turned up.
<p> Northern's One Hour Heating and Air Conditioning is a company that services Minneapolis, Minnesota. Northern's takes pride in arriving with stocked trucks that are prepared for their appointments. If they don't arrive on time, you don't pay anything! They take the time to suggest the most cost-effective and efficient handling of your air conditioning and heating systems. Their services are affordable for all of the options applicable to your heating and cooling units. If you're in the Minneapolis area and are looking for boiler installation or furnace installation, please check out Northern's, as well as servicing for other needs. You won't be disappointed! There are many coupons available on the website that save you the most money possible.
<p> Minnesota's winters are frigid. I've never been there, but I've heard horror stories. Make sure you stay as warm as possible this winter. Get a tune-up for your heating unit to make sure it will properly function. I know it doesn't seem like Fall is on the way since it's still warm outside, but it will be here before you know it. You'll be cozying up to a fire while sipping hot chocolate before you know it too.
<p> Go ahead and contact Northern's One Hour Heating and Air Conditioning for any of your needs today. They have rave reviews on their website and would love to be of service to you.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received compensation for posting this. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Monday, September 9, 2013
<p> Let's take a trip back down memory lane. Remember the days of yesteryear where you brought your lunch carefully packed by mom to school in a brown paper bag? I remember all of the popular kids had their lunch in brown bags. They were obviously too cool for a lunchbox! It's time to revamp that old brown look and switch it up for something a little more stylish.
<p> Kaufmann Mercantile believes good design means beautiful aesthetics and well-chosen materials for products that are built for functionality and durability. Kaufmann produces goods for everyday life that are fine quality luxuries, but still environmentally safe. How about a beautiful new canvas tote bag or leather backpack? Surely you'll be able to fit your everyday essentials in it. Many other categories of products are available such as tools, kitchenware, grooming and beauty, gardening, and much more. There's an item to pique anyone's interest and curiosity. Go ahead and let Kaufmann Mercantile leaves its mark on you today.
<p> How adorable are these? These handmade waxed canvas bags stand upright and are fixed with an oil-tanned leather strap and brass buckle. All materials are locally sourced and hardware is attached with rivets. The bags are made in Asheville, North Carolina.
<p> The bags are made of high quality materials and built to last. They are certainly a conversation piece! I love that they come in a variety of different colors to suit anyone's taste. Can't you just imagine packing your lunch in this beauty? Don't forget to include an apple or carrot sticks!
<h> Saturday, September 7, 2013
<p> Cooler weather will be here very shortly, I'm sorry to say. I took my dog out this morning and it was 47 degrees! I'm not a big fan of the cold, but I do enjoy boots, jackets and scarves, and fall fashion. I'm a big fan of hot tea and gingerbread or pumpkin flavored treats. There are many pro's and con's to cooler weather. I always like to start out each season with some new clothes. There's nothing like new items in your closet to make you smile.
<p> Goode Rider offers fashionable English equestrian apparel for woman, men, and girls. Even though I'm not going to ride a horse in the near future, I can still appreciate fantastic fashion. The clothing offered at Goode Rider come in a variety of diverse styles and colors. How about checking out the breeches and vests? If you're not looking for those, maybe a new jacket or sweater would be up your alley, among other choices? I can guarantee that you'll find something of interest when browsing the website.
<p> I was excited when given the opportunity to review an item from the site. Since Fall is approaching, I decided to use that as inspiration as to what to choose. I have a hall closet full of coats, but that doesn't stop me from wanting to have another! What can I say? I love a beautiful coat.
<p> I finally decided on the gorgeous Hunt Peacoat. I don't currently own anything like it and I knew I just had to wear it this winter!
<p> I'm so in love with this coat. It's a beautifully tailored mid-length wool/polyblend coat with removable hood. I wish it was cold enough to wear it right now!
<p> The coat is the perfect length on me. It's not too long, but not too short. The sleeves are a little long, but that's no problem since I can roll them up. I love how the model is wearing it with boots, which is exactly how I plan on wearing it. The darker colors are very representative of fall and winter. The coat is warm, so I know in the winter I will stay extra warm when wearing a scarf, gloves, and hat. The hood is cute and I don't plan on removing it.
<p> This is a well-constructed coat and I can tell it's made from quality materials. It fits well and I have no problem buttoning and unbuttoning the buttons. The pockets are deep and roomy. Since the jacket isn't so form fitting, I won't have any issues wearing a sweater underneath and having the jacket be too tight.
<p> I am very excited to own the coat and I can't wait to wear it when it starts getting cooler out. I'm already planning out outfits around it. I think this calls for buying a new pair of boots too!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I received the complimentary jacket in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Wednesday, September 4, 2013
<p> Music is a constant presence in my life. On my walk to work I listen to my iPod, my officemate plays Pandora all day long in our office, and whenever I'm home I have the radio on. Music makes me happy and there's just something comforting about singing along to your favorite songs constantly. Why not share your favorite tunes with friends and family? They'd like to listen to! Nude Audio will hook you up with the art of music sharing.
<p> Nude Audio knows that music is meant to be felt, embraced, and embodied. That's why they designed a pocket friendly portable speaker that invites you to share. Their speakers are designed with a minimal approach and a stellar sound. They take great care in producing a product with great looking audio and a sound to match. Wherever you go and whoever you're with, you'll now be able to share the sound of music with them.
<p> Don't let the small size fool you, the Move S-Wired delivers big sound for its stature. It's compact enough to fit in your pocket, a purse, or even a suitcase for travel too. The integrated 3.5mm cable connects the speaker to any smartphone or tablet. The battery life lasts up to 8 hours after a full charge. It's available in either charcoal/coral or grey/mint.
<p> I can think of many places to use the speaker and I'm sure you can too. How about at the beach or pool with friends? Maybe you want your family to hear your new favorite song that's on your iPod? Wherever you bring the Move S-Wired to, you can guarantee it will bring people together. That's the power of music.
<h> Tuesday, September 3, 2013
<p> I'm the kind of person who doesn't care to wear regular clothes when I'm home. I'm much more comfortable in sweatpants and a t-shirt. The second I arrive home I like to change into pajamas, unless I'm going somewhere else soon after. Life is so short, why be uncomfortable when you don't have to be?
<p> Jessie Steele is the most fun website I've ever been to in my entire life! If you're a fan of vintage, retro inspired pieces and items (which are right up my alley), then this has site has your name written all over it! Jessie Steele specializes in pajamas, housewares, accessories, aprons, and gifts. The aprons look straight out of 1950 and are just too cool! Whether you're interested in a polka dot print, cherries, cupcakes, or even houndstooth, there is an apron print that is for you among many other styles. How about a pair of floral or gingham pajamas to keep you warm this winter? You also can't forget to give your phone a makeover with a new damask or bow print phone case either! I could browse the site for hours, that's how much I love it. My wallet cried at the thought of it being used for purchases. Anything from Jessie Steele would make a perfect gift for any occasion for the lady in your life.
<p> I honestly can't tell you how long I've been a fan of polka dots. I do know that it's many years though. There's just something addicting about a white background with those huge black circles. When I had the opportunity to review an item, I instantly gravitated towards the pajama section of the site. Cooler weather is approaching and it's always nice to have a new pair of jammies for the season.
<p> How cute is this nightshirt? It makes me want to watch Some Like It Hot and then go out for a milkshake at the local soda shop afterwards.
<p> This nightshirt features a flattering feminine fit, ruffled bottom, and is made of lightweight cotton. It even comes with a matching headband! How cute is that? I received the pajamas today and wish it was cool enough to wear them. I don't think I have to wait that much longer, cooler weather is just around the corner!
<p> I'm only 5'0, so clothing that is a normal length on tall people is sometimes very long on me. Luckily, I didn't have that problem with this nightshirt. The black polka dots are very bold and bright. The nightshirt is very comfortable and fits well. The cut is perfect and hits right above my knee. Since it's a lightweight cotton it won't be too hot at night either which is nice. I love the fun little ruffle on the bottom, it adds an extra bit of pizzazz. The pink buttons add a pop of color which I like. I'm very happy with the nightshirt and can't wait to wear it.
<p> If you're looking for a unique gift for the person who has it all, start typing Jessie Steele's website address into your search bar. Don't blame me for a huge credit card bill though!
<h> Monday, September 2, 2013
<p> One topic that nobody likes to openly discuss is gas. Everyone from time to time gets gassy from the food they eat, it's only normal. There's no reason to be ashamed of this though, there are products you can use to alleviate this issue. Rejoice in the fact that you can now regularly enjoy your favorite foods again gas-free, thanks to Beano.
<p> Beano contains a natural food enzyme that helps prevent gas before it starts. Beano is not a drug by any means. The product works with your body to break down the complex carbohydrates in gassy foods, like fresh vegetables, whole grain breads, and beans. In turn, this makes them more digestible. Beano enables you to enjoy your favorite healthy foods anywhere, without worrying about gas. The tablets can be chewed or swallowed with water. Just take the tablets as directed when you're eating meals with foods that can cause gas. If you are not someone who takes pills well, Beano Meltaway works the same as two Beano tablets. Just place it on your tongue before your first bite and it will melt away in seconds with a smooth, light flavor to help prevent gas from happening. Don't forget to take Beano with you when you travel with Beano To Go. Never fear, gas is gone when Beano is around!
<p> I was recently provided with a fabulous opportunity to be apart of the Beano "Be Natural" Virtual Cook-off. This means that by mid September, Beano's judging panel will pick five finalists and judge the recipes based on taste, presentation, nutrition, naturalness, and gas potential. These finalists will receive a set of all-natural cookware. Then, our community will help select one grand prize winner by voting on Facebook. The winning blogger will receive a trip for two to New York City to attend classes at the Natural Gourmet Institute.
<p> A handbook was provided to me with ingredients to use in my recipe. I was instructed to include at least five of the following all natural, gas-inducing ingredients. There were many items under the categories of grains, vegetables, and beans. I surveyed my options under each category and decided to make a salad using lettuce, onions, cucumbers, chick peas, and peanuts. I also included shrimp in the salad to make it a main entree for dinner.
<p> After I bought all of the ingredients, I assembled the salad. I also took a Beano tablet because chick peas usually are a gas-inducing food for me. I know that may be too much information, but hey it's a requirement of this post! :). I was interested to see if the tablet would hold up against those chickpeas.
<p> Hello delicious dinner! Get in my belly!
<p> As you can see, my five main ingredients combine into a fabulous looking salad. I'm a big fan of salads and make them whenever I can. I am happy to announce that the beano worked very well and warded off any gas that usually occurs from eating chickpeas. This made for a much happier Sammi! My salad was delicious and I enjoyed it a lot.
<p> I look forward to the next steps of the virtual cook-off. I will be keeping everyone updated!
<p> *DISCLOSURE* I am participating in a sponsored campaign for Beano. I received promotional items and Beano products in exchange for my participation. The opinions stated here are my own.
<h> Wednesday, August 28, 2013
<p> There's nothing I love more than fabulous smelling soaps. Sometimes using an ordinary bar of soap can get dull. Since life is short, why not spice up that soapy experience and use something bright and colorful that smells like a dream.
<p> Nobody knows soap like Tracy Fritze of Faith, Soaps &amp; Love. She is the owner of this Etsy shop and she has a true passion for getting clean. Her homemade soaps and lotion bars are made with wonderful ingredients like olive oil, shea butter, and coconut oil. The best part is that everything is made in her own home kitchen!
<p> Tracy's soaps are not just plain bars of white soap, oh no. They are square bars that have various ribbons of colors running through them. It's the most beautiful soap I've ever seen! There are three different categories of soap offered. The first is fragrance oil soaps. These soaps are 98% natural and made with various fragrances that are guaranteed to leave you smelling like heaven. The second category is essential oil soaps. This category is 100% natural and made with essential oils. The last category would be perfect for gift giving. You can find multiple bars, gift sets, soap-of-the-month club, and value packs in this section. If you're looking to buy in bulk this is the category for you!
<p> How gorgeous are these lavender soaps? This is just a preview of what you can expect of soap from Tracy's shop. Each bar is made with love, dedication, and passion. I wish I was half as creative as Tracy is.
<p> Whatever scent you could possibly want, it's available in Tracy's shop. Why not surf on over to her Etsy shop and purchase some soap today?
<h> Tuesday, August 27, 2013
<p> If you're looking for the latest and greatest family app, please consider Hapimomi.
<p> Hapimomi is an easy-to-use app that helps you organize, share and plan with your family privately. Share a single family phone book, calendar, shopping list, diary, or even to-do list! This free app will make life a lot more organized for you.
<p> Wouldn't it be great to share everything with your entire family so they can be in the loop of all activities, events, and happenings in you and your family's life? It would be a great way to stay in touch!
<p> This will be one app that you'll certainly use on a daily basis on your smartphone. Why not give it a try today? Click here to download it.
<p> Even though summer is winding down, the sun and heat are still in full force. It's important that you not only protect your skin from the rays of the sol, but keep it moisturized too. There's nothing worse than dry, itchy skin. Wouldn't it be nice to use a product that keeps your skin hydrated all day but is non greasy and won't get on your clothes? Vaseline is here to save the day!
<p> Vaseline is a brand of petroleum jelly. Everyone knows the original vaseline which is meant to moisturize skin and help heal cuts and burns, but the product line has extended in recent years. Nowadays you can find Vaseline intensive rescue repairing body lotions and creams, lip creams, and more. Whatever product you're looking for to help your skin look its best, Vaseline is there to assist.
<p> One new product that Vaseline has recently introduced is the Spray &amp; Go Aloe Fresh Moisturizer. This is a continuous spray lotion that moisturizes deeply and absorbs in second. This is very convenient as you can put your clothes on and get started with your day without waiting for anything to dry. It leaves skin feeling very soft, not sticky or greasy.
<p> Since we only a limited amount of time to go to the beach, why not make your last trip to the waves one to remember? Let Vaseline give you a prize pack that will be great to take with you on your day of fun in the sun.
<p> One winner will win a prize pack containing Spray and Go Vaseline, a Lands End beach bag, and a Lands End beach towel.
<h> Monday, August 26, 2013
<p> I can't get enough of cosmetic bags. The bigger the better, in my opinion. The ones that I love best have funky patterns, are brightly colored, and feature many compartments. It's essential to have a cosmetic bag filled with all of the products and makeup you need to look your best when traveling. I love to update my bag style every few months and I'm constantly finding myself buying new cosmetic bags. Modella knows all about stylish bags, and for that I rely on them.
<p> Modella is a trendy, cosmetic and travel bag brand. All of the bags the company makes have fun and bold prints. Whether you're looking for paisley, leopard print, zebra print, stripes, or even flowered print, the company has you covered and offers much more. I absolutely love the assorted styles! The bags are very durable and usually come in one zippered cases, or even train cases. There is a lot of room for anything you may need to pack to travel with. A Modella bag makes a perfect gift for any lady in your life. Why not buy a bag for yourself today?
<p> How cute is this set? This 3 piece leopard bag Modella set features a small leopard bag, a medium sized paisley print bag, and then a large leopard print bag. The set is completed with a pretty blue tied bow. If you're looking for a new cosmetic bag set, this is certainly the set for you. I'm a fan of leopard and I'm surely eyeing it!
<h> Sunday, August 25, 2013
<p> Cookies are everything to me, they are certainly my entire life. I think that if I was robbed and they took a bag of cookies instead of my phone or wallet, I would be equally as upset. How dare they enjoy those round circles of heaven when they are unauthorized to eat them! My favorite cookies are chocolate chip, although I do love snickerdoodles and sugar cookies too. There's nothing like a freshly baked cookie right out of the oven with an ice cold glass of milk. If you haven't indulged in a cookie lately, why not do so today?
<p> Cookies From the Hart is an Etsy shop ran by owner Joanna. Joanna has a passion and love for baking cookies. She doesn't make just ordinary cookies, she makes fabulously filled cookies! You can enjoy delicious and unique gourmet filled cookies that are also gluten free or vegan. Each order contains a dozen carefully handmade and filled cookies. The cookie flavors are out of this world combinations like chocolate chip filled with brownie, red velvet, party cake, oatmeal raisin cream, dark chocolate mint, and so much more. I love that each flavor is filled with a certain thing, it's like a party in your mouth! These cookies are perfect for any occasion and would make a fabulous birthday present.
<p> When I stumbled upon Joanna's shop, I knew I had to try these insanely good looking treats. I couldn't wrap my ahead around how amazing a filled cookie would be. When you aren't sure if you'd like a cookie or brownie, why not have both? This cookie takes two sweets that you love and pairs them together into one mind-blowing yummy.
<p> I was sent a dozen chocolate filled brownie cookies. They are gluten free, an ideal choice for those with sensitivities. These cookies looked straight out of cookie heaven. I couldn't wait to try them.
<p> Excuse me, can someone please bring out the defibrillators? My heart has stopped from seeing these glorious cookies. Only cookie defibrillators can bring me back. Look at the beautiful golden brown color of the cookie paired with the dark brownie inside. It's cookie art.
<p> The common misconception about gluten-free cookies (and anything else gluten-free) is that it contains zero taste. I do not follow a gluten-free diet, but it is good sometimes to cut out gluten where you can. These cookies are very dense and filled with luscious brownie. What can be better than combining chocolate and brownie together? Nothing. I mean absolutely nothing. Not even winning $1,000,000. ;)
<p> I heated them in the microwave for a few seconds because I prefer my cookies warm. When I took the cookies out of the microwave, they were a little melty, but looked like pure perfection. The cookie was warm and out of this world. The cookie was moist and soft and I could taste that sweet chocolate flavor right away. Like I mentioned earlier, the cookie itself was very thick and dense. In the middle of your cookie bite was the star of the show, the brownie. The brownie was soft and rich. Despite being gluten free, the cookie packed a ton of flavor that tasted wonderful. I was in absolute heaven with them. I had to control myself from eating another one. I think the only thing that stopped me was the fact that they were very filling. You might want to pace yourself with these. A glass of cold milk or nice cup of tea would be the perfect accompaniment to enjoying a cookie.
<p> If you think you've enjoyed a cookie before, you haven't. Until you've tried Joanna's cookies, you've been living under a cookie rock. She will coax you out from under that rock with the promise of one of her filled cookies. Trust me, it will be worth it. Go ahead and indulge in her cookies today. You will love them.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Cookies From the Hart for providing me with a complimentary order of cookies. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Saturday, August 24, 2013
<p> I'm not a huge drinker. I like the occasional cocktail or glass of Prosecco here and there, but I'm not one to have a nightly glass of anything. My drinks of choice are usually girly ones like vodka cranberries, or cosmos. Mike's Hard Lemonade has always been on my list of go-to alcoholic beverages. The variety of delicious flavors keeps me coming back time and time again.
<p> Mike's Hard Lemonade is produced from products based on its original Mike's Hard Lemonade, a combination of lemonade and unflavored malt liquor base. The drinks contain 5% alcohol so they are not extremely strong. I'm not a fan of very strong drinks so this is perfect for me. The flavors range from original and berry to iced tea, lime, crisp apple, pink lemonade etc. Recently, the company has come out with drink pouches that you freeze and pour into a glass for a refreshing summer beverage. How does black cherry, classic margarita or hard strawberry lemonade sound among many other flavors? Whatever flavor you choose, I can assure you it will be delicious.
<p> I was contacted by Mike's recently to review some of their product. I thought I would receive a couple new flavors to try. I was told a messenger would be delivering the shipment. I didn't think anything of it until I told my fiance to pick up the delivery because I thought it might be heavy. Since we live in a condo building, we have one of those wheeled carts to help move large items. He knocked on the door to have me let him in. I didn't expect to see the entire cart filled with boxes of Mike's. I was shocked and laughed. I really thought it was a joke!
<p> This is certainly a gift from the Mike's gods. I live in a small apartment and don't have a ton of room. I am still figuring out where to put all of these! :)
<p> I received a few boxes of frozen pouches in the following flavors: classic margarita, black cherry, and frozen lemonade. I received 2 boxes of Shandy which is beer and lemonade, and then a box of hard pink lemonade which are in glass bottles.
<p> So far I've really enjoyed the frozen lemonade pouches. I freeze them and at night I sit out in the courtyard and enjoy it. They freeze easily and pour into a margarita glass with ease. The ratio of lemonade to alcohol is perfect, and it's really refreshing on a warm summer's night. It's not overly strong either. The black cherry pouch is also extremely tasty too. It's like going to a restaurant and having a frozen margarita, but in the comfort of your own home.
<p> My fiance loves the Shandy. He's never had a beer mixed with lemonade before but he says it's an interesting combination that has led him to finish the whole box. :) He likes that you can taste the lemonade and beer equally.
<p> We need to have a party so the rest of the drinks can be used up! Who wants to come over? I look forward to trying the rest of the flavors too.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Mike's Hard Lemonade for providing me with complimentary product in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
<h> Thursday, August 22, 2013
<p> One talent in life that I wish I possessed was craftiness. I'm always in awe of anyone who can decorate cakes, paint, draw, and design. Having those kind of talents amazes me and makes me wish I had them as well. There's nothing like people putting their talents to good use and making others smile. Even though I'm not talented in the design department myself, I do love owning work by people who are.
<p> Eve of Joy is an Etsy shop ran by owner Kelly. The shop offers an assortment of whimsical items with lots of personality made from up-cycled vintage silverware. Each piece is unique and has a history of its own. Whether you're looking for hand-stamped silverware, magnets, or even windchines, Kelly has you covered and offers lots more. You can see the love and dedication that goes into each piece she creates. Anything from Eve of Joy would make a special gift for the person who has it all, not to mention it's a great conversation piece.
<p> Since I'm getting married in just a mere 9 days, I wanted something special and handmade to bring to the wedding. I don't currently have anything that is truly handmade. I browsed Kelly's shop and settled on the Mr. and Mrs. Wedding Forks. I thought these were so unique and very cool. They are a much better choice than the silverware I'd be using at the wedding!
<p> This incredibly romantic matching set of vintage silver plated forks is the perfect way to share your wedding cake, your first dinner as husband or wife, your anniversary, you name it! This is a lovely present or keepsake and a reminder of your special moments together. It is perfect for cake and table photos too! Each set is hand-stamped with Mr. and Mrs. on it. No two sets are like, and they will be polished to a bright shine before being sent.
<p> As soon as I saw this set, I fell in love with it. What a cool idea. My set came in a pretty brown box with brown string tied around it. It felt very rustic, like the theme of Kelly's shop. The forks were very shiny and gleamed in the light. There was a pretty pattern on the handles. The stamp was done very well and was clear and easy to see.
<p> My fiance thought the forks were extremely cool and couldn't wait to use them at the wedding. This will certainly be a change from the ordinary silverware that everyone will be using that night. I can't wait to use them!
<p> If you're looking for a fantastic present for your wife for your upcoming anniversary, why not surprise her with these? They are extremely thoughtful and meaningful.
<h> Wednesday, August 21, 2013
<p> Let's face it, not all of us enjoy cleaning. It's a mundane chore that has to be done. In a fantasy world, I'd love to have a maid who comes to my house every week to cook and clean for me. I come home to a sparkling clean abode and a fantastic meal on my table. Since that is definitely not in the cards for me, I have to clean my casa myself. Why not make cleaning easier on yourself and use products that will help you get the job done faster?
<p> Grey Technology is the maker of the fantastic revolutionary GTech AirRAM upright cordless vacuum. This vacuum is lightweight and easy to move from room to room. Simply charge the vacuum and you will receive 40 minutes of interrupted house cleaning with no cords to plug into each room. The swivel head is perfect for getting under furniture and in tight spaces. The vacuum is also bagless, which means it has direct dirt-to-tray technology which compresses dirt and dust into tidy bales which can be emptied right into the trash. A unique part about this product is that you can connect it into the computer via USB that relays info on battery status, usage, and calories burned while vacuuming. If you're looking for a vacuum to revolutionize your cleaning, the GTech AirRam is the ideal choice.
<p> I've been needing a new vacuum for a long time now. I have an old one that doesn't do as good of a job as I would like. I have two area rugs in my home plus Carolyn sheds. I need something that will have powerful suction and be able to provide me with the deep clean that I desire.
<p> As soon as I received the vacuum, I was eager to try it out. What I first noticed is how sleek and light it was. It's only 7.7 pounds and is a beautiful brushed silver. It's definitely much more aesthetically pleasing than my previous vacuum. I plugged the battery in to let it charge for a while before I gave it a test run. The power comes from a professional grade L-ion battery. The motor powers the brush bar and suction fan that work together to lift the dirt. Suction generated by the fan compresses the dirt into the front bale which you then empty into the trash. This eliminates the dust created by a filter.
<p> I've never used a cordless vacuum before, and I was in awe that it works on just a mere charge! Going from room to room was a breeze now that I didn't have to plug in the vacuum in each room.. It's very easy to use and in no time I was vacuuming like the vacuum pro I was born to be. I loved how light it was and it glided with ease across my carpets. This vacuum was surely taunting my old one! What is most impressive is that it works well on both hardwoods and carpets, this is not just a one floor kind of vacuum.
<p> The vacuum is not very loud at all, I would say the noise is average. It doesn't bother me at all. When I was done cleaning, I wanted to see what the vacuum picked up. Let me preface this by saying I vacuum my rugs and hardwoods every 2-3 days. I was not expecting the following results.
<p> Look at all of the dirt, dust, and hair that was picked up from just one time of vacuuming! I really thought my carpets were ok. How embarrassing! The AirRAM definitely goes deep into the fibers to pick up debris. I was impressed at how much was sucked up. The bales are small so you might have to empty them often if you are a hardcore vacuumer. All you do is lift the top of the vacuum off the bottom to empty. The manual says you have to clean the bale and filter every month for optimum performance.
<p> I'm very impressed with this vacuum and I've been using it quite frequently since receiving it. Since it's light, it very easily fits into a hall closet to store when not in use. If you're looking to invest in a vacuum that will clean your home like a pro, I highly recommend the GTech AirRAM.
<p> *DISCLOSURE* Thank you to Grey Technology for providing me with a complimentary unit in exchange for this review. All thoughts are my own.
