Arsenal Player Ratings vs Tottenham: Heroic Performance By David Ospina Goes In VainArsenal lost the North London derby at White Hart Lane after leading at half time although in fairness Tottenham Hotspur probably deserved their win which came thanks to a brace by the emerging English star Harry Kane.The margin could have been wider but for the a heroic performance by David Ospina in goal who denied the home side with a number of fingertip saves.Having trailed to a Mesut Ozil goal after just 11 minutes, Spurs rallied to equalise 11 minutes into the second half as Kane pounced on a corner which Arsenal had failed to clear, before the 21-year-old planted in his 22nd goal of the season in all competitions to lift his side a point above their rivals in 5th spot.Here are the Arsenal player’s ratings:David Ospina: 7/10He produced a number of saves, but didn’t look too convincing as the match progressed although he had injured himself early on. Was responsible for palming the ball onto Kane’s path for the equaliser.Hector Bellerin: 5/10Had a rough night with the pair of Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen overloading down his side. The cross from the winner came from his end too.Per Mertesacker: 5/10Put in a good shift but was responsible for losing Kane when he scored the winner.Laurent Koscielny: 5/10Was troubled by Kane throughout the game though he competed well. Had a good chance from a corner when he headed straight at Lloris.Nacho Monreal: 6/10Another one who was stretched defensively, in this case by Walker’s marauding runs down the right. Was booked for fouling the right back late in the first half.Francis Coquelin: 6.5/10Did well in his toughest game for the Gunners so far. Ultimately though, Eriksen and Dembele were too much for him to handle on his own.Aaron Ramsey: 5.5/10Worked hard but is nowhere near the sparkling form he displayed last season. Didn’t offer much going forward.Danny Welbeck: 7/10Seems to be almost back to full fitness which was clear when he streaked past a hapless Rose to provide the cross for Ozil’s opener. Helped his side defensively often while also going close with a curling effort.Santi Cazorla: 6.5/10He wasn’t as effective as he has been in recent weeks and it a quite performance by his standards. Ended up getting substituted midway through the second half.Mesut Ozil: 6/10Another one of the creative players who didn’t offer much because of the superb pressing by Pochettino’s men. Took his goal well but offered little else.Olivier Giroud: 5.5/10Had to drop deep to help out his teammates in the middle of the pitch and therefore didn’t have too much of an impact in the opponents half apart from the mishit which led to the opener.Substitutes:Tomáš Rosicky: 5.5/10Failed to provide a spark at the ground where he scored a stunner last season.