My WishlistZombie Apocalypse Party"Zombie Apocalypse Party" is a snappy campfire style song for the imminent ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE ! On a supply run, hunkering down in your bunker or just lopping off zombie's heads.... "This song will keep your toes tappin' and your fingers snappin' ! ! ! !Genre: Rock: Southern RockRelease Date: 2015We'll ship when it's back in stockOrder now and we'll ship when it's back in stock, or enter your email below to be notified when it's back in stock.Sign up for the CD Baby Newsletter Your email address will not be sold for any reason.TracksABOUT THIS ALBUMAlbum NotesMiles Spencer is a Rock Fusion Guitarist from the San Francisco South Bay Area. Miles' first instrument was a Sequential Circuts' Pro-One monophonic synthesizer, which he got at 12 years old. Soon he branched out and experimented with Bass, Vocals and, finally, guitar, which he has played since age 17. On the recordings found on this web site, you will hear Miles playing a 2011 Les Paul Custom Denim Top, a 1960 Les Paul Gold Top Re-Issue, A customized Les Paul Studio, an E.V.H. Wolfgang Special, A 1968 Gibson ES-335 TD, Fender Electric/Acoustic, Ibanez Artcore, Charvelle and Kramer electric as well as nylon stringed guitars. These recordings also have tracks with Miles playing electric as well as acoustic 12 string guitars. Miles plays through 2 Marshall 4 X 12 Celestian Cabinets with a E.V.H. 5150 Mark 3 Tube Head, A Fender Acoustasonic 30 Combo Amplifier, T.C. Helicon Voice Live Rack, Lexicon MX 200, DBX Compression, DBX Graphic E.Q., T.C. Electronic Nova System, Weeping Demon Wah, Korg R3 Vocoder, Dunlop Heil Talk Box, Yamaha Motif 8 Keyboard, M-Audio triggering, and records on Apple Macintosh Computers using Pro-Tools and Logic Technology through an Allen And Heath mixing board and plays through Q.S.C. KW Series P.A. System.Miles' first Album, "Essence Of The Universe" was recorded from 1988-1992 . " Essence Of The Universe " is an awesome set of recordings. It has several beautiful acoustic songs as well as several songs like "Suit Your Groove " that were the beginnings of Miles cultivating his Rock Fusion style of playing. This Album features Miles Spencer on Guitars, Bass, Keyboards and Vocals. Featured Guest Musicians are Charles Fletcher on Bass Guitar, Diesel Tucker on Drums and additional percussion, Rich Manik on Saxophones, and Karen Bonowitz on Backing Vocals. Additional acoustic tracks were added to the final production of Essence Of The Universe at Bad One Studios with Paul Von Thadden at Bad One Studios in Staten Island, New York in 2003. Original release through Rock Fusion Records, 1993, second release through Rock Fusion Records, 2009. Miles second Album "Smoke And Mirrors” was recorded at Bad One Studios from 2002 - 2003. " Smoke And Mirrors" is a decadent and abrasive Album inspired by a very dark period of life in New York City. It is explicit, rough around the edges and captured the essence of a very, very wild time of life. This Album features Miles Spencer on Guitars and Vocals and Paul Von Thadden on Keyboards. Produced by Miles Spencer and Engineered by Paul Von Thadden. Released by Rock Fusion Records, 2008. Miles' third Album “Feel” was created at Bad One Studios, Staten Island, New York in 2004 - 2006. This Album is a cool collection of widely varying styles of songs from electronica/pop to Latin to Hip-Hop style. “Feel” features Miles Spencer on Guitars and Vocals, Paul Von Thadden on Keyboards, Carol Chaikin on Saxophone, Kurt Mann on Saxophone, Rube on Harmonica, Lori Nebo on Backing Vocals and Janessa Delgado on Backing Vocals. Feel was Produced and Engineered by Paul Von Thadden. Alll songs on this Album were co-written by Miles Spencer and Paul Von Thadden. Released through Bad One Inc., 2006. Miles' fourth Album “ ZOOT ! “ was recorded at Bad One Studios, Staten Island, New York from 2007 - 2009. This Album is the most sophisticated effort by Miles Spencer and Paul Von Thadden to date. A Jazzy, Funky group of songs with exotic long breathed solo sections.“ ZOOT ! “ features Miles Spencer on Guitars and Vocals, and Paul Von Thadden on Keyboards. Produced and Engineered by Paul Von Thadden. All songs co - written by Miles Spencer and Paul Von Thadden. Released through Bad One Inc., 2009. In 2010, Miles recorded his single “Cold”. “ Cold “ features Miles Spencer on Guitars, Vocals and the Heil Talk Box. “ Cold “ also features Miles’ long time co - writer and Friend Paul Von Thadden on Keyboards. “Cold” was released by Rock Fusion Records, 2011. Zombie Apocalypse Party was written and recorded from July 2014 'til January 2015 at Miles' home studio. This is a really fun song ! Definite B-movie quality production. Not unlike most of the classic Zombie movies ( the better ones at least ) , this song was very much made on the fly and captured the humor, macabre and sense of imminent doom that was intended.Session Expiration WarningSession ExpirationWe need to talk.The web browser you're using to surf the web is so old it’s embarrassing. But hey, we hope you consider us a friend, the kind of friend you can count on to tell you when there's spinach stuck between your teeth. So here it goes: every time you surf the web with that antiquated web browser it’s like you have spinach in your teeth. Every time you get online, spinach!Look, we don't want you to be the butt of any more jokes when the sites you visit don't load or function properly. So please - for your own sake - click on one of the links for your preferred browser below, and get that spinach out of your teeth for good.