Like Brian Williams, Hillary Clinton Lied About BosniaFirst Lady Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea greet soldiers at the "Alicia" U.S. Army Base near Tuzla, Bosnia-Herzegovina, on March 25, 1996. AP View Enlarged ImageLies: Investigative reporter Sharyl Attkisson reminds us the secretary of state who blamed Benghazi on a video once made up a story about courage under fire in Bosnia. Maybe Brian Williams can be her 2016 running mate.'Nothing in life," Winston Churchill once famously said, "is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result," except perhaps in the minds of network anchors like NBC's Brian Williams and political candidates such as Hillary Clinton, who also claimed a brush with death in a war zone on her resume. Perhaps they can swap war stories.Former CBS reporter Sharyl Attkisson reminded the world of Hillary's tale of heroism in an interview with CBS Philadelphia affiliate WPHT morning host Chris Stigall last November, a tale told by the former first lady in her 2008 run against one Barack Obama."I had come home from an overseas trip vacation, and my husband says, 'When you went to Bosnia 12 years ago with the first lady, were you shot at?,' and I'm like, 'No, I think I would know if I were shot at,'" Attkisson told Stigall of the 1996 trip to Bosnia with Hillary, first daughter Chelsea and celebrities Sinbad and Sheryl Crow.Candidate Clinton claimed in a 2008 speech in Washington and several subsequent interviews that she and Chelsea were forced to run for cover under hostile fire shortly after landing in Tuzla, Bosnia."I remember landing under sniper fire," Clinton said. "There was supposed to be some kind of greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base."Her harrowing tale never happened, and Mrs. Clinton's faulty memory also forgot that there was a reporter on the trip who was taking notes and had a video of the event."The video showed," Attkisson said, "and I thought this was a pretty good way to explain it — I put her in a box saying, 'We got off the plane and had to duck and run for cover and there was sniper fire' and then I show the video of what was really happening, and she's getting off the plane and she's waving, shaking hands with a little school girl."In a way, Hillary recanted her tale, saying she had a "different memory" of the event, something akin to Brian Williams claiming that the "fog of memory" had clouded his recollection. Perhaps he should have taken notes like a good reporter like Sharyl Attkisson.See AlsoPolitics: Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina has a thing or two to say about Hillary Clinton, whose argument for the presidency is based not on her record or policy positions but on the fact she's a woman.'She wants to make it a gender-based campaign," Fiorina, who will launch her own ...Drone strikes, by their nature, are bound to kill innocent civilians. It is all too easy to ignore this ugly fact — and the dubious morality of the whole enterprise — until the unfortunate victims happen to be Westerners. Only then does "collateral damage" become big news and an ...War On Terror: The administration reveals that a flawed U.S. drone strike left a 72-year-old American hostage of al-Qaida dead. Meanwhile, al-Qaida makes gains in destabilized Yemen. Enhanced interrogation, anyone?The global war on terror is not a video game. But the Obama administration is waging ...Big Government: For typical Americans who paid all their taxes upfront, Friday is Tax Freedom Day. But for several hosts at MSNBC, Tax Freedom Day came much sooner.The Tax Foundation came up with Tax Freedom Day as a way to highlight the large and growing federal tax burden. It takes the nation's ...Ethics: With each day, new revelations call into question Hillary Clinton's behavior during her tenure as secretary of state and after. It's time for her to suspend her campaign and start answering questions.When even the left-wing media notice a leading Democrat's apparent ethical lapses, she has ...Select market data is provided by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services. Price and Volume data is delayed 20 minutes unless otherwise noted, is believed accurate but is not warranted or guaranteed by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services and is subject to Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services terms. All times are Eastern United States. *Reflects real-time index prices.