The “Imitation Game” star was one of many to hit the red carpet Sunday for the 2015 BAFTA Awards, which was live streamed from the BAFTA website. Cumberbatch expressed surprise that Oyelowo, who earned widespread acclaim for portrating Martin Luther King Jr. in Ava DuVernay’s drama, was not chosen to join him in the best lead actor category when nominations were announced.Come on, Peter, just because Ben doesn’t understand it does not mean he should give up his own (well earned) nomination, just as none of the others should do. One can be admiring and supportive of another without giving up their own shot at the brass ring. And I’m fairly certain it’s not up to the nominees to give away/trade nominations as they see fit. Kind of a nonsensical response to a magnanimous comment.Sorry if this is a controversial comment, but even though he was a great actor in it, it is a really obvious Oscar bait film, and even more performance. It seems a trend that anyone playing a character with a disability, or are gay or black and the film deals with that characters conflict in some way, then it HAS to get nominated. If anything, the film and him not being nominated is better, as it means they didn’t give in for once to OSCAR BAIT materialOr maybe BAFTA chooses to not celebrate American stories (when it’s such a strong year for British cinema). The Guardian is one of the only newspapers I’ve ever seen actually print the FACTS about MLK we should all know, but don’t know because we’re NOT ALLOWED to say them in this country. And how if I continue with those FACTS I’ll be deemed a racist – and you know it. It’s all that noise that they don’t want, and I commend them for it. Maybe if there were a film that showed his as a human being and not a saint, people would appreciate it as actually honoring the man – and maybe once we have the courage to do that he’ll be more embraced. This has nothing to do with Oyelowo.Come on, Ben. Of course you understand it. There’s only so many Best Actor nominations. Maybe you should have given up your one out of five nomination places and given it to David. I don’t know the nominations, but was Jake nominated for his outstanding performance in NIGHTCRAWLER? Brad Cooper for his outstanding performance in AMERICAN SNIPER? Maybe your buddy Eddie Redmayne should have given up his nom to David. Or Mike Keaton give up his nom. Or Steve Carrell for his wonderful performance as John DuPont. Maybe David’s performance was no better than the actors nominated or maybe not as good.maybe you should learn a little more about the actual BAFTA nominations, Steve Carrell was NOT nominated there for leading actor but for supporting actor, and David Oyelowo is 1,000x better than Bradley Cooper, but your big hooora hoora fox news lazy nationalism doens’t let you see that. (And Benedict should keep his nom, as the rest of the nominees who were really great)JK, hahahaha! Just another ignorant, feel good liberal. Are you a U.S. citizen? U.S. Veteran? If You’re gonna say something, say something real. You should listen to Fox News, to take you out of your denial and face reality, before a Muslim lops off your head!