Apply to this JobSend me a message:Name:Email:Phone:Attach your resumeBecome a Bullhorn Reach member and receive employment updatesMonster api key:Request url:Job DescriptionCounter Sales Associates are required to support the growth of a locally owned and operated auto parts store chain with over 24 locations opening 6 new locations in the next year. This company is the dominant supplier of auto parts in Northern Ohio and offers its retail customers, professional installers customers, and other auto parts stores the best combination of price, availability and quality of auto parts provided with the highest possible customer service level.In order to continue this mission, this company will provide a benefit and compensation plan that will attract and keep the kind of people that will enable the company to reach its goals of growth and success.Description:Job Duties Sales associates specializing in automotive parts will have similar duties those of customer service and sales jobs in the retail field. This kind of employee will provide assistance to customers over the phone, on the sales floor, answer questions, locate automotive products, and may even be responsible for stocking shelves, taking inventory, and handling returns. A sales associate working in auto parts will need to be extremely familiar with automotive products so as to accurately answer questions and satisfy customers’ demands. Some training will be provided and knowledge will come with experience. Sales associates will also double as cashiers and will have to operate a computer or cash register.Responsibilities include: provide customers with professional assistance in obtaining auto parts, service professional customer accounts and develop good sales relationships, follow and promote all company customer service programs. Requires auto parts knowledge including a good background in mechanics, excellent customer service skills, and above average communication skills.Job Qualifications: You must be at least 18 years of age to be considered for employment. A high school diploma will be required. Must complete a drug screen as well as pass a background check. The position of counter sales associate is not entry level. Therefore, work experience in retail or sales be required. Some history of working with auto parts or servicing vehicles and interacting with customers would be a definite advantage when applying for this position. Other characteristics that will set you apart from other applicants may include computer skills and a familiarity with auto parts and cars in general.Compensation: $10-12 hr. to start40 hours a week90 day temp to hireHours: Monday- Saturday 8am-6pmOnce hired in:-Benefits (Health)-company pays 75% single/50% family-Once hire in will get time served-wont have to wait 90 days for insurance