>>Bidding has ended on this item.This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabDescriptionPassionate about this charity? Add it to your favorites to help them when you buy and sell on eBay.100%of the sale of this item will benefit Love Hope Strength FoundationLove Hope Strength (LHS) is an international, music-centric cancer charity dedicated to saving lives, one concert at a time. The mission is to save lives, right now, with the advances that have already been made in cancer care. We do not fund cancer research, rather we use our funds to: Build and support Cancer Centers around the globe, Build awareness of global cancer needs, and Build international marrow databases through our "GET ON THE LIST" campaign.Celebrity Auction DoctorsEpiphone Guitar Signed By Rock IconsNET PROCEEDS BENEFIT Love Hope Strength FoundationWatch the episode belowITEM:Here's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for a lucky fan to win a piece of rock-and-roll history. The seminal alternative rock band The Alarm, along with the world's leading rock-and-roll cancer foundation, the Love Hope Strength Foundation, have taken this Epiphone acoustic guitar to their concerts and events around the world where it has been signed and played by many icons from rock and alternative rock music. Rarely do you find such a comprehensive signature collection of important rock-and-roll personalities on one guitar. (Please note that the guitar now looks as pictured below. In the video above, all of the signatures had not yet been obtained.)An all-star roster of musical luminaries have hand-signed this guitar including:Mike Peters (The Alarm, Big Country, Dead Men Walking) - lead singer of The Alarm, whose albums and singles such as "Rain in the Summertime," "Sixty Eight Guns," "Spirit of '76," and "Sold Me Down the River" have charted high in the US and UK since the early 80's.Duff McKagan (Guns N' Roses, Velvet Revolver, Loaded, Dead Men Walking) - best known for his twelve years as the bassist of Guns N' Roses with whom he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012.Lemmy (Motorhead) - bassist, singer, and songwriter who formed the historic British rock / metal band Motorhead in 1975.Cy Curnin (The Fixx) - lead vocalist for the new wave music group The Fixx since 1979. Curnin has co-written over a dozen songs that have appeared on the Billboard charts including "One Thing Leads to Another" and "Saved by Zero."Dave Wakeling (The English Beat, General Public) - singer, songwriter, and guitarist, widely known for his vocals and song composition for the chart-topping bands The English Beat ("Save It for Later," "I Confess," "Mirror in the Bathroom") and General Public ("Tenderness," "Never You Done That").Billy Duffy (The Cult) - guitarist for alternative rock band The Cult who helped to pen classic singles such as "She Sells Sanctuary," "Love Removal Machine," and "Fire Woman."Fred Armisen (SNL alumnus, Portlandia, Dead Men Walking) - singer, musician, actor, producer, and comedian, widely known as a co-star and co-creator of the IFC comedy series Portlandia, and as a cast member on Saturday Night Live from 2002 through 2013. Prior to that, he played drums for the punk rock band Trenchmouth and with the popular theater troupe Blue Man Group.Captain Sensible (The Damned, Dead Men Walking) - singer, songwriter, and guitarist who co-founded the influential punk rock band The Damned. His solo career in music spawned the classic alternative pop hit "Wot."Slim Jim Phantom (The Stray Cats) - drummer for the popular rockabilly band The Stray Cats which has had many hit singles such as "Stray Cat Strut" and "Rock This Town."James Stevenson (Gene Love Jezebel) - punk/alternative rock guitarist who has appeared with Gene Loves Jezebel and The Alarm, in addition to playing guitar for Billy Idol, Scott Walker, and many other rock musicians.Chris Cheney (The Living End, Dead Men Walking) - lead vocalist/ guitarist/ songwriter and co-founded of the alternative rock band The Living End ("Second Solution" / "Prisoner of Society," "Who's Gonna Save Us?," "Wake Up")."Love Hope Strength turns concerts into lifesaving events"Love Hope Strengthwww.lovehopestrength.org was co-founded by cancer survivors Mike Peters and James Chippendale. Rather than funding cancer research, Love Hope Strength focuses on building and supporting cancer centers around the world, boosting awareness of global cancer needs, and expanding international bone marrow databases. They primarily raise their funds through musical pilgrimages. In the past, they have held star-filled concert events at majestic sites like Mt. Everest, Mt. Fuji and Machu Picchu. Through their "Get on the List" campaign and partnership with Delete Blood Cancer, they have added close to 100,000 people to international marrow databases. They have also located over 1,300 potential life-saving matches for patients in need of bone marrow transplants.The guitarDonated by Gibson, the world's premier manufacturer of musical instruments, this Epiphone acoustic guitar is beautifully crafted from the finest materials, featuring a spruce top and mahogany body and neck. Constructed with the utmost quality, the guitar also includes chrome hardware, and rosewood fingerboard with dot inlays. The body has been custom-emblazoned with the official logo of Love Hope Strength.Soon after fulfillment of this guitar, Mike Peters himself will personally call the winner of the auction to thank him or her for the donation to Love Hope Strength.WE CAN ACCEPT PAYPAL. WE CAN ALSO ACCEPT CREDIT CARD OVER THE PHONE VIA VISA, MASTERCARD, DISCOVER OR AMERICAN EXPRESS DIRECTLY, SHIPPING ONLY TO THE CARD'S ACTUAL BILLING ADDRESS. PLEASE CONTACT US FOR OTHER AVAILABLE PAYMENT OPTIONS.CUSTOMERS APPRECIATE THE FACT THAT WE SHIP PROFESSIONALLY AND PROMPTLY.US Protectorates and Alaska/Hawaii will be subject to additional costs. Please inquire before bidding.FULL PAYMENT IS DUE FROM THE WINNING BIDDER WITHIN 7 DAYS OF THE CLOSE OF THE AUCTION. WE WILL FILE NON-PAYING BIDDER ALERTS FOR NON-PAYING BIDDERSPlace bidBy clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.