OpinionOn Friday the markets witnessed a heavy sell off after the earnings announcement of IT major Infosys. On Friday closed at 8305, down around 93 points. The market breadth stood negative as there were seen 684 stocks advancing against 2080 stocks declining. The Nifty volatility index, India VIX stood at 19.1050 up around...[ View full story ]I am born with an insatiable urge of travelling around the world and whenever I get a chance I never miss it. Recently I got an opportunity to visit Ajmer, Pushkar, Mountabu and Udaipur. I simply grabbed it to appease my ever hungry soul. we four ladies excitedly started our journey from Delhi...[ View full story ]The government’s manufacturing focus is evident. On the recent three-country foreign visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Make in India campaign received a fillip. India was also the partner country at Hannover Messe, described as the world’s leading trade fair for industrial technology. However, skeptics immediately pointed out India’s decision to buy...[ View full story ]Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mufti Muhammad Sayeed’s decision to “provide democratic space to separatist politics” by releasing Masarat Alam has badly backfired. Instead, the decision had made hardline positions on two sides even harder. Alam’s arrest in 2010 was “a hard earned success” for the security forces as the intelligence agencies believed...[ View full story ]The Indian decision to purchase 36 Rafale multi-role jet fighters from France in ‘fly-away’ condition will no doubt redress a critical inventory gap for the Indian Air Force (IAF) but it may turn out to be a Pyrrhic victory for French aerospace giant Dassault Aviation rather than the ‘coup’ it is being made...[ View full story ]While making the unwarranted and unsubstantiated allegation of how the judiciary is scared of “five-star” activists belonging to NGOs, Prime Minister Narendra Modi appears to have forgotten the intimidatory presence in the background of outfits such as the RSS which can be called non-state actors where his own government is concerned. How the...[ View full story ]