Lifelong smokers now have a real alternative to combusted cigarettes that allows for control over nicotine content, flavor and flexibility. If you are already into vaping, get involved as much as you can- otherwise vaping as we know it will never be this diverse.Quick linksGovernment funded useless studies–on tweets!If you take a gander through the Tobacco Control Reviews and studies, much of the material for e-cigs/vaping is damn near pointless. How much did all this cost to pay some poor intern to do a google search/twitter search and make a spreadsheet?==========AbstractTweeting for and against public health policy: response to the Chic… – PubMed – NCBIBACKGROUND:In January 2014, the Chicago City Council scheduled a vote on local regulation of electronic cigarettes as tobacco products. One week prior to the vote, the Chicago Department of Public Health (CDPH) released a series of messages about electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) through its Twitter account. Shortly after the messages, or tweets, were released, the department’s Twitter account became the target of a “Twitter bomb” by Twitter users sending more than 600 tweets in one week against the proposed regulation.OBJECTIVE:The purpose of our study was to examine the messages and tweet patterns in the social media response to the CDPH e-cigarette campaign.METHODS:We collected all tweets mentioning the CDPH in the week between the e-cigarette campaign and the vote on the new local e-cigarette policy. We conducted a content analysis of the tweets, used descriptive statistics to examine characteristics of involved Twitter users, and used network visualization and descriptive statistics to identify Twitter users prominent in the conversation.RESULTS:Of the 683 tweets mentioning CDPH during the week, 609 (89.2%) were anti-policy. More than half of anti-policy tweets were about use of electronic cigarettes for cessation as a healthier alternative to combustible cigarettes (358/609, 58.8%). Just over one-third of anti-policy tweets asserted that the health department was lying or disseminating propaganda (224/609, 36.8%). Approximately 14% (96/683, 14.1%) of the tweets used an account or included elements consistent with “astroturfing”-a strategy employed to promote a false sense of consensus around an idea. Few Twitter users were from the Chicago area; Twitter users from Chicago were significantly more likely than expected to tweet in support of the policy.CONCLUSIONS:Our findings may assist public health organizations to anticipate, recognize, and respond to coordinated social media campaigns.