I track the wealth of the .1% and chronicle how America's richest billionaires spend their fortunes. It's not just the lifestyles of the rich and the famous. With every fast rise to the top of the income bracket, there's an even better back story. That's why I'm here. My work has also appeared in Yahoo! Finance and Women's Wear Daily, and you may have caught me debating issues on CNN or HuffPost Live. I'm a senior at George Washington University, and have learned the ins and outs of higher education finance from my three years working on its award-winning campus newspaper. During my last year, I'll be managing the news team. Tweet me @chloesorvino.Billionaire Ralph Lauren'sRalph Lauren's pockets are a bit thinner after stock in his fashion conglomerate had one of the largest price drops in its history this week.His fortune took a hit of more than $800 million after releasing dismal earnings that led to a sell-off of Ralph Lauren stock on Wednesday. The price fell $31.12 per share – an 18% hit. The company founder is still worth an estimated $7 billion.On Tuesday, his stake in the company was worth an estimated $4.76 billion, when the stock closed at $170.83 per share. The next day, it fell to $3.89 billion. He controls 81.5% of the company’s voting rights.The stake has since rebounded slightly to $3.95 billion, according to Forbes. The stock was slightly back up when it closed Thursday at $141.77 per share. Still, that’s $29.06 less per share than where it was on Tuesday.Lauren also owns options worth an estimated $132 million.His fortune is cushioned by cash and investments that Forbes estimates are now worth at least $3 billion – assets built up over years of dividends and stock sales since the company went public in 1997. Those assets include an extensive car collection: When just 17 pieces were on display at the Louvre in 2011, analysts valued those cars at a combined $200 million. Another large part of his net worth stems from his personal residences, including an estate in Montauk, N.Y.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.CommentsGreat story, Chloe. It will be interesting to see how the other luxury groups fare during earnings season.You might be interested in the post I just did featuring the former head of LVMH USA, who happens to be a big fan of Lauren’s..http://www.forbes.com/sites/shelliekarabell/2015/02/06/leadership-lessons-from-the-lap-of-luxury/