College Tuition Increase: Racial Diversity Drops As Costs Go Up, Study Finds Here’s the latest online college news: Public four-year institutions grew more expensive, but so did the likelihood that black and Hispanic students...House budget proposal endangers tuition freeze Here’s the latest online college news: DES MOINES — Tuition freezes at Iowa’s public universities may be in danger under funding proposals announced Thursday by lawmakers. Read the...DeVry University will close campus, offer online classes only Here’s the latest online college news: DeVry University, a for-profit college that has had a presence in downtown Milwaukee since 1983, announced Thursday it will...UCF director resigns amid accusations of mishandling funds Here’s the latest online college news: Dr. Robert Chandler served as director of the School of Communication at University of Central Florida but recently resigned amid...Promising Full College Credit, Arizona State University Offers Online Freshman … Here’s the latest online college news: The university, working with the online course provider edX, will begin a low-cost program that will be...College honors SFSC professor as ‘textbook hero’ Here’s the latest online college news: AVON PARK — South Florida State College physics and astronomy professor Erik Christensen was honored recently as a “textbook hero” by...Georgia high school teacher arrested for sex with students Here’s the latest online college news: OnlineAthens.com is the daily online edition of The Athens (GA) Banner-Herald. Read the full article with this online college...Creating Your Own Online Course? Avoid These Mistakes! Here’s the latest online college news: The Internet has made it possible for us to explore different options, learn new skills, and embark in new careers...Sir Keith Burnett says £9000 university tuition fees are ‘a disaster … Here’s the latest online college news: There is at least one voice in the wilderness among vice-chancellors calling for tuition fees to...CC Students Face Uphill Climb in Succeeding with Online Courses Here’s the latest online college news: A recently presented study from the University of California Davis questions the effectiveness of allowing first-time students in...VIDEO: Leaders discuss controversial Native American party near Eastern … Here’s the latest online college news: Walter Kraft, Vice President of Communications for Eastern Michigan University. Read the full article with this online college...Arizona State, edX to offer entire freshman year of college online Here’s the latest online college news: Arizona State will allow students to take their entire freshman year of courses online, for credit. The...Bills to scrap front license plates, regulate college textbooks introduced in … Here’s the latest online college news: State lawmakers are again trying to no longer require Ohio drivers to have two license plates...An Online University Course on the Science of Climate Science Denial Here’s the latest online college news: Guest post from John Cook, University of Queensland For many years, RealClimate has been educating the public...College Costs Soar, But Can You Afford Not To Go? Here’s the latest online college news: The moment she stepped onto its leafy Nashville campus, 17-year-old Tyra Searcy fell in love with Vanderbilt University....Revolt halts Bloomsburg University’s pilot tuition plan Here’s the latest online college news: BLOOMSBURG — Bowing in the face of a petition signed by nearly 2,000 students, Bloomsburg University has abandoned a tuition program...Teen seeks donations to take online classes at Duke University Here’s the latest online college news: A middle school student in Lawrenceburg is raising money to take online classes through Duke University. Read the...