HAMRADIONOW.tv Episodes 198. 199 and 200! A crass little commercial, Standing Up for Standing Waves, and in 200, BS#3 (Media Edition) We've been busy here at HamRadioNow, so I waited to spam QRZ.com until the waves stopped rolling in. Episode 198 is the crass commercial. It's not for us, it's for the company that makes our "logo-wear."... [continue]The US House Committee on Energy and Commerce has given the Federal Communications Commission a May 7 deadline to produce documents related to FCC Enforcement Bureau proposals to close two-thirds of its field offices and eliminate nearly one-half of its staff of field agents. In an April 23 letter, Committee Chairman Fred Upton (R-MI) told FCC Chai... [continue]Following representations by the Amateur Radio Society of Kenya, the Communications Authority of Kenya has allocated 50 to 52MHz to the amateur service. Authorisation is on a Secondary, non-interference, basis and has been made possible by the migration of television services from analogue to digital. Permitted power is 150 watts DC input or 400 wa... [continue]Southern Chile’s Calbuco volcano erupted this week for the first time in more than 40 years, forcing the evacuation of an area of some 12 miles around the volcano. Approximately 5,000 residents have been relocated and ash, which measures nearly seven miles, has been reported from as far away as Argentina. IARU Region 2 reports […]ARRL’s Logbook of The World went offline unexpectedly on Thursday evening, April 23. The problem has been identified and has now been corrected. Thank you for your patience while we worked to restore this.RSGB Train the Trainers Days days are for you if you are delivering training for the amateur examinations and do not already have a professional educational background. The purpose is to give you some insights in how to prepare and deliver your material, to improve the learning skills of your class and hopefully inject some fun […]The RSGB’s Twitter name has been changed to @theRSGB. Follow us at that account for regular amateur radio news, images, events and Member offers. Take a look at the profile header picture and see the winning photo from our Twitter photo competition, submitted by Adam, MM0KFX. Congratulations to Adam and to the two runners-up, Vaughan, […]The RSGB’s Twitter name has been changed to @theRSGB. Follow us at that account for regular amateur radio news, images, events and Member offers. Take a look at the profile header picture and see the winning photo from our Twitter photo competition, submitted by Adam, MM0KFX. Congratulations to Adam and to the two runners-up, Vaughan, […]A film production company is looking for help from radio amateurs, particularly those who had a career in the maritime industry. A large portion of their film’s props are themed around radios, transmitters, receivers and all the other equipment that is related to maritime radio. Portishead Radio Station is one of the sets that is […]We start with news from clubs that have several events this week. South Kesteven Amateur Radio Society members will be operating the GB5ROC special event station from the Royal Observer Corps post on the Buckminster Estate in Leicestershire today. On Wednesday there’s an informal evening. Details from Andrew, M0NRD, on 07969 062 859. Sutton Coldf... [continue]Last week we said that the NOAA prediction was for a solar flux index of up to 135, but we thought this was pessimistic. We were proved right as the SFI soared to 154 on the 21st. However conditions remained very unsettled with the Kp index hitting four at times and with many M-class solar […]The 24 hours of the SP DX RTTY Contest ends today at 1200UTC Sunday, the 26th. Non-SP stations can work anyone and there are multiples for DXCC entities and continents worked. The exchange is signal report and serial number with SP stations sending their Province code. The BARTG Sprint 75 runs for four hours this […]Mark, M0TVV will be operating holiday portable from 2 to 14 May as EA5/M0TVV on the 10, 20 and 40 metre bands QRP portable. This will be his first time operating outside the United Kingdom under his new Full licence and he hopes to be able to be on the air as often as possible […]