The social media team working on the Avatar sequels have just stepped up their game in a very serious way. While the franchise's Facebook page has remained relatively active since the first film's release in 2009, things have been pretty quiet on other platforms.Although the next Avatar movie won't be released for a while, James Cameron and his team are keeping us informed and intrigued with the film by engaging with fans through these various social avenues. Following their years of silence they're really beginning to ramp up their social media game and it's becoming a tangible reality for the first time. Here's what we know about the Avatar sequels so far.1. Avatar 2 was pushed back for a December 2017 releaseWhile Avatar 2was initially set to be released seven years after the first film in 2016, earlier this year, James Cameron told the Associated Press that hitting the original December 2016 target would be too difficult because, well, writing is hard! He stated:There's a layer of complexity in getting the story to work as a saga across three films that you don't get when you're making a standalone film.Sure, waiting another year to be transported back to Pandora isn't quite to my liking, but I agree with Cameron's decision. Writing is a tricky process for anyone, and since the first film took 10 years to perfect, I could only imagine working on an entire saga. Take your time, Cameron. I'll be here whenever you're ready.2. It will be shown in 3 separate partsAlthough it's taking quite a while to finetune the saga, Cameron hopes that writing the three films together will expedite the process in the long run. Avatar 3 and Avatar 4 will be released consecutively in 2018 and 2019 (respectively), meaning that the franchise will end a decade after the first film's release.3. Some familiar faces will be returningIt's already been confirmed that not only will both Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, and Stephen Lang will be reprising their roles of Jake Sully, Neytiri, and Colonel Miles Quaritch, but that Sigourney Weaver will return as well, despite the unfortunate fate of her character, Grace Augustine.A few years ago, Weaver expressed that she knew the storyline for the following three films, and that her character Grace would have a place in the films, but only this past year did Cameron confirmed her statement in an official announcement:Sigourney and I have a long creative history, dating back to 1985 when we made Aliens. We’re good friends who’ve always worked well together, so it just feels right that she’s coming back for the Avatar sequels.Her character of Grace Augustine, as fans know, died in the first movie, so she’s playing a different and in many ways more challenging character in the upcoming films.Who exactly Weaver will be playing is still under wraps, but we're eagerly keeping our ears to the wall regarding her character.4. There's tons of new imagery for fans to enjoyWhether you're more of a Tumblr or Pintrest fan, the marketing team for Avatar is working hard to make sure we know what's going on throughout the filmmaking process, and what we can expect from the upcoming films.Since Avatar is known largely for pushing the visual boundaries of filmmaking, it's pretty awesome to see where the film is headed, even at these early stages.5. They want to help you brush up on your Na'viWith the help of both Instagram and Soundcloud, Avatar is giving fans some new sounds to go along with the aforementioned sights of Pandora.Check out the official Avatar Instagram page to participate in brief Na'vi vocabulary lessons. Thus far, I have learned the proper term and pronunciation for words like child, laugh, and joke. Will I be able to seamlessly slip them into my daily conversations? We'll see.Not only will the Soundcloud page have tips regarding the Na'vi language furthering the lessons on their Instagram page, we can also expect them to post a healthy dose of Na'vi culture, including sounds of Pandora and Na'vi music.6. You can earn Na'vi badges on TwitterAs if they haven't treated us with enough today, the official Avatar Twitter page, which up until yesterday had been silent since 2011, announced that they would be awarding Na'vi badges for people who interact with their page. So get on Twitter and give them a follow to participate!7. The sequels will be "bitchin'"Whether or not you liked the storyline, it's hard to deny that Avatar was visually stunning. That's a huge part of how it reached the title of highest grossing film of all time (without adjusting for inflation), so whatever Cameron creates is already highly anticipated. That being said, James Cameron apparently wants us to set our expectations even higher. Like, stupidly high. These were his exact words to Empire Magazine last year were:I can tell you one thing about them, they’re gonna be bitchin’. You will shit yourself with your mouth wide open.