A week removed from the biggest public-relations mess of his political career, and after suffering through more than a few Vladimir Putin jokes, I guess I expected Gov. Mike Pence to be a little gloomier. Or at least grumpier.Nope.It was the same Mike Pence as usual who walked into a Northside restaurant Thursday morning. He smiled, chatted with a server and asked about my family. He talked in that earnest way of his about education and struggling Hoosiers. He shared a few political tidbits and said he would welcome to Indiana the next day a president he rarely agrees with because "I'm old school." All in all, Pence didn't seem the least bit fazed by the pummeling he'd taken the previous week over a certain now-defunct state-run news service.Oh, sure, he did eventually pull out a copy of my recent column about the news service debacle — a column in which I'd dropped on Pence a few insulting comparisons to Putin, North Korea and, worst of all, the New England Patriots. And, yes, he did say, "I just want to talk about" a section of the column mocking his legislative agenda.But Pence is a politician who doesn't get rattled, at least not visibly, and he addresses grievances with the politeness of an Eagle Scout. Whatever even his worst critics say about him, I don't think I've ever met a politician who handled criticism so well.In this case, the measured response might be the result of Pence understanding news cycles, and being aware that the state-run news service controversy has faded quite a bit already and will fade even more in the coming weeks. But the other big news of recent days, the federal Medicaid waiver that allowed him to expand the state's insurance program for low-income Hoosiers, will not fade way. In fact, it will likely grow in prominence as more and more people sign up, and it will just as likely be the centerpiece accomplishment of Pence's current term."Because it's going to impact hundreds of thousands of people in a way that will improve their lives," he said, "I don't know that I've ever been involved in anything that was of more lasting consequence."The waiver has won Pence accolades from across the political spectrum. Yes, some on the farthest reaches of the right have criticized his willingness to work with the Obama administration. But he sees the Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 as a groundbreaking way to infuse personal responsibility and consumer-driven ideals into the Medicaid system. As I wrote in one column last week, the program is a big win and a good thing.Of course, in that other column I'd mocked the governor's legislative agenda as "light as a football in New England." And, yes, Pence did want to talk about it. Pulling out a copy of the column at breakfast, complete with my sarcastic lines about his agenda highlighted in hot pink, he wanted to defend an agenda he said boldly tackles the state's education challenges."I spend a lot of time thinking about what ought to be the goal of our administration," he said, "and a focus on student achievement is the right focus."I agree. And while plenty in the education world object to Pence's education agenda, it's important to note that he indeed does have one. It would increase funding for charter schools and private-school vouchers, as well as overall education spending. He also is seeking more flexibility from regulations for some districts and bonuses for high-performing educators, and he is continuing to push his statewide initiative to provide more career and vocational paths for high school students who see that as the right option.On charters, Pence is seeking to close a funding gap that provides such schools with less per-pupil funding than other public schools. It's a move he believes "would put Indiana back in the game on charter innovation," and that responds to the high-caliber charter operators that have bypassed or pulled out of Indiana. "Our kids lose when that happens," he added. "That is why I am raising the alarm bells."A true believer in the value of vouchers, he is seeking to expand the pool of families that can use them. It's all part of what he said is a goal to see 100,000 students move into high-rated schools over the next five years. "It's not a bumper sticker," he insisted, "it is a metric."Of course, plenty of educators object to the governor's agenda, and some of us will never get over his ill-advised decision last year to spike a federal grant application that could have poured $80 million into state preschool programs. In the meantime, his ongoing battles with Superintendent of Public Instruction Glenda Ritz continue to dominate the headlines. Ask him about those battles, though, and he brushes them aside, saying that he and Ritz had "a very cordial" meeting two days earlier and have found agreement on issues such as vocational education."We're going to have our disagreements," he said, "but on this one we've always seen eye to eye. So let's roll up our sleeves and move this forward."Given the intense anger stemming from the current Republican push to reduce Ritz's power, that is probably an overly optimistic view of things. But that's Pence. Unruffled. Positive. Unfazed, it seems, by a rough patch. Whether you agree with him or not, and I've had my share of disagreements, it's hard to knock the optimism."We've been given the opportunity to make a real difference," he said. "That's what we're focused on."