2015 U.S. Open at Chambers Bay could have a British Isles feelSEATTLE -- The 2015 U.S. Open in June at Chambers Bay will look a lot more like the major played in July -- the British Open -- than this country's national championship.The University Place course emulates the great links courses in Britain, which was the first impression for Mark Loomis, the director of golf for Fox, which is televising the U.S. Open for the first time."It was like I was looking at a (British Open) layout," Loomis said of his first trip to the course. "It might not look like a U.S. Open, but I think it will definitely feel like U.S. Open."Loomis said he was not concerned that Chambers Bay lacks a stately clubhouse that could be an iconic image on TV."The iconic image at Chambers Bay is the Puget Sound and the amazing view," Loomis said.Fox has not finalized where to put its main tower, but Loomis said the plan now is on the hill between the first and 10th holes because of the great vantage points.UW women back in actionThe Washington women ended the fall season ranked No. 1, but the Huskies have since lost the top-ranked college player in the country, SooBin Kim, and star freshman Jing Yan. Both are now on the LPGA Tour.But coach Mary Lou Mulflur is confident in her thin five-player squad that starts the spring season Sunday in the Regional Challenge at Palos Verdes, Calif."Feeling great about this group," Mulflur said. "They've worked hard, and the energy has been awesome."Notes--Former University of Washington star Paige Mackenzie was slated to return for the start of the LPGA season two weeks ago, but she had a setback in her recovery from back surgery that she had early last year.--Chris Williams, the former University of Washington star who finished his 2013 senior season as the top-ranked amateur in the world, received a sponsor's exemption into this week's Farmer's Open PGA Tour event in San Diego. Chris' brother Pete is a Farmer's Insurance agent. Chris made the cut last year wtih Pete caddying for him, but he missed the cut Friday in this year's event.This article was written by Scott Hanson from Seattle Times and was legally licensed through the NewsCred publisher network.