On January 20th, 1993, Chelsea Clinton moved into the White House just shy of her thirteenth birthday. Though she was born into what is undeniably privilege, Chelsea made an immediate impression on Secret Service agents, who gave her the code-name “Energy.”Her parents did all they could to ensure that what remained of her childhood would be as normal as possible. They attempted to put her in public school, but the press made it impossible to ensure her safety and privacy.The Clintons made an agreement with the press to keep Chelsea “off-limits,” which only lasted until Rush Limbaugh took a jab at her appearance. Chelsea, like most 13 year olds, went through an awkward phase that the despicable likes of Limbaugh couldn’t help but criticize.Chelsea Clinton has since moved on, and after many years of bettering herself through higher education, has blossomed into an incredibly intelligent, successful and beautiful woman.In essence, she is everything the GOP and their base hates. According to the troglodytes in the Republican party, beautiful women should wear swimsuits or don mini-skirts and host for Fox News, intelligent women don’t exist and successful women are simply those who marry successful men.It comes as no surprise that in the time leading up to the 2016 Presidential election that the right-wing nut jobs would pull out the propaganda mill and attack Chelsea, hoping any kind of attack on a Clinton will trickle down to her mother.This meme, posted on the hate page “Hillary Clinton’s Crab Lice,” shows just how low the right will go to discredit someone who, through her own personal achievements and hard work, is poised to make an actual difference for the world in which she lives.Without anything of substance to attack Chelsea Clinton on, this pile of putrid perversion would have to suffice. Here’s the problem, wingnuts: There’s these little things called facts that you like to ignore that make this meme look as dumb as the people who liked and shared it.Chelsea’s intelligence shone early in her life. She skipped the third grade.She was a National Merit Scholarship semifinalist in 1997 at 17.In 2001 she graduated from Stanford University with highest honors and a B.A. in history.Opting not to apply for a Rhodes Scholarship, she was accepted to Oxford University for graduate studies, one of the most prestigious colleges in the world. Lord Butler of Brockwell, the Master of University College, said: “Her record at Stanford shows that she is a very well-qualified and able student.”She earned a Masters in Philosophy in International Relations from Oxford in 2003.In 2011, she began Doctorate studies at Oxford and earned that degree in May of 2014.She also earned a Masters in Public Health from Columbia University in 2010 and began teaching graduate classes there in 2012.Assistant Vice-Provost for the Global Network University of New York University, working on international recruitment strategies.She is the co-founder of the Of Many Institute for Multifaith Leadership at NYU and serves as its co-chair.[36] In 2012, Clinton received an award from the Temple of Understanding for her “work in advancing a new model of integrating interfaith and cross-cultural education into campus life.Such a horrible woman, isn’t she?A popular conservative mantra is that low-wage earners deserve what they get because they never “bettered themselves,” but when someone like Chelsea Clinton does just that, graduates from some of the finest institutions in the world with two masters degrees and a doctorate, she gets paid for “doing nothing.”As for having no “real experience,” Chelsea Clinton has never sat idle. In 2003, straight out of college, she was hired by the consulting firm McKinsey & Company in New York City, moving on to work for Avenue Capital Group in the fall of 2006. She served as co-chairperson for a fund-raising week for the Clinton Foundation, and subsequently became Vice Chairwoman for the foundation. She serves on the board of the School of American Ballet[and on interactive Corp’s board of directors.More recently she was hired by NBC News as a special correspondent.The accusation that she rides her parents’ coat tails is nothing short of preposterous. The GOP is allowed to be upset that yet another Democrat is smarter than three-states worth of their base combined, but trying to discredit her in this way will surely backfire.Charles is a lifetime lefty liberal from Lowell who has managed to migrate (legally) to the backwoods of Maine. He writes from a 1 acre progressive bubble where Nobama stickers on pickemup truck bumpers are common.They hate her because she’s a twofold threat. Chelsea Clinton is both highly educated and she’s passing that torch on to others through teaching. Education is anathema to everything Republicans stand for, because in their view, educated people are dangerous; they’re harder to fool and impossible to control.Dusty754Boy did you hit the nail squarely on the head. This is why republicants defund education. Can’t have anyone questioning their methods. Educated people would actually research things and that would bring facts that would cloud the republicants issues, making them non-issues and thus not important.fbear0143Is there any clearer evidence that Amerika has become quasi-fascistic? Look at statements from fascistic leaders through the ages and you can see that an educates person is anathema to them. The Nazis were most descriptive of their love for ignorance. I admire Chelsea simply for having survived her parents and for having survived life in the White House with all the beasts who regularly prowled outside its fences, and for having just survived If she is smart, and should the country continue to decline, I would recommend that she move abroad and use her talents and experience in a country where women are more appreciated and respected and where her “privileged” background doesn’t matter but her capabilities do.PamB1No, American women have suffered much over the years, including jail and beatings for the Right to vote, etc, to pick up and leave……We will fight for our daughters and granddaughters and hope to kill off the Republican party of Hate.jan375Pam B1- you should take a look at our FB page-“PISSED OFF WOMEN OVER 50 AND PISSED OFF FRIENDS OF WOMEN OVER 50.”glogrrlYeah, Scott Walker is right at the head of the crowd, de-funding public education in Wisconsin, busting up the education unions, and now, slashing $300 MILLION from the Wisconsin universities, some of the best schools in the country. Republican governors all over the country are following suit. In Brownbackistan, some of the public schools in small towns are having to close down because their idiot governor has cut school funding to give corporations and the rich MORE tax breaks.Chelsea Clinton PRETTY? When? Where? HOW? She’s a homely girl who is in an arranged marriage… I don’t HATE her. Then again, I’m on the left side of the political spectrum. I hate her PARENTS, two war criminals who helped the GOP destroy the middle and under classes (of which I am a part of)…RaiannHate much ?? Chelsea is not her parents. She is a beautiful, accomplished young woman. And if you even if you dis agree with her parents politics then you are a very sorry person. War criminal maybe you better talk to GW and his accomplice’s. And I guess you are friends with her or her husband to know how their marriage is. .James R. MaddenMr. Abramowitz, you can’t be a part of something if it has been destroyed.regressive whitetrash GOP scumenjoy thistman418Chelsea Clinton PRETTY? When? Where? HOW? She’s a homely girl…I’m on the left side of the political spectrum.You can’t claim to be leftist, and then pass such judgement on Chelsea Clinton’s looks the way you did, all because of your feelings about her parents.Angela MongerBecause of course the children of Republican politicians don’t make their way through life because of who their parents are.Adam SchneiderAll of the awful things said about her in that meme are the things they should have been saying about George W. Bush instead. He was a man born with a silver spoon in his mouth and he had everything given to him, even the presidency (thanks Supreme Court and Florida), and look what he did with it. He was an average student and just wasted the opportunities he had. There’s a big difference between them.JayDon’t forget Romney.mk4524What about his daughters? Do they have similar bios as Chelsea?RobertNot even close.glogrrlMostly, they were getting drunk in bars, but one of them (I think it’s Jenna) got a job (by way of her Daddy) on the Today Show, I think.Judy Rae JacksonIn all fairness, both of the Bush daughters DID grow up, DID get good educations & are working. By all accounts they are lovely accomplished young ladies who are very intelligent.Candice WhiteYou don’t have to denigrate the Bush daughters to appreciate Chelsea Clinton you are just as bad the right wingers.kecward78Although they were typical college students (along with the occasional booze fest), they both got their degrees and are doing well in the real world. I’ve also read that their politics are decidedly LEFT of the rest of the family. Again proving that education and thinking women are more liberal, progressive and democratic than the men on the *right* try to keep them.glogrrlPoor George…..he was born with a silver foot in his mouth.Actually, that’s what Ann Richardson said about George HW, but it fits Junior, too.Michael HillActually Bush was born with a silver coke spoon up his noseghm52Dan Rather was right…Jason Jermaine SmithI think they got the target of their accusations wrong. All of those things in that meme apply to the palin’s kids. Fits them to a T.regressive whitetrash GOP scumthis palin intellectual?Nineteen11We all know who can’t speak without his teleprompter. I’ll give you a hint. He was born in Kenya, he’s muslime, and he’s th single biggest liar to ever hold the office of president. And since you dopes can’t think your way out of a paper bag, I’ll give you another hint: his name is Barry Soetero.Cindy Bottahhh a birther see that’s what we were missing is a true moron and bamb her you areNineteen11We wouldn’t want to insult you or your muslime-in-chief with facts or the truth. I don’t know what a “bamb her” is but it must be because you are so brilliant that I just can’t comprehend it.regressive whitetrash GOP scumhere are some facts for U to cry over ….pampers or huggies for you?Candice WhiteIt’s an ignorant fool like you.Glenna Jones-KachtikIt is OK Guest, you are one of those who don’t let something like pesky little facts get in your way. News Flash…even if President Obama had been born in Kenya (which he wasn’t) – he still would be President because his Mom was an American Citizen. (If Ted can run, so could Obama). You seem to just cling to misinformation. He isn’t Muslim either.I think what Cindy meant to say was this: “…. what we were missing is a true moron – and ‘Bamb’ you are.”funny: its been proven repeatedly that Obama was born in Hawaii here is a photo of the safety provided by YOUR GOP white trash regressive administration please enjoy!Nineteen11Obama has a social security number not possibly from Hawaii and his birth certificate copy is a proven fake. Well let’s see. Obama gives a press conference on a beheaded American and is on the golf course what? 30 minutes later. Your boy is a racist, compulsive lying, pot smoking, know nothing, America hating muzzie scum bag and will go down in the books as the worst “president” in history and one of the worst word leaders ever in office.RobertEveryone is entitled to an opinion, but luckily yours is so out of touch it doesn’t matter.Nineteen11There you have it. The very epitome of the liberal. Any opinion that does not match your view of the world does not matter. I am so glad we have all the guns and sissified half-a-f@g, man child, hipsters are so scared of them that when it is time, you’ll all wet your pants and be obozo’s Jack boots and islamo-nazi’s to leave you alive so you can service them. Have a nice life in slavery douche boy.pjm19606You are the idiot whose scared, identifying yourself only as “guest”.Darren JohnsonYou really are an idiot.glogrrlBoy, you really ARE crazy!Steve Goetz“Opinion”? You offered up a fact about the deficit and, as another said, got it 1000% wrong, then never had the balls to own up to that fact. And you don’t have the balls to sign in as a real person. Those are facts, not opinion. My opinion – you’re a spineless little wormMichael CorlissOpinions don’t matter when, like yours, they are not based on any facts (or in your case) reality. Please respond–I need some more of your hilarious “opinions”.regressive whitetrash GOP scumguns??? oh yeah– we all know how THATS done for you ( perhaps U should purchase some more?)glogrrlPut down the bottle and take a tranquilizer.Janice AdamsYou stick to your story girl. You have gone far. If you know the President’s social security number you can steal his identity. Fox News, Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter all lead you on so they can make millions off you. I feel so sorry for you. George Bush spent many a day on the course while our boys were being blown up and shot in Iraq and Afghanistan. Muslims are as good as Christians any day and some of them are decidedly better. If he were a Muslim, he would still be an Intelligent, thinking President who took us out of two wars, who advanced our nation’s standing in the world after it had been destroyed by an ex-drunk who didn’t have enough brain cells left to put himself to bed.regressive whitetrash GOP scumhere is your “best” president I suspectfrank96740Thank you for showing us once again that you are a TRUE left wing idiot.. It’s refreshing when you prove it again and again just like your ‘master’ Obama…regressive whitetrash GOP scumawwww…………………. did reminding the white trash regressive (you) about the “safety” provided to America by the PRIOR administration cause you some angina? perhaps we can discuss republican policies & the splendor they have given the USA over the past 25 years?? Hmmm?frank96740Race ignorant baiting idiots (like you) give even the LEFT ‘normals’ a bad name. The corruption that follows Democrats around our country is mind boggling, buying votes and claiming to actually CARE about the people they look down upon is disgusting. The fact that those same ignorant people keep voting them into office and support that corruption is sickening. For the record – the budget ‘surplus’ was a joke and YOU KNOW IT! Deferred debt is what all administrations do to make themselves look better. I assume you have the brains (it IS an assumption) to realize that today’s DEBT is Obama’s and WON’T BE ABLE TO BE HIDDEN… I’M betting YOU are the WHITE TRASH ur talking about – too embarrassed to admit it huh?Jason Jermaine SmithLmmfao, birthers are always good for a laugh. But then I feel kind of bad because I feel like I laughed at someone that I didn’t realize was suffering from a mental birth defect. But then I remember they’re probably just some Tea-Qaeda wingnut and I don’t feel bad anymore.Nineteen11Laugh all you want a-hole. Liberalism is the mental disorder. “Tea-Qaeda” – how clever. So people that want the country to have limited government and to follow the Constitution are terrorists according to the warped mind of the idiot liberal. That about sums up who everyone ought to be laughing at. Enjoy your government bending you over and your tongue up Obozo’s hole douche.Jason Jermaine SmithTea-Qaeda and Al-Qaeda have the same qualities, same religion, same goals, and same theory on life. They are synonymous. I hope you guys enjoy eight years of Hillary, lmao. I can’t wait to see the hordes of Tea-Qaeda senior citizens and Citizens’ Councils of America choke on that one, lol.Nineteen11You liberal progressive tools are the biggest abusers of individual rights in the history of America. You defend muzzie scum like rabid dogs even though they will kill you for just about everything you believe in. That is what I can’t wait for. Killary does not have a chance. She’s an old, elitist hag and criminal.Jason Jermaine SmithTea-Qeada and the rest of the “Stupid Party” (words of one of your own, no less) have no one who can beat her. Which is all you @$$clowns worry about. Have someone take a photo when you have your aneurysm lol.Nineteen11Lol away brainless. You have nothing to add to a vlid debate. Go suck off obozo. That’ll give the biggest LOLsGlenna Jones-KachtikSo, since you hide behind the name guest; I can assume you are a paid troll. I don’t see any of the rest of us afraid to sign our name or at least some ID. What your posts show is that you really have nothing but vile remarks & some kind of idea that if you label those who disagree with you as a hated “liberal” that it covers up for your lack any real facts. Therefore we should all just ignore you & any other post you care to put up. You never really DISCUSS anything – probably don’t know how.regressive whitetrash GOP scum^^^^BRILLIANCE^^^ON^^^^DISPLAY^^^^ see photochurst714Your rhetoric gets more & more laughable, right out of the RWNJ playbook. Your nonsense does not & will not change anything, nothing, nada but it is good for an LOL moment or 2.Bill28Assuming for a moment that you mean Tea Party advocates, please explain these “qualities”, “religion”, “goals” and “theory on life”. In exactly what ways are the two synonymous?“I can’t wait to see the hordes of Tea-Qaeda senior citizens and Citizens’ Councils of America choke on that one, lol.”That sounds pretty hateful. Reasonable people can disagree on political philosophy without resorting to the tactics of grade school bullies.Jason Jermaine SmithYou can easily see the similarities in Tea-Qaeda abd Al-Qaeda: They are both ultra conservative religious fundamentalist organizations. They are both big on promoting their fundamentalist view on the world and calling for the death of anyone who disagrees with them. They use the same ignorant hateful rhetoric when referring to Americans, homosexuals, women, basically anyone who does not toe their line. Their ultimate goals are to drag society back to the Stone/Dark ages with a populace too uneducated to see the bs in their religious demagoguery. Both are anti-education and anti-intellectual. I can go on but I think you see the point.regressive whitetrash GOP scumtea partyglogrrlYeah, you want limited government…..just small enough to fit in a woman’s vagina. You conservatives are sex-obsessed. Get some help.Brook123I long for the day that the Tea Party rule America. The US will be bankrupt within 4 years; Leader of the Free World – you’ll be lucky to be leader of a unemployment line.Neller6557There you have it. The very epitome of the neocon. Any opinion that does not match your view of the world does not matter. Me thinks you might be the jackbooted islamaphobic nazi, proslavery douchebag man child so scared that when it is time, you’ll wet your pants…Janice AdamsDid you ever read the Constitution. Believe it or not, it is the Republicans that want to destroy parts of it. Congress does not do their job, spelled out in the Constitution. Republicans have removed the voting rights of people, spelled out in the Constitution. They want to privatize the Post Office, the only service establishment that’s role is spelled out in the Constitution. They have let guns run riot in this country even though the Constitution stipulates that people who own guns must be in some organized militia and go to war when the country needs them. We have had limited Government in the past. Rivers caught on fire, people died in factories, children went from the third grade to work in mines and factories. Land was polluted, water was polluted and the strong took over the streets of cities. Even primitive people have government, they may not call it that, but they have laws and rules to make living with each other bearable. People who think they can live without government are so unbelievably stupid I am surprised they can tie their shoe laces.Darren JohnsonThe fact that you are a birther shows that you are the true moron.Beaugrand_RTMCBarack Obama has 14 ancestors who fought in the Revolution against the Brits: that’s 14 more than YOU, which automatically makes him “MORE AMERICAN” THAN YOU.glogrrlYou are an idiot and have no brain in your head. There have never been any Muslims as president, and none of them have ever been born in Kenya. Take your crazy somewhere else….maybe go visit the former presidential warmonger draft-dodger and painter in Houston.Janice PushinskyWe have enough idiots, don’t send him to Houston!glogrrlYeah, with the Bushes there, you’re full up.Kelli CrackelI think it’s wonderful that so many intelligent people are steadily debunking “Guest’s” claims with true facts and real sources. I think he/she (I’m unsure of the person’s gender and couldn’t care less) is mainly just a troll looking for attention. This is why I refuse to engage this person directly. Feeding the trolls never helps, although after all this person’s ignorant, flat-out wrong, and often offensive claims I completely understand the desire to set this person straight. I just don’t have the patience to deal directly with stupid people who make claims without one iota of proof to back up their claims. I also can’t deal with someone who is unable to correctly spell ‘Muslim’. If you’re gonna hate an entire group to the point of sound rabidly irrational, maybe you learn to spell that groups name correctly. If you can’t even spell the name of the group you supposedly know so much about, I have to question how much you actually know about said group, aside from rumors from Fox News. Mostly though, if you’re such a coward that you don’t even have the courage to make your idiotic, inflammatory statements under your real name, then I have nothing but contempt and pity for you. Although, I think it’s great that you broke down the exact reason Obama isn’t Kenyan. It rarely occurs to people that Kenya is such a young country, thereby making the birthers’ claim Obama was born in Kenya completely ridiculous and impossible.Jeannette JarrarEncouraging the kind of garbage guest spews is a reminder to all moderates, progressives and people of reason the intellectual level supporting the Tealiban and their ilk, lest we forget come elections.regressive whitetrash GOP scumyou should be ashamed of yourself!! ………..annoying a regressive with facts!!Candice WhiteYou are one stupid jackass.Bill PovseThree out of three wrong comments. Shows what being a birther does to ones brain. Please come join us in 2015.churst714Go away you ignorant troll. Nobody gives a shit what you think about this or anything else.Janice AdamsYou should have spent more time in third grade before you quit school. People have trouble understanding posts with misspelled words and poor grammar.Virginia FournierI don’t think this is a real person. Somebody sold you a bag of crap.glogrrlBTW, learn to spell and construct a coherent sentence……it blows your credibility when you sound like an ignorant redneck.Jason Jermaine SmithExactly, lol.Glenna Jones-KachtikThis is just cruel – but it is FUNNY as hell.frank96740Cut the hair, make it a BLACK MAN and you are talking about Obama… LOL funny how jokes and cartoons meld together…regressive whitetrash GOP scumthis palin?Nineteen11So you see no irony in the fact that you liberal A-holes can be such hypocrites that you attack smart, pretty, successful women in an article attacking “Republicans” for the same thing?Jason Jermaine SmithThere is nothing smart about the palin’s, lol. They’re a family of talentless grifter sock puppets. $i$ter $arah’$ daughter is only “famous” for being an unwed mother. She has no other credentials other than being taught how to be a moppet by her mother.I don’t see irony in it, I see karma.Nineteen11So again, douche-nozzle, you attack women in an article about how it isn’t ok to attack women. But, in your warped liberal brain it is OK because you, in all your untouchable brilliance, have deemed them stupid. Or, is it the fact they are conservative, and pro-gun? Or the truth is that YEARS after they are even relevant to the political scene you libs are still threatened by Sarah Palin. Now THAT has me ROFLMAO. This article also blanketly attacks every women that works for Fox News, but again, that’s ok with you. And your argument about Bristol Palin being an unwed mother? B!tch Please! You’re gang of thugs exhault the unwed mother to a status of modern day folk hero and in fact attack voraciously, anyone who even suggests that maybe a woman should not spreading her legs for every guy that wants in so don’t go try that BS as a lib argument.Jason Jermaine SmithI’m not attacking “women” I’m stating plain facts about the palin’s lol. Conservatives have always had a problem with raging against fact with their opinion. And as far as the women working for fox news, I look at it as stating facts about the house slaves who preferred the status quo of southern slavery because they lived it up while the others worked in the fields so the tokens could live it up. And the huge difference between the unwed mothers that are held up as role models as opposed to the palin’s is that they make their way on their own and aren’t merely famous for getting themselves knocked up. Many women have unplanned pregnancies, they don’t have their mother and a slew of nannies to take the responsibility off their hands for them. If that is what a role model is supposed to be then it really doesn’t surprise me why conservatives glorify idiocy the way they do.Nineteen11I love that you morons pose your dopey opinion as “fact”. Always amusing. So working for Fox News as a woman is akin to enabling slavery? You really are a full on F^cktard.Jason Jermaine SmithFaux nooz and Tea-Qeada are the ‘muricun equivalent to al-Qaeda lol. Same goals, same philosophy, same ignorance, and same stance against education.Nineteen11You’re just butt hurt because you thug lovers lost in Fergusen and New York and will continue to lose every time a cop sends one of your crimal slime buddies to the big ‘Mickie D’s in the sky’.sftravelDear guest…please leave. You are stupid and classless. I wish you could find a productive way to spew your venom, but you probably can’t even hold down a job.JenniferMuzzie? Anything else that comes out of your mouth is trash, simply by that. Your main source of defense is name calling, so I’ll play along with that game and ask you and your anti-equality twat to GTFO. Kthxbye.regressive whitetrash GOP scumyou misspelled Ferguson ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,but we already knew how “edgy-cated” you are; eh jethro?regressive whitetrash GOP scumFOX “news”?? Hmmmmm,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,Darren JohnsonI am pro-2AM, and I find you to be a moron.regressive whitetrash GOP scumwe are not attacking women we are attacking a stupid WOMAN ( see: below photo)regressive whitetrash GOP scumsmart palin?? this gal? shimmering brilliance………….shimmering!!leftocracyBush got into an Ivy league school on a heritage scholarship. But that’s ok because…lawrencewinklerOf course, Chelsea got the benefits of being wealthy, connected, white. From what I also heard from people that know her, is she is “scary smart.” But, there seem to be a lot of people scary smart and brave to boot. Say Malala? Our problem the country and the vast majority of our institutions are run by morons. We don’t like are care for or listen to or consider opinions based on expertise, but opinions of the local or national clown.Though education, real education is available to all in this country, it requires work, and watching Tv, sports, playing video games is too easy, given the society gives everyone everything without having to lift a finger. The republican voter and republican politician are ignorant and proud of it.Lorry Abellet me just say, these guys could not stand anything said about either of old ‘family values’ W.s daughters’ repeated underage Public Intoxication charges, or say any negative crap about any of the hundreds of children born to privilege who never try to better anyone’s life but their own, even to the point of not being able to work in the family business. Chelsea spends her time working at her father’s Global Initiatives- which, even if all she ever did was get coffee for people- is a whole crap load better than the Bush and Koch spawn working at gas companies that have horrible ecological records and threaten us all. as far as a family business goes, saving the world by working together across national and monetary boundaries is a huge step up from just making cash at other people’s expense. Or working your ass off to deny someone’s human rights. so stuff it Republicans, your hypocrisy is showing again. blaming a kid for coming from wealth is pretty ironic coming from the top earners of the entire world.regressive whitetrash GOP scumhi lorry ,,,,,,, allow this: I think U will like it ( ive got tons of these to annoy regressives!!)SophieCTBut she does not just get coffee. She has proved to be remarkably adept at getting massive amounts of volunteers to show up at events AND manage them so that they all accomplish something for their time. No small feat!Nineteen11She probably did more than get coffee. She likely also held daddies cigar when Monica’s hands were full.regressive whitetrash GOP scum^^^^SHEER^^ BRILLIANCE^^^^^ FROM WHITE TRASH GOP^^TROLL^^fbear0143Sour grapes have a way of giving much heartburn. Let us pray that there is an epidemic among conservatives who eagerly partake of these spoiled grapes.2Smart2bGOPYes, as opposed to W’s daughters, who made a game of ditching their Secret Service detail to engage in underage drinking. SUCH paragons of intelligence and virtue.marecek21Even assuming they were correct about Chelsea Clinton, presumably the same would apply to the Bush sons (Dubya and Jeb), or any other child of accomplished parents, such as Mitt Romney. Making baseless, childish and vicious attacks seems to be all they have in their armory.MikeParentUnlike the Bushes and Romneys, the Clintons didn’t come from rich families. Bill didn’t have a silver spoon and Chelsea appears to have paid her dues in regard to education. Haters are going to hate. Rush making fun of an adolescent was just a form of bullying.JimI’ve always liked and respected Chelsea Clinton for how she handled being thrown into the spotlight because of who her parents are. I don’t think that the haters on the right want voters to make the connection that whatever you may personally think of the Clinton’s as politicians they are obviously wonderful parents. I’m not minimizing or forgetting some of the actions of President Clinton. But I’ve always felt the personal problems that faced Bill, Hillary and especially Chelsea Clinton were their business, not mine. And I think it’s evident from where the Clinton’s are today, they were able to work through the difficult times. I can’t think of one tiny thing that Chelsea Clinton ever did to embarrass her parents or as a resident of the White House, the American people. Any of these political commentators or politicians for that matter that take shots at the Presidents children are the worst form of life. Certain politicians and especially rightwing radio dj’s have attacked First Lady Michelle Obama and the Obama family with horrible, ridiculous comments that are so out of bounds it’s ridiculous. If these people want to go after the President go right ahead. He chose to be President and he’s more than capable of taking whatever is thrown at him. But the First Lady and children should be off limits.DavidBeharThat is an ironic complaint from a group that bashes Sarah Palin every day. Sarah is beautiful. Ran a state successfully. is a leader, nominated for he Vice Presidency, and is smarter in a practical sense, not in a book learning sense.MikeParentFyi, Sarah quit as Governor. She couldn’t put a coherent sentence together during her last appearance. Are you seriously comparing the two?regressive whitetrash GOP scumI tear david behars ass apart on all blogs,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,he is a trollBatman in Arkham1) Ran a state into the ground for half a term before she took her toys and went home.2) Quit “leading” when the going got rough.3) Her nomination is now recognized as one of the reasons McCain lost; she would’ve been one heart attack away from being president and that prospect scared the nation shitless.4) She can’t speak in coherent sentences, nor can she name even one newspaper she reads when asked. She didn’t even know what the Vice President actually DOES. She’s utterly stupid in every sense of the word.regressive whitetrash GOP scumallow thisregressive whitetrash GOP scumran FROM a state successfully,,,,,,,,,,,, if Michael Jordan had the bulls up by 5 at halftime and QUIT at halftime,,,,,,,,,,,, what would most peoples opinion of MJ be???Ellis8118We need to start treating these panty-waste far right conservatives the way you would treat a red-faced screaming 4 year old, which is basically what this meme represents. As much as they want it, they aren’t going to get that “toy”. (ie: The White house) We need to learn to ignore them. Let them carry on until they tucker out and they curl up on the floor of Walmart, tears slowly drying on their face, with their thumb in their mouth. They aren’t worthy of ANYBODY’S attention.Crystal AlcairoYou can’t ignore them completely;we have to know what they’re plotting in order to stay one step ahead of them or come 2016 they’ll have control of everything and then God help us all!regressive whitetrash GOP scumI have a photo of a typical white trash regressive GOP voter,,,,,,,,,,,along with his financial “advisor”by the way—remember back to when the Bush girls were rolling drunk on the bar floor in S. America, and how bad we were to point that out? They are so Afraid of Hillary, they are now desperate and shrill in their searches for something to rail against…….Hope she has her birth certificate with the little feeties on it ready……I love that you jackasses try to pose “HillaryClinton’sCrabLice” as somehow the GOP, Republican, or even in any way main stream. Keep your hate going though. It will keep you warm on those lonely nights in mom and dad’s basement.MikeParentSure, vote for the war criminal.BobF50Did I stumble on the IDD sufferers page?Question – How many Intellectual Derelicts does it take to screw in a light bulb?You folks who still believe in this anti-american community divisionist have zero power of reason:)tman418What does your post have to do with the content of the article?Oh and btw you spelled something wrong!Doesn’t matter because your a misogynistic…It’s “you’re” not “your.”And within your extremely long run-on sentence, you wrote:Doesn’t matter because your a… homophobic…same sex loving,How can you be “homophobic” and “same-sex loving?” Those two things are mutually exclusive.non whining oversensitive anti-LIBERAL DEMOCRAT.So you supposedly have these qualities of a “conservative,” yet you are a Democrat and “anti-liberal?”Your sentence makes no sense, and it appears that maybe we aren’t the ones who are “Intellectual Derelicts.”regressive whitetrash GOP scum“YA NEED A SNICKERS THERE”RobertCongratulations Chelsea, for growing up to be too smart, happy, and decent to be bothered by hate mongering fascists like Rush Limbaugh and his sick hateful followers. Keep up the good work you are doing in the world and keep that beautiful smile too!Kurt DepnerDon’t engage the “guest” troll. All this person has to say is insults, ad hominem attacks with no evidence.Rick DerrisSince when do conservatives care if rich people earned their wealth?Funny how they engage in so-called class warfare when it suits their agenda.DavidBeharPretty? No.Perhaps, she had good native intelligence. Now totally gone, after her stints at those treason indoctrination camps. Now a moron.What was the third thing you left wing assholes mentioned?Successful? Only in a celebrity kind of way. No substantive achievement on the horizon.Victor FischettiBetter get used to her because she’s gonna be the First Daughter again.Pete GrillDeficit was 1.2 trillion in 1982, 12 trillion in 2009. It was a nice try, but your only attempt at a factual argument was 1,000% wrong. Maybe you should stick with irrational fear, hatred, paranoia and obscenity.Louis BrunyanskyChrist, these are the same people that foisted W. on us. The guy that got into Yale as a legacy with gentleman’s C’s. Surely, they will, in the interest of proving their own integrity, double back and point that out.;-), ;-),Candice WhiteGet an education stupid.DotInstead they admire the uneducated, single mom, faux celebrity, tailer trash that is Palin’s daughter.PamB1They like their blonds on Fox News, who babble nonsense, then go home and wash their husbands socks and cook his meals like good little dummies.Charles ZuckermanThere is no doubt that she had a leg up because of who here parents were. I too had wealthy educated parents who did there best to afford me every opportunity. However, what is critical is what she did with that opportunity. She excelled, she helped others. Yes privilege exists, but what one does with it is how one should be judged. She deserves all the praise she gets. Others of privilege (Dan Quayle anyone), not so much.VeggieTartDidn’t George W. Bush get into several prestigious universities because of who his parents were? And didn’t he maintain a C average? He never had to work hard for a living either. so these attacks on Chelsea Clinton are not only disgusting but hypocritical as well.LauraThe national debt in 2009 was 1.2 trillion? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You are DUMB.curryeckelhoffShe’s a Democrat–that is all that need be said as to why the Repubs put her down so disgustingly. They do that for any and all Dems that are in the news and especially if they are a threat to a Repub winning a race. Childish BS but that’s because they have nothing else—they are empty suits and there are many who thrive on this constant negativity.Pat GannCharles,I couldn’t stand to read this. Whatever loud vitriol the “wingnuts” put out there, you ought not rebuff them by presenting the facts while interspersing jabs at an entire groups’ intelligence. Wanna attack Rush for what Rush said? Great. Wanna attack the creator of that stupid image for stupidity? Go for it. Heck, even the people who hit “like/share” on the image, call them out too. But *these* statements WORSEN EVERYTHING:— “In essence, she is everything the GOP and their base hates. Beautiful women should wear swimsuits or don mini-skirts and host for Fox News. Intelligent women don’t exist. Successful women are those who marry successful men.” — oh, absolutely. The entire freaking Republican party is the sole source of the glass ceiling. That’s not a cultural problem found left and right, nonono. Only THOSE PEOPLE OVER THERE should be held responsible for bigotry, because it’s all them, and it’s ALL OF THEM. Hmm…— ” They’re allowed to be upset that yet another Democrat is smarter than three-states worth of their base combined” — What? Do you think this is effective use of hyperbole? You’re not winning anyone over with this kind of writing.Setting up strawmen and having left-wing circle jerks about how much more enlightened we are than red-staters is PART OF THE PROBLEM. I wish to high heaven that critiques of stupidity on the Internet would come without stupidity/hatred in turn. It is the left, after all, that continually tempers the right to free speech with the imperative that we *ought not* incite anger/offense when it’s avoidable. Isn’t that what Jon Stewart tried to show us when he called out Olbermann for being a little too gung-ho in his attacks?miketothadzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzPat Gannyou’re right. Common courtesy, decency, and nuance are all so boring. Shouting feels so much better!regressive whitetrash GOP scumwhen dealing with internet GOP lemmings we find that reprehensible dialogue towards them is usually the only thing of value as most of the rightwing trash are not marinated in facts. ,,,,,,and olbermann had FOX “news” –especially oreilly and Hannity and palinn– quivering with fearPat Gannwhat is this hardline false-dichotomy you live in? Even if you think you’re talking to “internet GOP lemmings,” your readerbase will include a variety of people: those who strongly disagree, vehemently so, irrationally, so, yes. And those who agree, and rah rah woo woo for the good liberal guys!And then a whole ton of people who don’t fit either category. Self included. And I look at both sides and go “your mud-slinging is counter-productive; even in opinion pieces, please try to write without the self-righteous garbage.”A tip of the hat to you.regressive whitetrash GOP scumI must be gaining alzheimers: I couldn’t make sense of what U just wroteJamie QuinonesAnd this from a party that produces the likes of Bushies and Quayles. Like I’ve always said the repubs just do not understand the concept of irony. And when they do satire they just don’t realize it.maintmech2We have heard so much hatred from the left for Sarah Palin and for Michelle Bachmann, Elizabeth Hasselback, Ann Coulter, and don’t forget all the hatred that was spewed about President George W. Bush every single day for 8 years. And you’re worried about what some people think about Chelsea Clinton? Get a life.maintmech2ahhh…the love! An article about how the GOP hates Chelsea Clinton, so they say all kinds of hateful things about other people in the comments. I love the tolerance! We heard hatred spewed every day for George Bush, we heard all kinds of hatred for Sarah Palin, but the loving, tolerant left get upset about people not liking Chelsea Clinton. But they are such loving, tolerant wonderful people.Georgia Woolett-RoyAll your name calling mr. guest negates anything you have saidfrank96740We all like humor, thanks for sharing it with us. Reading through this blog with all the left wing nuts trying to justify their welfare checks and dimwit opinions, was a fun time. As for Chelsea, she seems like a pretty neat young woman but STILL is the PRODUCT of her lying, cheating, stealing demonic parents. One can only hope that even after riding their ‘coat tails’ she will develop into someone with more common sense & integrity than her parents or the left wing dimwits here kissing her butt.regressive whitetrash GOP scumperhaps the bush clan is more patriotic ?regressive whitetrash GOP scumnow THIS ( see: below) is pretty Marilyn lange– best looking woman E..V..E..R..