Ibe had only started one league game for Liverpool before the game at Goodison Park, and he was a surprise inclusion at right wing-back ahead of Lazar Markovic. The 19-year-old didn’t seem daunted by the occasion at all, and he was very lively throughout the 0-0 draw, and his rasping drive that hit the post in the first-half was the closest either side came to breaking the deadlock.Ibe’s heat map against EvertonCarragher spent his entire playing career at Anfield, and he made almost 750 appearances for the club in all competitions. He was very impressed with Ibe’s display against Everton, but he also credited Rodgers for having the conviction to play him in such a big match.Writing on Kicca, Carragher said: “A big well done to Jordan Ibe today but more importantly to Brendan Rodgers for being brave enough to play him in such a big game & Alex Inglerhorpe & the rest of the academy staff for the help in his development. People talk about giving youngsters a chance but few do; you can never throw that at Brendan Rodgers.”He was also quick to alert his fellow Sky Sports pundit and England coach Gary Neville to Ibe’s impressive display, joking that he could help the national team to win a game at Euro 2016 after a disappointing World Cup campaign.,@GNev2 Gary Lfc look like they may be providing you with another player then hopefully we may win a game at the Euros!Ibe spent the first-half of the current campaign on loan at Derby, helping the Championship club in their bid to secure promotion to the top flight. He scored five goals and registered one assist in 20 league appearances for Steve McClaren’s side before being recalled last month.Related ArticlesDaniel AnwarCommentsPlease consult these rules when commenting. These rules outline what is acceptable and unacceptable content on Squawka News. Note that these rules are subject to change at any time. Just like football.LanguageDon't use swear words or profanity of any sort. Please refrain from insulting other users, everyone is entitled to their opinion and just because you shout the loudest, doesn't make you more correct or valid in your point of view. All insulting or offensive comments will be immediately removed.No libel or other abuseAt no point should you be making comments which are:defamatory, false or misleading;insulting, threatening or abusive;obscene or of a sexual nature;offensive, racist, sexist, homophobic or discriminatory against any religions or other groups.We have an absolute zero tolerance policy on this. Football is the world's language.Report abuseIf you see a comment not adhering to rules 1 & 2 please email [email protected] and this comment will be reviewed by a member of the Squawka editorial team.No third party promotionThis comment section is here to let football fans talk about football, not to allow people to sell or push products. Any comment found peddling a third party will be immediately reviewed.No linking or copyright infringementYou must not insert links to websites or submit content which would be an infringement of copyright.Play the game/Respect the gamePlease respect these rules when commenting on Squawka News; people will disagree from time to time but please try to see each other's point of view before getting all worked up, that helps no one.Carra was only saying the other week that Can wasn’t a defender. I wonder if he still thinks that after that majestic performance yesterday. Lets see how brave Rodgers is after we see Tuesday’s selection. Because yesterday he made one or two which was quite frankly, pathetic.