Latest NewsRecent NewsRicky Rubio had successful diagnostic arthroscopic surgery on his left ankle on Monday.He is expected to make a full recovery this summer. Rubio's left ankle was the main reason he played just 22 games this season, but the Wolves probably shouldn't have played him as much as they did following his return. He'll be ready to go for training camp. Apr 13 - 8:06 PMFlip Saunders and the Timberwolves do not know "how minor or major" Ricky Rubio's upcoming ankle surgery is, but the procedure is expected to "clean up" tissue around the ankle.This is going from bad to worse in a short period. Rubio could barely stay on the court after sustaining a severe ankle sprain earlier in the season, and now the team nor the player has any idea what they're actually facing. If something more significant is discovered than anticipated, Rubio could be looking at extended time on the sidelines. We won't know more until he has the surgery, but this is a situation to monitor. Apr 13 - 9:14 AMRicky Rubio will have arthroscopic surgery on his left ankle early next week.The surgery is just being called a "minor cleanup" for Rubio, but it is "highly unlikely" he will play for Spain in the European championships this summer. Rubio said earlier this month that he had a little too much activity and that his main goal is to stay healthy. He'll be ready to go next season as a mid-round pick. Apr 11 - 7:46 PMRicky Rubio (ankle) said he hasn't committed to joining the Spanish national team this summer and that his priority is to stay healthy."In four years, I have one good season, an 82-game season," Rubio said. He only played 22 games this season and won't play again this year. Rubio will be a mid-round pick with some extra risk due to a couple severe injuries in the last three seasons. Apr 6 - 2:33 PMDepth ChartsRicky Rubio had successful diagnostic arthroscopic surgery on his left ankle on Monday.He is expected to make a full recovery this summer. Rubio's left ankle was the main reason he played just 22 games this season, but the Wolves probably shouldn't have played him as much as they did following his return. He'll be ready to go for training camp.Getting traded to Minnesota ruined his fantasy value this season, and it's pretty obvious that he isn't a huge part of their plans moving forward. Chase Budinger is doubtful tonight while Kevin Martin is questionable, meaning Lorenzo Brown and Robbie Hummel could see a lot of action.Shabazz Muhammad had surgery to repair a ruptured ligament in his middle finger.He will miss the rest of the season and the Wolves currently do not have a healthy backup small forward behind Andrew Wiggins besides Glenn Robinson III. Muhammad made some nice strides this season, but he's going to have a tough time gaining value in standard leagues with his lack of diversity on the stat sheet.Gorgui Dieng (concussion), Kevin Garnett (knee) and Gary Neal (ankle) will not play on Wednesday.The Wolves' injury report has been a nightmare since the All-Star break, and they clearly don't like playing guys at less than 100 percent. Dieng had a nice season with averages of 9.7 points, 8.3 boards, 2.0 assists, 1.7 blocks and 1.0 steal, and the concerns over Nikola Pekovic's durability should make him a nice target in fantasy drafts next season. Justin Hamilton and Adreian Payne will be playing heavy minutes vs. the Thunder tonight.Wolves head coach and president Flip Saunders said he expects Kevin Garnett to return for the 2015-16 season.KG is set to become a free agent on July 1, but Saunders expects the veteran to remain in Minnesota for his 20th NBA season. While it's a bit of a surprise to see the 38-year-old planning to return for another season, he is likely to transition to a front office or ownership role with the Timberwolves so it makes sense for him to remain with the team. If Garnett does indeed return for another season, he's more or less off the fantasy radar as he's too unreliable to depend on outside of the deepest of leagues.Nikola Pekovic (Achilles) will miss at least six months after undergoing surgery on his right Achilles tendon.A timetable of six months would put Pekovic out until mid-October, so there's a decent chance he may not be ready for the start of the 2015-16 season. We'll monitor Pek's status closely, but it sounds like Gorgui Dieng will have a more prominent role next season as the plan is to limit Pekovic's minutes even when he's healthy. With his prolonged timetable and upcoming minutes limit, Pekovic's fantasy will be limited to deeper leagues if this current news holds.Justin Hamilton (hamstring) is not in the Timberwolves' starting lineup on Wednesday and his status is unclear.Arinze Onuaku is starting at center and the fact that Hamilton isn't starting suggests he won't play. Minnesota may be leery of aggravating his injury in a meaningless game, and the availability of Anthony Bennett gives them at least a shred of frontcourt depth. Hamilton was listed as probable for this game, so unfortunately the Wolves may burn fantasy owners one last time.