TUCSON, Ariz. – The 36 ranked Arizona women’s tennis team won their third straight match on Sunday as they defeated Sacramento State 7-0. This marks the third straight match in which the Wildcats have swept their opponent.“This was a great match from our team,” head coach Vicky Maes said. “We set the tone early in doubles and kept our momentum. I was happy with everyone’s effort and felt we played patient and smart. Our progress is visible and we feel good going into next week.”The Wildcats dominated from the start as Lauren Marker and Inge Hendrikx defeated Soltanici/Bulatovatie 6-1 in the doubles portion of the match. The duo started off down 1-0, but came storming back and won six straight points to put it away. Briar Preston and Shayne Austin followed suit as they defeated Ong/Boija 6-1 as well, which clinched the doubles point for the Wildcats. Laura Oldham and Devin Chypyha’s match went unfinished, but they were winning 5-2.Singles was the same story for Arizona. Marker defeated 51st ranked Alina Soltanici in straight sets 6-0, 6-2. Her victory today is Marker’s fifth win in a row and eighth win in her last 10 matches dating back to the fall season. Preston continued her impressive start as well as she won her match against Anna-Maria Nau in straight sets 6-1, 6-1. Preston has won all three of her dual matches at the number two spot this year and has won six of her eight singles matches including the fall. Oldham’s match did not lack any drama today. After dropping her first set 7-5, she won her second set 6-4 and won the tiebreaker 10-6. She rattled off six straight points in the tiebreaker after falling behind 4-2. Oldham has also gotten off to a good start this year as she has gone 8-1 in her last nine matches.Austin defeated Olivia Boija 6-2, 6-4 for her second straight win. Hendrikx clinched the match for the Wildcats after winning her match 6-3, 6-1. Hendrikx has won her last three matches and is 10-4 overall this year. Chypyha rounded things out after she won her match due to her opponent retiring. The two had split the first two sets.The Wildcats are back in action against BYU on Friday, Feb. 13 at 1:30 p.m. at LaNelle Robson Tennis Center.FOLLOW THE WILDCATS!Fans can keep up with the latest in Arizona athletics by following us on Facebook (Facebook.com/ArizonaAthletics), Twitter (@AZATHLETICS), Instagram (azathletics) and YouTube.com (Youtube.com/ArizonaAthletics). In addition, the women's tennis team has established its own official Facebook (Facebook.com/ArizonaWomensTennis), Twitter (@ArizonaWTennis), and Instagram (ArizonaWTennis) accounts.