The Lot: ChaptersArchivesFairy Tale: Chapter Eleven – The Man in the GrassThe tunnel performed as promised, and in a short while, Alice found herself on the other side of the mountain, looking out at a wide plain of waving grass. She paused at the mouth of the cave, and Dog dropped to his haunches and scratched at a stubborn spot behind his ear. She reached down and absently scratched his head.Above, the sky was blue, thin tufts of white clouds gliding by. Though there was no sun, the clouds still left shadows on the plain, turning the bright green grasses a shade darker for a moment, like a hand passed over the eyes. Alice squinted in the light, and in the distance, could make out what looked like a formation of glass and steel and stone. Just a little way ahead, the grass parted, and a mean dirt track meandered its way across the plain.She took a deep breath, and smelled lilac and honeysuckle, and the earthy smell of rich loam and chaff baking in the sun. Dog stood, and began to pace away, pausing a few feet off to look at her. She sighed.“Pushy, aren’t you?” She said, a smile teasing her lips. She followed.As they walked, the grasses rose to her hips on both sides, their heavy heads waving in the breeze that blew across the plain. She stuck out a hand and felt their bodies, rough on one side, smooth on the other, when they turned under her palm. She closed her hand every now and then, stripping the heads from a few stalks, the seeds coming off, chaff clinging to her palm as she opened her fist and scattered the pods.The road was little more than two shallow ruts cut into the red clay. Grass grew between the ruts, though it was short and stunted, and weeded through with clover and dandelions. In the distance, she thought she could occasionally hear a whistle.“Do you think this is Heaven?” She asked Dog, as he paced just ahead of her. He didn’t answer.Dog chuffed, maybe in agreement. Maybe in disagreement. She couldn’t be sure. He was a dog, after all.“I don’t think it’s Hell. I wasn’t old enough to really sin. Not that I remember much of it. I remember I stole a candy bar from the dollar store, and I once spat in Susie Frobisher’s hair, but she was mean, and…” A memory threatened to flutter to the surface, like a dying fish breaking the waves, and she trailed off.“Anyways, I don’t think it’s Heaven either. No angels, no choir, no St. Peter. Just a couple of crazy men, an old man with a boat, and a dog so far.”Dog chuffed again, and she fell back to silence. In the distance still, but closer than before, that silhouette of a city loomed. The whistle blew again, and Alice thought of trains. The sound faded into the distance, and under it, just faintly, she could hear what sounded like someone holding a one-sided conversation. The words came to her on the wind, and she strained to hear them, halting in place and catching them like tatters of cotton on a breeze.Frowning to herself, Alice stepped into the grass, and walked toward the source of the sound, feeling the warm stalks pressing against her thighs and hips. Further into the field, the grass rose as high as her head, and for a moment, she had the memory of rows of corn crowding her on all sides, a field of green and gold that seemed to stretch to the sea. She pushed on, and the grass parted easily for her. The voice grew louder.“We’ve got time. Of course, I’ll see you tomorrow, and the next day. I love our visits.”Another few steps and the grass fell away. It had been flattened down in a large circle, and in the center, a man with a shock of white hair sat next to two figures on a classic red and white checkered picnic blanket. There was a basket to the side, the top open, and a tea set lay out on a tray in the middle of the blanket. The group was all holding cups, and the small figure she had spotted appeared to be chewing on a pastry. Behind them stood a door, its red paint blistered and cracked and peeling. The knob had come off, and Alice could see light playing through the hole.Somewhere in the near distance, back by the road, Dog barked, once, a sharp and harsh sound in the quiet of the field. The group in front of her looked up. The man looked at her with a smile, and then bent over the picnic basket, rummaging inside. The other two Alice really noticed for the first time, and gooseflesh rose on her arms.They were made of pink flesh, or so she assumed, though it was flesh devoid of features. No sex lay between their legs; no scars or freckles or birthmarks marred the expanse of skin. Their faces were blank as well, featureless ovals under hairless heads. Even as their heads swiveled to look at her though, she caught sight of pale translucent forms that flitted in and out of the flesh, like an image trying to escape a photograph.The tall one had long hair that fell past her shoulders, and her features were soft and gentle. There was a suggestion of a curve to her chest and hips that implied she had been healthy, and quite attractive at one time. The smaller one looked like a boy a few years younger than herself, with a mop of hair and piercing, intelligent eyes.The man sitting with them looked up and smiled again. He was holding a teacup, and gestured with it.“Ah, yes. Monica, Cameron – meet, er…”“Alice.”“Yes, Alice. Tea?” He held the cup out to her.She wasn’t sure why she didn’t run screaming. Maybe being dead numbed fear. Maybe it was the feeling she had that anyone having a picnic wasn’t all that bad. Still, she thought she might not drink the tea. She shook her head.“No sir. Thank you.” She put on what she hoped was her nicest smile.The man’s face dropped for a minute, and something passed over his features. It was enough to make Alice’s heart quake. It looked like pure rage. Rage that could burn the world. Then it was gone, and he smiled again, shrugged, and tossed the cup back into the basket. Dog barked again, and a crease appeared between the man’s eyes.“Is that…your dog?” He asked.Alice glanced back over her shoulder, then back at the man. “No more than I’m his huma – er, ghos – whatever. I’m sorry, what’s your name?”His head was turned, and he was addressing Monica.“No. No, she doesn’t get that. I think she doesn’t know. Well yes, I gave her your names, but that’s different. You’re different.”He paused for a moment, and seemed to be listening, then went on.“I don’t want to. Why should I? Of course. They said. The sisters, they said. Damn them.” Rage crossed his face again, and Alice thought of how terrible it would be to have it directed at her. “Yes, yes. Of course. You too.”He turned back to Alice, and there was gravity in his face that hadn’t been there before.“You can call me Zee.”He leaned in and planted a kiss on Monica and Cameron, then began to pack the tea set away. Monica and Cameron, as though an understanding had been reached among the three of them, stood and turned and walked slowly into the grass until it obscured them from view. When they were gone, Zee stood, his basket neatly packed again, and began to walk back the way Alice had come. Dog barked again, and that crease came back to Zee’s face. He paused and looked back at Alice.“What did you name him?”“Who?” She asked, momentarily confused.“The dog.”“Oh.” She shrugged. “Dog.”“Hm.”He continued walking, and she hurried to catch up.“I don’t want to go, you know.”“Go?”“With you. You’re young and naive and not that special. You’re pulling me from my family.”“I don’t remember asking you.”“You don’t have a choice. The sisters asked, and I agreed.”“Why, if you dislike me?”“They did me a favor. I owe them.”After that, they walked on in silence, Alice quietly fuming. She hated the idea that she was helpless. She hated even more not knowing what was going on, or why someone seemed to be pulling strings all around her.They came to the road again, and Dog let out a warning bark. His front end low and hackles raised, he growled at Zee from the middle of the road. Zee stopped, his eyes flicking to the side.“Good doggie. Dog, right?”Alice nodded. A thought occurred to her. “Why shouldn’t I let him eat you right here?”“I taste terrible. Also, I’m trying to help.”There was a pit of unease in Alice’s stomach. She wasn’t sure how she felt about Dog disliking someone. He’d even liked the crazy old man in the valley. What was it about this one?“Dog? Is this a bad man?”Dog growled again, and seemed to consider Zee, who was still frozen in place.“Dog?”After a moment, he chuffed, and seemed to come to a decision. He laid in the dirt, and waited for Alice to come to him. She walked over and rubbed his head, and he wagged his tail. Zee followed. He stooped to pet Dog’s head, and the dog snapped at him, teeth scant inches from tearing into flesh. He pulled his hand back and smiled a sickly smile.“Fine, yes, let’s agree to be companionable, though, shall we?”Dog chuffed again.Alice watched the whole thing with a sense of satisfaction. She wasn’t used to not being liked, and something, maybe just a sparkle of smug satisfaction warmed her heart for a moment, before she felt bad for being petty. She swallowed her feelings about Zee, and patted him on the shoulder.“He just needs to get to know you.”“Sure. Of course.”He took a breath, and with a second glance at Dog, seemed to recover. “Shall we, then?”