Best New Artist Nominees Bastille Are Ready to Mug Sam SmithThe English rock band Bastille earned their Best New Artist Grammy nomination on the strength of their massive hit "Pompeii." However, in a highly competitive pool of contenders that includes Iggy Azalea, Haim, Brandy Clark and the expected winner, Sam Smith, even they are not expecting to win tonight.In a quick interview before the band took the stage at Nielsen's Grammys party at Hyde in Los Angeles, the band gave Billboard plenty of witty reasons to root for them, anyway. No offense to any of the other nominees but, after chatting with Bastille, we have little doubt they'd give the funniest acceptance speech of the night.How are you getting ready for tomorrow?Kyle Simmons: We're off being self-obsessed with the Grammys tomorrow.What are you doing at the Grammys tomorrow?Chris "Woody" Wood: Attending, losing, leaving and getting drunk.Dan Smith: And maybe robbing Sam Smith later in the evening of a Grammy, we'll see.What are you nominated for?Wood: Best Solo Female.Will Farquarson: Best Solo Female Latin Performance.Smith: We are nominated for Best New Artist, which is cool and completely unexpected. And then we have a song called "Pompeii" and this guy Audien did a remix of it and that is nominated for Best Remix, which is very cool for him, and if he wins we will bask in his reflective glory.If he wins will you jump on stage with him?Simmons: Fuck yeah, I'm elbowing him right out of the way.Smith: We met him the other day, he is a really nice guy.If you win Best Solo Female, I want to see you elbow Beyoncé out of the way.Wood: Some of us have class, so I wouldn't do that.So no getting up there and interrupting?Smith: Have you seen her security? We'd get murdered on live TV.Farquarson: It's not murder if it's Beyoncé's self-defense.Is this your first Grammys?Wood: Yes.So is this your first major Grammys party?Simmons: Yes, should we be invited to more? Are we unpopular?Wood: We're men of very simple taste, generally In-N-Out Burger.Does it inspire you to be around all this talent?Smith: It's exciting to be around all that. As far as inspiration, we never set out to try and rub shoulders with said people, and we don't do a very good job of it either.Wood: I think for us, it will be an amazing show. It's great to see the greats – young, old and new. Collaborating will be fun.If you were going to give your big break to someone, who would you give it to?Wood: There's this band from our side of the world called the Rolling Stones. I'm a big fan; they'll go far.What will be the song that breaks this band you speak of?Wood: I could see "Satisfaction" smashing up the alternative world at least, maybe not pop.What does the nomination mean for you?Smith: I think the thing is, we are obviously totally insignificant and things like tomorrow are a nice reminder of that in my mind.What was the response, then, when you found out you were in one of the major categories?Smith: Fuck knows, we just were not expecting it because none of our music is eligible this year, 'cause our album was out last year. It literally didn't even occur to me that we'd somehow get snuck in and so, when I was on my computer in a songwriting session with my friend and the desktop popped up, "#@AlanisMorissette is happy to announce that you've been nominated for a Grammy," I was just like, "What the fuck? That is totally mad." Obviously it's really crazy and exciting. We're realists and pessimists, so we will be leaving tomorrow with nothing but a preemptive hangover.