A Warrior's FeastWe are proud to announce that UnitedHealthcare Community Plan is a Platinum Sponsor of the Warrior's Feast! Make sure that you visit them at uhccommunityplan.com.We thank Lupus Warriors, Beverly and LaWanna, for organizing this dynamic Lupus Luncheon for us! So grab your loved ones and join us for a delightful afternoon! Purchase your ticket by clicking here.Rock Out For LupusLupus Warrior Robin's friends and family are hosting this event in her honor and raising money for Lupus Detroit! Please come out and support on June 13th!Disability Attorney Reads Warriors Their RightsMany thanks to everyone that made Saturday's Lupus Detroit Support Group Meeting a success. Attorney Traci Richards was awesome as she explained how the SSI/Disability process works. So excited because we met 5 new family members (Five new Lupus Warriors attended the meeting.). It was a great day for learning and fellowship.February's Warrior Meeting A SuccessFebruary's Lupus Warrior Support Group Meeting was outstanding! We had 6 new awesome folks that joined us! Woo-hoo! Everyone was having such a great time that the meeting went beyond our two hour time block. Great information was shared as members "checked in" and shared what was on their hearts. Topics ranged from medications, to how lupus affects relationships to nutrition. It was truly an enlightening day.Lupus Detroit Welcomes Two New Board MembersLupus Detroit (LD) would like to welcome two very familiar faces to its Board of Directors, Valaria Harris Carter and Darius Mitchell. Valaria has been involved with LD since its inception and was formerly a member of the Advisory Board. She has since made the transition to Board Member and we are so glad to have her! Darius is the reason why LD has so many Facebook "likes". He takes pride in making sure that LD is visible in the community. So much so that Lupus Detroit is now on Instagram!! Check us out: wHe will serve primarily in the role of marketing and event planning. Say a prayer for him because he is the only male member on a Board full of women!! He is also a member of The Refinement Group. We are so happy to have them both. They will continue to serve the lupus community well.It's a New Year and We're Glad About It!Lupus Detroit kicked off its 2015 Lupus Warrior Support Group Meetings with a visit from Dr. Shakil Khan. He offered us vital information about the Healthcare Exchange and how it benefits (and affects) Lupus Warriors. Meetings are held the fourth Saturday of each month at Noon. Please visit the "what's happening" tab for topics and locations.Remember us when you shop! When you shop at AmazonSmile, Amazon donates 0.5% of the purchase price to Lupus Detroit. Bookmark the link http://smile.amazon.com/ch/45-4300694 and support us every time you shop. If you aren't an Amazon shopper, please consider an end of the year donation to Lupus Detroit by clicking the "donate" button in the upper right hand corner on this page. All donations are tax-deductible. Michigan Lupus Warriors appreciate your generosity.Missed the Holiday Gathering? You Missed a Treat!The American Bistro 1917 hosted Lupus Detroit's friends for its end of the year holiday gathering. Guests were treated to delicious entrees, teas and smoothies! The ambiance was awesome as everyone settled in and felt right at home. It was a great afternoon of fellowship and laughter. We can't wait to do it next year!2014 Lupus Fundraising Walk for Warriors Was AWESOME! Over $16,000 raised due to dynamic supporters like you!Have You Met Our New Spokeswoman?Meet Lupus Detroit's Spokeswoman, Grammy Winning Songstress Jacky Clark-Chisholm. Ms. Jacky is one fourth of the powerhouse gospel group, The Clark Sisters! Follow her Twitter @JackyFide. We are so happy to have her with us!Lupus Warriors Live Glamorous Life at Glam DayLupus Detroit teamed up with Women Who Inspire for the 2nd Annual Cancer and Lupus Glam Day Event. It was a beautiful day of makeovers, fun and fellowship for everyone involved! Special thanks to former Miss USA (and Detroit native and Cass Tech grad), Carole Gist, for offering inspiring words at the event. Extra special thanks Chelle Clemmon ofThe Portrait Library for capturing the memories! Click here to see more of the makeovers!Lupus Warrior, Nikki, Bianca Golden of America's Next Top Model and Lupus Detroit's President, Sharon, throw up their Ls for Lupus at the Walk for Fashion Show!Vision Boards and Love BagsMay's Lupus Warrior Support Group meeting was outstanding. Ladies were treated to delicious pizza as they created vision boards. The women envisioned themselves in optimal health, on yachts in Tahiti and debt free. Most importantly, they saw themselves assisting other people along their lupus journey. It was a beautiful afternoon had by all! Tiffany Dobbins (below left) and her Mother, Lupus Warrior, Timolin Mitchell, gave Love Bags to those that were in attendance at May's meeting. In the bags were thoughtful gifts including tea and hand-written notes! We thank you ladies for thinking of us!A Great Time Had By All At Buffalo Wild WingsOn Monday, April 14th, O.E.S Beatrice Grant #242, hosted a fundraiser on Lupus Detroit's behalf at the Buffalo Wild Wings in Ferndale, Michigan. The event was complete with awesome giveaways and prizes for a "Best Jeans" contest. The gathering not only raised much needed funds but also promoted the awareness of lupus. Kudos to everyone involved.Lupus Warriors Get Fabulous With Francyne WalkerFrancyne Walker supports group members.During March's Lupus Warrior Support Group Meeting,Personal Trainer, Francyne Walker, shared tips on remaining fit and fabulous when coping with lupus. Francyne Walker, author of "Fit & Fab for Life, 50 Motivational Tips To Help You Get Fit & Be Fabulous for Life" shared tips on how to remain fabulous when coping with lupus. She offered low impact exercise demonstrations that can be done from the comfort of home. We loved Francyne's dynamic energy and attentiveness to the physical limits of Lupus Warriors. For more information about Francyne, please visit her website: www.FrancyneWalker.com.Lupus Detroit was hosted by Karla Mitchell of Exhalation Integrative Wellness located in Detroit. Karla is the owner of the Wellness Center and is also a Certified Natural Health Professional. She offered the group tips about how to engage the mind, body, and spirit to make for a better and more productive individual. It is Karla's goal goal to see that we are all seamlessly balance our personal, professional and social lives.To learn more about the Wellness Center's services, please visit www.exhalationintegrativewellness.com.Dr. Moten "Blooms" Lupus Warriors and FriendsLupus Detroit held its first Warrior Support Group Meeting on Saturday, January 25th at Great Lakes Coffee in Detroit. Life Coach and Clinical Psychologist, Dr. Rose Moten, offered excellent tips on how to douse depression from her new book, "Bloom: 7 Steps to Personal Transformation" now available at www.amazon.com. To learn more about Dr. Moten, please visit www.drrosemoten.com. She is amazing and will bless your life! For upcoming meetings, visit the "what's happening" page.Lupus Detroitis a 501(c) (3) charity that is a community based, voluntary health organization dedicated to eliminating lupus as a major health problem through education, advocacy, and service. We have assembled a hard-working and dedicated group of empathetic professionals who look forward to being of service. Click herefor more about Lupus Detroit.Katrina Studvent, Lupus Warrior Support Group Facilitator, helps with a demonstration.Wonderful ladies braved the elements to attend Lupus Detroit's first Warrior Support Group Meeting.Our Promise:Lupus Detroit believes that no Lupus Warrior should have to decide between purchasing their medication and buying food for their families. We realize that everyone needs assistance from time to time. However, please understand that we can not assist everyone but we do want to lend a helping hand. Why do we feel that we are qualified to make a difference? Lupus Detroit’s President, Sharon L. Harris, who is also a Lupus Warrior, has a proven track record of working hard on behalf of those with lupus.