After the Packers lost to the Seahawks in the NFC Championship game, head coach Mike McCarthy said he was unaware that linebacker Clay Matthews was dealing with an injury in the second half of the game because he was focused on calling the plays for the offense.McCarthy may not have that issue to deal with again in 2015. Chris Havel of WDUZ in Green Bay is reporting that the Packers will promote offensive coordinator Tom Clements to associate head coach and give him the play calling responsibilities while also moving Edgar Bennett from wide receivers coach to offensive coordinator.No other Packers reporters have confirmed that report, but Tyler Dunne and Tom Silverstein of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Rob Demovsky of ESPN.com and Jason Wilde of ESPN Wisconsin all report some variation on the theme of the Packers considering changes to the responsibilities of the offensive staff.Silverstein reports the goal is greater “team oversight,” something that became a concern when the team “lost its way” in that title game loss to the Seahawks. In the past, McCarthy has said he’s willing to make a change with play calling “if I felt we would be better served to have someone else call the plays.”The Packers haven’t reached that point in the past, but it sounds like 2015 could bring a new approach on the sideline in Green Bay.This is huge if true. For several reasons but lets take a breathe here – if the game play is dictated by MM and he is telling the O coordinator what to do, then its not only a waste of time, its a communication fiasco – too many chefs in the kitchen phenon.What I’m getting at is Mike, runs one running back, Lacy. The others come in to give him a breather. Big opportunities are being missed by not mixing it up more like the Pats. They throw a power back at you, a speed, back and a guy who is in between and defenses have to prepare for that. Mike has a simple and easy to defend system, Lacy left, Lacy right. Thus field goals instead of touchdowns as Lacy gets stopped.If the O coordinator is forced to operate to the beat of that drum. its disasater waiting to happen.FinFan68 says:Feb 8, 2015 4:59 PMIMHO, the head coach has too much to worry about during the game to be the guy responsible for calling the plays. I think he should interject when necessary for strategic reasons but leave the actual calls to someone with nothing else to think about during the game. I also believe that guy should be standing on the sidelines rather than detached from the feel of the game up in the booth.The Packers, as well as the Bears and Lions, will be needing many changes over the next decade. For Zimmer and Teddy are taking over the North with an iron fist. I’m not even joking. Give Zimmer 2 more draft/FA sessions to stack the D and protect Teddy, this is going to be a very tough team .The cheeseheads gotta find new and creative ways to meltdown in the post season.lol at you.SKOLpackerfansarefat says:Feb 8, 2015 5:02 PMJust say’n Packer fans…..they might be overreacting a bit to that game.Keep overthinking it!!natchamps73 says:Feb 8, 2015 5:04 PMShould have switched to Clements as the play caller years ago!floratiotime says:Feb 8, 2015 5:07 PMHorse … barn … left.rjf15110 says:Feb 8, 2015 5:15 PMReading all the comments it seems a lot of posters do not know how similar the packers and vikings are. So when you vikings trolls and packers trolls degrade the other team just remember your team has been there and probably will again. I put together these numbers for everyone to argue over. GB had a span of 21 years when they went over .500 twice. MN longest span losing record span was 3 years GB has taken advantage when they had good teams winning the SB 4 times in this span. MN has not.During that time GB had a better record 25 times. MN 24 times. Tied 5 times. 60’s GB had a better record 6 times with 1 tie 70’s MN had a better record 9 times 80’s each had 4 with 2 ties 90’s MN had a better record 5 times with 2 ties 00’s GB had a better record 6 times 10’s has been GB’s half decade so far with 5The cycle is turning again MN is on it’s way up and can GB keep it up?Viking fans on here are ridiculous. I get wanting to be optimistic about your teams upcoming season but you guys act and talk like Minnesota is well on their way to being a Super Bowl team with Bridgewater as your QB. You gotta be a playoff team before you can be a Super Bowl team and I don’t see that happening. Zimmer is a great DC ill admit that and IMO their D will improve with Zimmer but as long as Bridgwater is QB their offense will remain a joke and not even Norv Turner can fix that.rjf15110 says: Feb 8, 2015 5:15 PM Reading all the comments it seems a lot of posters do not know how similar the packers and vikings are. So when you vikings trolls and packers trolls degrade the other team just remember your team has been there and probably will again. I put together these numbers for everyone to argue over. GB had a span of 21 years when they went over .500 twice. MN longest span losing record span was 3 years GB has taken advantage when they had good teams winning the SB 4 times in this span. MN has not.During that time GB had a better record 25 times. MN 24 times. Tied 5 times. 60’s GB had a better record 6 times with 1 tie 70’s MN had a better record 9 times 80’s each had 4 with 2 ties 90’s MN had a better record 5 times with 2 ties 00’s GB had a better record 6 times 10’s has been GB’s half decade so far with 5The cycle is turning again MN is on it’s way up and can GB keep it up?_____________________________________I will make this real simple for you. See below:NFC Championships (Division titles are great and all, but don’t really mean much when referring to Championships)Everyone knows deep down that the Packers and Bears have the oldest and BEST rivalry in the NFL and possibly American sports. (If someone chimes in says its Steelers vs. Ravens, that is the most laughable piece of trash ever stated on Earth)Give it up with this Green Bay vs. Minnesota comparison because there is none. Green Bay owns Minnesota and always will.Playcalling is about the only thing McCarthy does right. It would make more sense to bring in someone who decides when to use timeouts around the 2 minute warning, when to go for it on 4th and goal from the 1, and when to challenge plays. Let McCarthy stick to the only thing he is capable of doing as an NFL head coach.linemanguy74 says:Feb 8, 2015 5:32 PMWhy was he surprised that Matthews was on sideline when game was on line???stellarperformance says:Feb 8, 2015 5:33 PMpervyspankspackfans says: Feb 8, 2015 5:01 PM The Packers, as well as the Bears and Lions, will be needing many changes over the next decade. For Zimmer and Teddy are taking over the North with an iron fist. I’m not even joking. Give Zimmer 2 more draft/FA sessions to stack the D and protect Teddy, this is going to be a very tough team . ////////////////////////////////////////////Well, if you’re not joking, then it must be true. Thanks for the clarity.Now on the defensive side maybe get rid of Capers and bring back Kevin Greene as your DC. He’d light a match under that whole defense.stellarperformance says:Feb 8, 2015 5:34 PMAnother Packer thread……another day worth living for the Viking trolls.packmanfan says:Feb 8, 2015 5:35 PMThe only change I want to see is the Packers playing to win instead of playing not to lose. Don’t take the foot off the gas and put it on the brake. Don’t be afraid to be labeled or called “Not classy” and run up the freaking score and shove that ball down the opponents throats. If McJoke can’t get it done, and why would he change, then hopefully one of these other guys will!rjf15110 says: Feb 8, 2015 5:15 PM Reading all the comments it seems a lot of posters do not know how similar the packers and vikings are. So when you vikings trolls and packers trolls degrade the other team just remember your team has been there and probably will again. I put together these numbers for everyone to argue over. GB had a span of 21 years when they went over .500 twice. MN longest span losing record span was 3 years GB has taken advantage when they had good teams winning the SB 4 times in this span. MN has not.During that time GB had a better record 25 times. MN 24 times. Tied 5 times. 60’s GB had a better record 6 times with 1 tie 70’s MN had a better record 9 times 80’s each had 4 with 2 ties 90’s MN had a better record 5 times with 2 ties 00’s GB had a better record 6 times 10’s has been GB’s half decade so far with 5The cycle is turning again MN is on it’s way up and can GB keep it up?forgot…0-4….not that similar at allroadbiscuit says:Feb 8, 2015 5:44 PMSounds like MM may be going back to the arrangement he had with Joe Philbin at OC. Philbin crafted the game plan which gave MM a menu of plays to pick from and I think it worked better overall.In fairness to McCarthyism the offensive people have things to study and discuss when the defense is on the field. You might assume they are always playing angry birds on those tablets but sometimes they are studying coverages and discussing plays.riverace19 says:Feb 8, 2015 5:50 PMThey shouldn’t stop with offensive coaching… Throw the whole staff out, they have proved repeatedly they can’t get it done when the pressure is on.McCarthy should be fired or at the very least NEVER again be allowed to participate in offensive play calling. In fact when the Packers get possession of the ball someone from the Packers organization should forcibly take away McCarthy’s headphones.This is an improvement, give McCarthy a chance to oversee the entire operation and not so focused on the playcalling. Clements always put together the game plan and this way it keeps those two (game plan and in game play calls) together.My advice is to ignore the Viking trolls. They have nothing to do until draft day when whoever the Vikings draft will be instantly upgraded to a sure-fire Canton bound Hall of Famer and the Vikings will win their 10th consecutive paper championship.I don’t know why teams insist on being so cute with their job titles. The only person that should “head coach” anywhere in their title is the actual head coach. No associate head coaches, no co-head coaches, no assistant head coaches. It looks the head coach look weak. And the OC calls plays. That’s what an OC does.The Packers laying claim to “13 World Championships” is ridiculous. For the first 50 years of their franchise, they were playing against teams like the Frankford Yellow Jackets and the Providence Steamrollers. Yes, those were real teams! Over half of their “WORLD” championships were played in a league with less than a dozen teams, all from small towns across the NE. Yes, the modern-day Packers are a great team, but those first 50 years are in no way comparable to football during the Super Bowl era.TheWizard says:Feb 8, 2015 6:19 PMAll I know is all of them should be sick in their stomachs after puking up that game to Seattle.Had them beat dead to rights and let em off the hook.It wasn’t even the early field goals, I have no problem with that. It was going turtle for the whole 4th quarterThey will be behind the historic Minnesota Vikings every year from now on.Coach Zimmer is turning this team into a powerhouse. And Adrian Peterson will be back in full form next year.Not to forget they have Teddy Bridgewater who posted the best rating in the last five weeks of the season.The season series will be 2-0 for the Vikings by a differential of close to 80 points.Skol.tonebones says:Feb 8, 2015 6:36 PMThe Patriots and the Packers were probably the two best teams at the end of the season. It would have been nice to see them square off in the super bowl. I think they’re making a good move here. Somebody should have made sure they were in a base defense on that faked field goal. That was the only real coaching blunder, and it might not have happened if the head coach wasn’t pre-occupied with play-calling. Clinton-Dix laid an egg on that 2 pt. conversion, and the onside kick that went through the players hands was just a bad play. But the Packers beat the heck out of Seattle, even though they ended up losing. The same thing almost happened to the Patriots.abninf says:Feb 8, 2015 6:47 PMThey were lucky to even make it to Seattle. Dallas should have been there.I love all the Monday morning QB football fans who know exactly what the right play calls are after the fact. It’s amazing how hindsight turns every NFL fan into Vince Lombardi.wahoo21 says:Feb 8, 2015 6:56 PMMinnesota is as relevent as the JetsCongratshodag54501 says:Feb 8, 2015 6:57 PMadoombray says: Feb 8, 2015 4:55 PMOh great. The former GB backup running back Edgar Bennet, who, as receivers coach, coached the worst case of the drops on any team in the league, is given more responsibility.Fire everybody, don’t waste Rodgers prime.. — Have you lost your mind? BTW-it’s spelled Bennett. He was(if you’re old enough to recall) one of the ime reasons the Packers made the Super Bowl in the 1990’s. The Packers had one of the lowest percentages of drops in the league(look it up). And last, but always, not least, “fire everybody”, the call of the youthful Packers fan who doesn’t have a clue. Who are they going to have coach, dig up Vince Lombardi? —- jbvikes says: Feb 8, 2015 4:57 PMI think they have reached it now! Biggest choke in NFL history! Still doesn’t get old!! — Sorry, dude, the Vikings and the Bills still hold the record(s) for the worst choke jobs in history. Green Bay has a long way to go. BTW-since the Packers were THERE deep in the playoffs, where were the Vikings? Trying to find a couple more ex-Packers to add to the roster? If the Vikings weren’t so pathetic they would be laughable.you mean he s being stripped of his play calling duties? hes not a good coach.. he’s just a puppet ! hahaha oh sorry this is Jason Garrett who believed having more responsibilities when not calling the plays was a good thing for the team and it turned out it was … kinda odd this is not trending it was when garrett gave up his duties lolIf you’ve ever been working at the top level of an organization you should be able to appreciate the decision made by the Packers brain trust. It shows that they are giving more than lip service to the saying “everything is on the table”. Good decisions require everyone having their egos in check.Seems like the Seahawks, Pats, and Packers have organizations that are ahead of everyone else. The Browns on the other hand….And I’m a Seahawks fan. I am not opposed to change ups in coaching and play calling. It worked for the Cowboys. But I also wouldn’t be in a rush to dismiss the success that McCarthy has had there over the last decade. The run the Pack has had has been extremely impressive.As for you Vike trolls…. bwahahahaha…. you are the ultimate chihuahua. Constantly yapping at the big dogs (Hawks, Pack, etc…), just begging for someone to notice you….cinzano08 says: Feb 8, 2015 6:02 PM MM cost the Pack this game. I was sick when the Pack went for FG’s twice in the first qtr on the 1 yard line! I thought Carroll was bad but MM is worse. ——————————– MM’s gameplan gave us a 16-0 lead at half time on the road against the defending champs and no.1 ranked defense.And everyone wants him fired cause a doofus 3rd string Tight End didn’t do his job?Fail… Let’s run proven and successful coaches out of town cause one or two things didn’t go our way…Hawks – Big Dogs? umm im sorry congrats last yr on winning the big one but umm a few years of success does not ll the sudden make you “big dogs” with deades upon decades of terrible seasons … show me 10-15 years of success before you call yourselves “big dogs” LOLpervyspankspackfans says:Feb 8, 2015 7:36 PMmyhawks1976 says: Feb 8, 2015 7:23 PM……..As for you Vike trolls…. bwahahahaha…. you are the ultimate chihuahua. Constantly yapping at the big dogs (Hawks, Pack, etc…), just begging for someone to notice you…. ========================================= Malcolm Butler says you’re a rather SMALL Dogfartweasel says:Feb 8, 2015 7:40 PMPackers window of opportunity has closed with improvements to all other nfcn teams and an aging team. They’ll be lucky to win the division next year so why worry about choking away another nfc championship game.ideabook2014 says:Feb 8, 2015 7:54 PMI get a kick out of folks here who call the coaches and players by their first names, or talk as if they’re in the Packers coaches room or actually coming up with something that might be used by the team. I guess people take this stuff at various levels and themselves, of importance. That said, all I can add is that the Packer fans should be pretty upset with how their coaches blew the Seattle game. Even more so since the Pats ended up winning it all, and that the fans were convinced they’d easily handle the Pats in any rematch. I’m not a Pack fans but watching the Seattle game was hard enough, now the Seahawks fans got theirs (karma again). I think this is the Packers coach’s way of saying he screwed up. On most teams he’d be on notice right now.johnnytarr says:Feb 8, 2015 7:56 PMcboys4life2014 says: Feb 8, 2015 5:23 PM …….. but as long as Bridgwater is QB their offense will remain a joke and not even Norv Turner can fix that. ================================== Judging a rookie season which wasn’t that bad considering it wasn’t a full season & he was missing a MVP running back & the starting TE is the sign of an idiot.Packers window of opportunity has closed with improvements to all other nfcn teams and an aging team. +++++++++++++++++++ Facts are a stubborn thing, the Packers were the 4th youngest team in the NFL last season. Add to that the general trend for the greatest improvement is from the rookie year to the player’s second year and the Packers started 4 rookies and I will take my chances with the Packers. BustH2O wasn’t exactly setting the world on fire but he did better than Ponder, I’ll give you that much.McCarthy is a good coach but at times he has caused this team wins by getting to conservative maybe now he can focus on the team as a whole instead of just worrying about offense. I am sure the calls will still have to go through him no matter who is calling them and if he don’t like it he will change it but the bottom line is it comes down to Rodgers at the line to make the final call according to the defensive read he sees.If you’re going to count pre NFL-AFL merger championships that were won before you were even born, then the Vikings have 1 NFL championship won in 1969, they didn’t win the Superbowl that year, but yes they were NFL Champions.If you’re going to count pre NFL-AFL merger championships that were won before you were even born, then the Vikings have 1 NFL championship won in 1969, they didn’t win the Superbowl that year, but yes they were NFL Champions.______________________________________I have overlooked a Championship, I apologize and thank Viking’s fans everywhere for bringing this to my attention.Packers Bears and even the Lions are in a much bigger level then the Vikings are and you all need to come terms with reality and move on. Teddy Bridgewater is not the next Aaron Rodgers. Brett Favre was your only hope in recent years and that ship has sailed and Bridgewater was on the wrong ship, sorry Viking’s fans, but it’s the truth….NOW GET OVER IT.Packers>Bears>Lions>Vikingthis is the recent trend and most likely will continue unless the Lions manage to stay ahead of the Bears in the division for a long period of time(not likely), 1 season (last year) is not enough after the Bears have dominated the Lions for some many years.I have overlooked a Championship, I apologize and thank Viking’s fans everywhere for bringing this to my attention.Packers Bears and even the Lions are in a much bigger level then the Vikings are and you all need to come terms with reality and move on. Teddy Bridgewater is not the next Aaron Rodgers. Brett Favre was your only hope in recent years and that ship has sailed and Bridgewater was on the wrong ship, sorry Viking’s fans, but it’s the truth….NOW GET OVER IT.Packers>Bears>Lions>Vikingthis is the recent trend and most likely will continue unless the Lions manage to stay ahead of the Bears in the division for a long period of time(not likely), 1 season (last year) is not enough after the Bears have dominated the Lions for some many years. __________________ The Lions may be good now, but calling them better then the Vikings is just kinda dumb, I mean they got 4 NFL championships, but the Vikings didn’t even exist then, so theres not much bragging rights there. If you compare the existense between Vikings-Lions games, then history points very favorably towards the Vikings. Honestly on Packer threads, Vikings fans come to hate, and vice versa on Viking threads, its just pure idiocy that makes me commentGreen Bay fans have nothing to do for the next 7 months except cry into their toilet paper fake stock. Literally, nothing. Have you been to that town?!stellarperformance says:Feb 8, 2015 8:59 PMjohnnytarr says: Feb 8, 2015 8:02 If you are going to count championships back when the league had about 12 teams you need to count the Viking’s championship when they went to the Super Bowl against the AFL champion. ////////////////////////////////////////////The NFL does not give credit for “NFC championships” earned by the Packers in 1966 and 1967. They acknowledge only the SuperBowls as championships from those years. The same rules apply to the Vikings in 1969.Makes no difference to me. But if you insist that the Vikings earned a championship, then the Packers have fifteen titles, not thirteen. Count ’em. You’ll see.Oh, by the way, back in the old days every other team had the same opportunities to win titles as the Packers did, and against the same competition. Why is that a bad thing? It’s bad because you weren’t there?OK…..try this…. Count the Packer titles earned only since the Vikings entered the league in 1961. Now compare that number of titles against the titles earned by the Vikings in the same period of time. 7-0. Your number is still zero.I have been a fan in the NFCN since 1979. Now your just being butthurt cause the Viking’s are terrible and always have been. Your fans are ridiculous, biggest low life trolls ever and you’re just being desperate. The Packer’s fan base has way to much to much class to be considered on the same level as the Vikings.So, you’re telling me that MULTIPLE BLOWN CALLS IN THE NFC CHAMPIONSHIP GAME IS ENOUGH TO JUSTIFY THESE ACTIONS?Me, I would have fired a couple of people. Conservative, borderline cowardice. Certainly malfeasant. AS BAD as Christmas “Pete” Carroll.arnoldziffel says:Feb 8, 2015 9:05 PMThis is just one example of why it’s GREAT to be a Packer fan! The organization is progressive – always evolving .. always improving.Tom Clements has plenty of experience in the offense, and a great relationship with Rodgers. Edgar Bennett was a Super Bowl winning running back who coached running backs for a number of years before moving on to coach receivers – he’ll be a great coordinator!Both of those guys will have McCarthy in their corner to bounce ideas off of.Looking forward to the 2015 season – should be another great one Packer fans!The NFL does not give credit for “NFC championships” earned by the Packers in 1966 and 1967. They acknowledge only the SuperBowls as championships from those years. The same rules apply to the Vikings in 1969.Makes no difference to me. But if you insist that the Vikings earned a championship, then the Packers have fifteen titles, not thirteen. Count ‘em. You’ll see.Oh, by the way, back in the old days every other team had the same opportunities to win titles as the Packers did, and against the same competition. Why is that a bad thing? It’s bad because you weren’t there?OK…..try this…. Count the Packer titles earned only since the Vikings entered the league in 1961. Now compare that number of titles against the titles earned by the Vikings in the same period of time. 7-0. Your number is still zero.Good luck with that. _______________ With your consensus, the Vikings have 1 championship, so if you’re trying to make fun of a team for not having any championships, you failed.Bridgewater did well for a rookie thrown into the situation he was… 4 starters out for 6+ weeks after 2nd game (five if you count Cassel). Yes he made some rookie mistakes early on, but in the final four games he posted numbers almost as good, if not better, than the four QB going to the division championships. Last year I predicted the Vikings would have an 8-8 season… and I was close. 7-9 with half of the 9 losses settled by less than a 7 point margin. This year (2015) I predict the Vikings will come in a VERY close 2nd to the Packers… something along the order of an 12-4 vs 11-5 season. I also predict they will be the NFC wildcard team. Will they make it to the Super Bowl? Probably not. All day will be back to make what is now a young but average team better… but they still need work in the OL and their secondary could use some shoring up as well. Watch the free agency and drafts little sisters to the east… the Purple People Eaters are making a return visit… SOON!Now he doesn’t want to be accountable for play calling. Let Laazzzzy be the play call guy and Packers will win Super Bowl for sure. The only so Packers who choke, collapse, and or melt downGO PACK!!!!!!usdcoyotesfan says:Feb 8, 2015 10:57 PMThey need to put the offensive play-calling responsibilities in the hands of the offensive coordinator, and they need to put the snack-vending responsibilities in the hands of McCarthy, Capers, and Bostick.For what it’s worth you are wrong when you say that the Vikings don’t have a NFL championship. They won the NFL championship before losing Super Bowl IV. It wasn’t until Super Bowl V that the Super Bowl crowned the NFL champion.So… What is wrong with the defensive coaches that McCarthy being completely focused on the offensive play-calling (even though that didn’t help during the Seattle game) and being unaware of an injury on defense would be an issue?It takes a big man to admit when he’s done wrong. McCarthy knows that even with his overly conservative play calling, the Packers would still be in the Super Bowl if they had just recovered the onside kick. A great coach makes both big changes, like letting go of Shawn Slocum and giving up play calling, and small changes, like changing the workout regime to reduce injuries. McCarthy is vastly underrated as a head coach. Call him conservative, call him quiet, call him rigid, but don’t say he isn’t open to change when that change can be for the better.No offense people, but this change is not about McCarthy’s poor play calling or oversight issues, it’s about giving Clements a chance to take on more responsibility so that he can eventually get real consideration for a head coaching job. He’s getting passed over because he doesn’t call the plays. Now, if the pack offense does well next year, he could get a job and Mike will go right back to calling plays again!I’m a longtime Packer fan, but one correction in fairness: The Vikings DO have one NFL championship. They won the 1969 NFL title but lost Super Bowl IV. The first four Super Bowls were pre-merger and didn’t crown the NFL champion. The AFL and NFL sent their respective league champions to play in the Super Bowl.@smedley61: Why not? Rodgers is at least as smart as Manning. As long as he was given information from the coordinators and assistants in the box, he probably could do at least as good of a job as McCarthy.@Brandon: You mean the same play calling responsible for six running plays (two three-and-outs) in a row that used up no time and gave Seattle more time to come back? That kind of perspective?nickynick04 says:Feb 9, 2015 4:50 AMViking fans count NFC Titles as World Championships ???? I thought you had to beat the AFC title holder ???VIKING FANS still pathetic as everstellarperformance says:Feb 9, 2015 6:38 AM“The AFL and NFL announced an agreement to merge in 1970, and the Super Bowl, a matchup between the two league’s best teams, began determining the world champions at the conclusion of the 1966 season.”Otherwise, the Packers would have two championships in each year of 1966 and 1967, for a total fifteen…..not thirteen. But they don’t. They have thirteen and the Vikings have zero.This should really end this conversation, but I’m sure it won’t.grnngold says:Feb 9, 2015 6:49 AMjbvikes has a bad case of short term memory loss. Who can forget Jan 24th, 2010 and the Porter pick of Favre. Still one of my all time favorite plays!!! Unlike the loser Queens the Pack will be back in the playoffs next year. Troll on Queen fans!!“Not a bad idea. Great to know he’s humble enough to consider it.’ Humility has nothing to do with it, common sense has taken over. as a play caller he was an OC and not a head coach during games,he missed an awful lot of what exactly was going on during games that he should have known as HC. a gameday HC gets involved in the whole team aspect not just the offense,this will certainly help the Packers.The coaching should include providing Rogers with the option to check out of a bad call at a critical time. Following Burnetts int the three rushes into 9 in the box was the perfect moment for Rogers to get creative. Also Capers needs to watch the sequence of plays that lead up to 4 and 26 and compare it to his defensive call on 3 and 19. Please stop doing this to us fans. And finally where were the coaches when there was 5 minutes left in the game and players were congratulating each other. If McCarthy wasn’t busy calling awful plays during that moment maybe he could of been keeping his players minds in the game. Whatever you coaches decide to do in the future please look at your past errors and admit them. Ignoring them will only mean that it will happen again.I am going to ignore the standard Vikings trolls. But, this is good news. I am not a McCarthy fan- he has proven that he struggles in the big games, with the exception of the run to the Super Bowl a few years back. His play calling gets noticeably worse and seems to be far off the standard gameplan in the bigger games. This is not a players issue, this is a McCarthy issue.hazelmn says:Feb 9, 2015 10:52 AMAn easier answer could be to simply give Rodgers more play calling autonomy.McCarthy is a great coach but can struggle with maintaining the edge at the end of games. It’s been frustrating at times. While I welcome the change of play-calling duties, I hope it doesn’t create other issues.vikingsfan4life says:Feb 9, 2015 11:14 AMLove the passion from Packer nation. No matter how gut wrenching the loss, it’s never the players’ fault. You ALWAYS blame the coach, GM, refs, water boy, etc. Fact is, Rodgers threw a costly INT in the red zone when McCarthy let him throw. Perhaps the coach decided that Rodgers’ injury and/or play that day didn’t warrant going for it on 4th down. Or maybe McCarthy is a gutless coward. We will never know because the Packer D folded (again) in the clutch and Bostic’s Butter Fingers did the rest.What IS clear is that Rodgers continues his whiny ways. He whines about the turf in Tampa. He whines about the coach not calling the right plays. It’s never Rodgers’ fault, is it?A true leader would have accepted the blame–even if too much of it is heaped on the QB–but Rodgers’ arrogance would never let that happen.Wow, you people are stupid. Who cares that the Packers won some championships before the NFL draft even existed? The Lions haven’t won a playoff game since 1957 and I’m supposed to believe they have a better history than the Vikings? The Bears won one Super Bowl, congratulations. The only thing that matters is what’s going to happen from this point forward and Packer, Bear, and Lion fans are going to be in for a surprise.Rodgers should have all the cheese he needs to go with his whine over the play calling. As for coach McCarthy, with those lazy eyes there’s no reason he shouldn’t be able to see what’s happening on the field at all times. Bear down!I can only conclude people calling for Mike McCarthy’s head are just jealous fans from other teams, hoping he gets hired by theirs. If you’re a Packer fan and want him fired, your an idiot. Just who would you rather have, that is available? Mike called a brilliant game UNTILL the after the interception by Barnett . Yes those 3 running plays were too conservative. Aside from that no issues with HIS calls. Special Teams, that was another matter, coach was fired and rightly so. Even that could be argued had the players executed. Taking F.G.’s instead of going for it on 4th and 1, that move failed against the Lions and Bucs. On the road, you take the points any way you can get them, period.usdcoyotesfan says:Feb 9, 2015 4:51 PMRodgers threw at Sherman thinking he had a free play because the Seahawks were offsides. However, the refs failed to call it. That one is on the refs. The other one was because the receiver ran the wrong route.