Circle K NHRA Winternationals Pro Stock Notebook, Sunday1. Erica Enders-Stevens vs. 16. Matt HartfordThings looked sketchy after two qualifying sessions, with Erica Enders-Stevens yet to make a full pass down the Pomona strip. Entering Q3 Saturday morning, people were scrambling to find out when the last time the reigning Pro Stock champion failed to qualify at this race. Answer? "Dyno Don" Nicholson in 1978. And it will stay that way, as she put up a 6.51 in Q3 and enters today from the No. 1 spot. Behind the wheel of her red Camaro, E.E. should be just fine in round one. Our pick: Enders-Stevens2. Jason Line vs. 15. Joey GroseBuilding on our trivia note above, the first Pro Stock low qualifier was Ronnie Sox, with a pass of 10.006, at the 1970 Winternationals (when the class debuted). He went on to race the No. 2 qualifier, Bill Jenkins in the final – and "Grumpy" beat the famed Sox & Martin team. A similar story could easily develop here today because Line is the defending event champion and lists Pomona as his favorite track on the tour. Grose ran career bests this weekend in qualifying but still needs to climb a few more rungs of the ladder before he's ready for the Summit Camaro. Our pick: Line3. Rodger Brogdon vs. 14. Deric KramerOne guy, Kramer, has a new car with very few runs on it. The other guy, Brogdon, is using Elite horsepower under the hood and is more confident than ever that he has a winning combination heading into eliminations. Further, Brogdon was low qualifier after Q1, and his 6.524 in Q3 slotted him third in the field. Our pick: Brogdon4. Drew Skillman vs. 13. V. GainesYes, Gaines was the runner-up at this race one year ago. However, making it out of the first round today may prove to be a tougher task than chasing that Wally was in 2014. Skillman has looked like anything but a rookie. His red Camaro moved from No. 7 in Q1 to No. 2 one session later. Of all the drivers kicking and screaming about the rain that washed out Q4, Skillman would have to be near the front of the line. He very well could have ended the day on the pole with one more crack at the track. Just imagine, in your debut race, you qualify No. 1. Oh boy! Our pick: Skillman5. Vincent Nobile vs. 12. Allen JohnsonThe No. 5 vs. No. 12 matchup featured plenty of upsets last season. We don't see one happening today. A.J. still seems in search of his ideal combination while the KB team has given Nobile (pictured) a competitive race car. A first-round loss at this race last season started Johnson's season off on the wrong foot. Look for a repeat in round one today. Our pick: Nobile6. Larry Morgan vs. 11. Jimmy AlundThis race is going to hurt one way or another. Who doesn't love Morgan? The Ohio native has been at this factory hot rod stuff probably longer than all the other drivers in the field combined. The thought of having a competitive car this season has him licking his chops. On the flip side, there likely isn't a bigger character in the class right now than the towering Swede. Either guy going rounds will benefit those of us who like good quotes. Our pick: Morgan7. Greg Anderson vs. 10. Shane GrayHow did Gray (pictured) end up qualified No. 10? His white Camaro was nearly a sure bet for a No. 1 spot during the second half of 2014. We know Justin Elkes and the team haven't forgotten how to tune, but they have a tough task in front of them in round one. Anderson looks to be rejuvenated after a tough fight last season. This is a near coin-flip race on paper. Our pick: Anderson8. Chris McGaha vs. 9. Jonathan GrayEven more surprising than Shane Gray sitting No. 10 has to be Jonathan sitting No. 9. Last year's top rookie among the factory hot rod contingent, Gray was posting some of the best times among the dozen drivers who tested in Phoenix earlier this week. However, something has been off this weekend. He ran 6.559 and 6.540 Friday, then followed with a 6.571 in his only pass Saturday. Meanwhile, McGaha has been going the wrong way in his sleek new "silver bullet" Camaro, running 6.538, 6.549, and 6.596 on his three qualifying attempts. Even if they tune 'er up, Gray will almost surely have the advantage off the starting line. Our pick: GrayThe favorite:Jason Line should be highly motivated today to erase his last race-day memory, a red-light loss to Erica Enders-Stevens in November. In the past, when he has brought that level of extra focus to the track, he comes away with the Wally more often than not. Although he didn't come away with the No. 1 spot on the qualifying sheet, his car was the most consistent in qualifying. Look for him to successfully defend his 2014 Circle K NHRA Winternationals title today.The dark horse: Like Johnny Cash, the man in black just might prevail today. Larry Morgan turned a 6.55 in just his first full pass in his new Camaro during testing. He rolled off the trailer here and put up a 6.551 Friday, a number he bettered to 6.535 in Q3. If he can cut some decent lights throughout eliminations, we could be seeing Morgan in the winner's circle for the first time since he took home a Wally in Las Vegas more than five years ago.That's incredible:Rookie Drew Skillman has yet to lose a round of competition in Pro Stock. Fine, he is only 1-0, but let the kid take it all in. "This feels incredible," he said after picking up his first win light. "This is awesome. We have an incredible car, and all the guys have just been incredible."Quick on the draw: Vincent Nobile posted a .071-second reaction time at the last race here in Pomona in November, which put him on the trailer with a first-round loss. Allen Johnson lost on a huge holeshot at this exact race one year ago. What happened when the two met up in round one? A.J. picked up a holeshot win with a .013 to .036 advantage off the starting line. "We've been struggling all weekend," Johnson said. "That was a good win. That really pissed me off when we lost in the first round here last year, so I was happy to get one back."Rinse and repeat: Jonathan Gray met Chris McGaha in the opening round of racing four times last year, including at the 2014 season-ending event in Pomona. Gray won the final three of that set, with his only loss coming in Atlanta – the first time they faced each other. In round one of the 2015 season, they met again, with McGaha earning the victory and moving on to the second round, where he'll have lane choice vs. the champ, Erica Enders-Stevens.Oh so close: Immediately after watching teammate Drew Skillman put away Allen Johnson with a holeshot, reigning world champion Erica Enders-Stevens did the same thing against Chris McGaha. By only a .007-second margin, E.E. picked up a 6.569 to 6.565 win.Stellar at both ends: Rodger Brogdon is not only relying on his Elite Motorsports horsepower under the hood to secure his round-wins, but the Texas native is also getting off the starting line first. In round one, he had a .025-second advantage over Deric Kramer when the lights went green, and he followed with an impressive .014 light in his round-two win over Larry Morgan. "We're going to change the gear and put a different [transmission] in it for semi's," Brogdon noted. "Everything from the engine back is going to be different. That's what you have to do as the day goes along, though. This is a great way to start the season. We love showing up thinking we have a chance to win rather than just needing breaks. Everybody can use a break, and everybody needs them. But when you have to count on them to win rounds, it's not much fun."Pro Stock semifinal resultsDrew Skillman (6.590) def. Erica Enders-Stevens (6.573)Jason Line (6.560) vs. Rodger Brogdon (6.560)Final-round pairing (lane choice first): Jason Line vs. Drew SkillmanGray skies: "This really sucks," a dejected Jonathan Gray said, hours after his red-light loss in the first round. "You don't want to start the season out like that, but when you squeeze on the Tree that hard all the time, you're going to have that. I just have to move on. I knew going up there I was at a car disadvantage because Chris [McGaha] had a better car than I did. I still turned the red-light on, though."History maker: With Drew Skillman advancing to the final, NHRA's media team tells us the last time a Pro Stock driver won in his Pro debut was Larry Lombardo in Englishtown, way back in 1974. He beat Wayne Gapp to drive off with the Wally. Will history repeat itself today in Pomona or will Jason Line successfully defend his Circle K NHRA Winternationals title?Same ol' story for Line in PomonaWhen it comes to the Circle K NHRA Winternationals in Pomona, Jason Line knows how to handle his business on race day. He won the event last year, and after defeating rookie Drew Skillman in the final today, he has his fourth season-opening Wally. The victory also marks Line's 36th win in NHRA Pro Stock competition."What a really exciting day," Line said. "We have some new faces in the class, and congrats to Drew Skillman just for making the final at his first race; that's phenomenal."Co-crew chiefs Rob Downing and Tim Freeman gave the Minnesota native plenty of power throughout the day. He posted low e.t. of each round, beginning with a 6.545-second pass in his round-one defeat of Joey Grose. In the next round, he took out Shane Gray, 6.564 to 6.574.Back in the pits, Line wasn't completely happy and felt there was still more left under the hood.His semifinal matchup with Rodger Brogdon was an interesting one, with both drivers recording 6.560-second laps. Line's .026 reaction time was significantly better than Brogdon's .064, and that proved to be the difference.Then, in his 75th final, Line left first and matched his round-one e.t. of 6.545, ending what otherwise would have been a storybook day for Skillman, competing in just his first Pro Stock race."[The car] was just steady the whole time. It was very good right from the start," said Line. "We didn't make a great run in Q3. It felt like we probably could have been low qualifier [if things went as planned]. The car was really good, though; the car was steady, and so was the driver. When you have days like that, with the car and the driver both in sync, then you get lucky enough to be [in the winner's circle]. ... I still would have liked to have Q4 [which was rained out]. As a team, it was really not good for us to miss Q4. We were struggling with the clutch in Greg [Anderson's] car, and that cost us today."This marks Line's third straight victory from the No. 2 qualifying position, and he becomes the first driver since Anderson (2006-08) to win back-to-back titles at the first race of the season."I wish I could win the fall race here; that one is tough," quipped Line. "It's great to get off to a good start, though. To be honest, I didn't expect to come here and do this well. I didn't think the off-season had gone well enough for us, but apparently it has. And it feels great to win."Just like last year, Line will leave Pomona with the points lead, which includes the several "little" points he picked up during qualifying.