9,068 job openingsRefine Your SearchSoliant Health - San Mateo, CAWe're currently seeking a Speech Language Pathologist for an immediate need in the San Francisco Bay area. This is a part-time position working 3-4 days per week in a school district near San Mateo, CA. An SLP is needed to provide therapy, conduct assessments and attend related meetings for a mild/moderate, K-5th grade caseload. Candidates must have previous school-based experience and h...Soliant Health - Schaumburg, ILA search for a Masters or Ed.S level School Psychologist in the Elgin, IL area is currently being conducted. Interviews are being scheduled for this full-time contract employment opportunity working with two or three elementary schools in the district. There are other School Psychologists on staff who will overlap in 1-2 of the schools. Job Qualifications: As previously stated, candid...Soliant Health - Berkeley, CAThis employment opportunity is ideal for a new graduate of a Masters or Ed.S program in School Psychology who is interested in starting their career in northern California school district that boasts a progressive and supportive Special Education department. The district is located in a community near Berkeley, CA and is structured to provide opportunities for collaboration with other Sp...Soliant Health - Medford, ORWe're seeking a Speech Language Pathologist (SLP-CCC) for a full-time position in Oregon. A school district near Medford, OR is in need of an experienced SLP to provide therapy, administer speech and language assessments, maintain IEPs, and attend related meetings with parents and staff for the remainder of the current school year. This is a full-time schedule, Monday-Friday in accordanc...Soliant Health - Philadelphia, PAA local school district located in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area is seeking a qualified Speech Language Pathologist. This will be a part-time (3 days per week) position. Duties include working with students with Autism, Intellectual disability, and hearing impairments. Candidate must have be licensed and have a PA Department of Education SLP certification at time of application.Soliant Health - Kennewick, WAA school district located approximately 45 minutes west of Kennewick, Washington is seeking a full-time qualified School Psychologist. The candidate will be able to handle a K-12 caseload. All licensures and certifications within the state need to be current at time of application. Duties for the candidate include provide assessments for students with disabilities including Autism, p...Soliant Health - Rock Hill, SCA school district near_Rock Hill South Carolina has an employment opportunity for a School Psychologist. A School Psychology Specialist/Masters or Doctorate degree from an accredited program is necessary to be qualified for consideration as well as proper state certification. The School Psychologist will provide a wide range of services to students in the district including: evaluations,...Soliant Health - Richland, WAA Richland Washington area school district is currently scheduling interviews for a school psychologist for an assignment during the 2015-2016 school year. School psychologists will be responsible for working alongside students, parents, and other staff member to ensure students success. These candidates will also need to have experience and be comfortable conducting student evaluations and...Soliant Health - Kennewich, WASoliant Health has partnered with an exceptional school district near Kennewick, WA to fill a Full-Time, contract School Psychologist position. To be considered for this position, candidate must be licensed in the state of Washington. Soliant Health is a leader in Healthcare staffing and we would love to be able to add your to our extraordinary team! Job Details:Soliant Health - Blacksburg, VASchool near Blacksburg Virginia has a job open for a Teacher of the deaf. Will be a full time position. Essential Job Functions: Teaches hearing, deaf, and hard-of-hearing pupils. Consults with parents, other professionals, agencies, and support staff regarding student educational needs. In-services parents, teachers, students, and aides on various issues regarding workin...Soliant Health - Lewiston, IDA local school district located near Lewiston, ID is seeking a qualified Speech Language Pathologist for immediate hire. Candidate must be licensed at time of application. The SLP will be responsible for assessing student’s communication skills, including effectively enunciating sounds correctly, using proper intonation and tone of voice and comprehending what’s heard. The SLP will a...Soliant Health - Lewiston, IDSLP Job, Lewiston, Idaho Soliant Health has partnered with a school district near Lewiston, ID to hire a full time Speech Language Pathologist. SLP will supervise an experienced and independent SLPA. Othr responsibilities include completing assessments, writing IEP goals, and providing therapy services. Please contact Ammie for more details: ammie.fletcher@soliant.comSoliant Health - Greenville, SCSoliant Health is looking for a full and part-time School Psychologist for school-based contract jobs in Greenville, SC. With Soliant Health, you are open to many resources and benefits! We customize your employment package specifically to fit your needs. Below are just some examples of what we can offer: - Competitive Salary - Comprehensive Benefits (health, dental, vision, l...Soliant Health - Spartanburg, SCSoliant Health is looking for a full and part-time School Psychologist for school-based contract jobs in Spartanburg, SC. With Soliant Health, you are open to many resources and benefits! We customize your employment package specifically to fit your needs. Below are just some examples of what we can offer: - Competitive Salary - Comprehensive Benefits (health, dental, vision, ...Soliant Health - Santa Fe, NMA school district located just northwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico is in need of a licensed full time (37.5 hours per week) Sign Language Interpreter. The qualified candidate will need a 4.0 EIPA Score or be Nationally Certified at time of application. The SLI provides interpreting and other support services to students with hearing impairments who, to the extent possible, are main...