Logan Goes to ChinaTravel With Kids SeriesJanet McCrea DiemanThis book is available for download with iBooks on your Mac or iPad, and with iTunes on your computer. Multi-touch books can be read with iBooks on your Mac or iPad. Books with interactive features may work best on an iPad. iBooks on your Mac requires OS X 10.9 or later.DescriptionHave you ever wondered what it's like to travel to another country where everything is different, not at all like home? Logan invites you to come along with him to China as he rides in a rickshaw, learns about Kung Fu, tastes exotic teas, explores the Forbidden City, climbs the Great Wall, and meets the Terra Cotta Warriors. He describes a dumpling banquet, and a hole-in-the-floor toilet. He shares the experience of an herbal foot massage, sits on an emperor's throne, and describes how to approach and meet Chinese people (and water buffalo). He takes you to mega cities, rural farms, and the top of the Pearl TV Tower. You learn how to make and eat noodles, bargain before buying, and how to cross a street while dodging "pinball" traffic. (It's not as easy as you think!) Logan Goes to China is the story of his trip in his words. You'll be amazed. And surprised. And feel like you've been to China, too.What's New in Version 1.3MetadataCustomer ReviewsLogan Goes to Chinaby jill.louise5228Perfectly written and beautifully photographed, this book is a must read for people of all ages, but especially for young readers who want to experience life in rural and urban China. Told through the eyes of 10 year old Logan, based on a trip he took with his grandmother to China, the true story takes us inside the lives and history of the Chinese people The excitement of reading this book is enhanced through interactive features such as sound videos and additional photos accessed by a click or a touch. You will never find a book like this one in your local library!As a retired teacher, I can speak to the excitement I felt when I read this book and realized what a wonderful teaching tool it would be. If you like to travel, imagine being able to introduce your child or grandchild to the experience of visiting another country very different from the one they live in by simply reading this book and using the embedded features. The possibilities are endless and at $3.99 for a copy, there is no reason not to buy the book and get an additional copy for a friend or family member.I can hardly wait for the next addition to the Travel With Kids Series to see where Logan and his Grammy will travel next.Loved this bookby ArlinePAbsolutely was enthralled by this book as an adult. What a great peek into the culture of China. I felt I was with them on the trip and I learned SO much. The tech add-ons add depth for children AND adults. And there were so many detailed pictures that lower level readers would find it interesting. They need to do more of these!Great interactive ebookby w j onesThis book is about a trip a grandmother and a grandchild make to China. What makes it interesting is that it is written from the viewpoint of the junior traveller. It is full of video, imagery, and great interactivity that only enhance the story. Great read, especially for an inquisitive mind wondering about far off places.