Buhari appeals for calm over elections postponementSubscribe free to Daily Post NewsletterEmail AddressThe presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, General Muhammadu Buhari has appealed to Nigerians to remain calm following Saturday’s postponement of the general elections from February to March and April.Buhari made the appeal at a world press conference he just addressed at his campaign office in Abuja, saying he shared the pain and frustration of Nigerians over the shift.The APC Presidential candidate said although he considers the shift of the election a fraudulent attempt to subvert Nigeria’s democratic process, Nigerians should not be tempted into taking action that will further endanger the country.According to him, the new dates fixed by INEC must be made to stand, adding that “before us there is Nigeria, and long after we are gone, there will be Nigeria”.Below is the full text of his press statement:Following the decision by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to postpone the 2015 general elections by six weeks, I wish to appeal for utmost restraint and calm by all Nigerians, especially the teeming supporters of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC).This postponement, which comes on the heels of the bogey of the National Security Adviser that half of the registered voters were being disenfranchised was exposed as a crude and fraudulent attempt to subvert the electoral process. The PDP administration has now engineered a postponement using the threat that security will not be guaranteed across the length and breadth of Nigeria because of military engagement in some states in the North East. It is important to note that although INEC acted within its constitutional powers, it is clear that it has been boxed into a situation where it has had to bow to pressure. Thus, the independence of INEC has been gravely compromised.As a Nigerian and a presidential candidate in the elections, I share in the disappointment and frustration of this decision. This postponement coming a week to the first election has raised so many questions, many of which shall be asked in the days ahead.However, we must not allow ourselves to be tempted into taking actions that could further endanger the democratic process. Our country is going through a difficult time in the hands of terrorists. Any act of violence can only complicate the security challenges in the country and provide further justification to those who would want to exploit every situation to frustrate the democratic process in the face of certain defeat at the polls.If anything, this postponement should strengthen our resolve and commitment to rescue our country from the current economic and social collapse from this desperate band. Our desire for change must surpass their desperation to hold on to power at all cost. We are clearly dealing with people who feel they can get away with placing their personal interest over those of our nation and its citizens. What is at stake is the very survival of our country. We must not allow this temporary delay to abort this great opportunity. While I share the pains and frustrations of my fellow citizens over this development, my deep faith in the democratic process assures me that this country, with your support, will overcome.We must remain resolute and rise above all provocations. We must continue to trust in the entire democratic process and in INEC, which has been brought under so much pressure in the last few days. Our trust can only serve to encourage the electoral body to remain steadfast and remain committed to the rule of law.I wish to state strongly that our party will not tolerate any further interference with the electoral process.The rescheduled elections of March 28th and April 11th, 2015 must be sacrosanct.Nigeria is definitely greater than any of us, and much more important than our individual ambitions. Before us there was Nigeria, and long after we are gone there will still be Nigeria. Let us continue to do our part to make it the great country that it should be. We must rescue our dear country.You may also like...U have spoken GMB, how i wish Mr. President will be matured in his words and doings like thisIju Progressive Union UK BrancThat is the next president speaking, straight to the point, no shaken.SpiNext president in the dream land!ayoBuhari your evil plans against Nigeria have been overtaking and thwarted by God.I warned you even last 2 years that even when it remains a step for you to enter asorock ,the forces of the kingdom shall overturn and overturn and until buhari is finally defeated by God. Buhari will never set his feet on aso rock as a President. He shall never again rule Nigeria because buharis hands are covered by the blood of thousands of innocent Nigerians murdered by buharis haramites and agents of ungovernable land.instead of buhari to receive honour he shall receive disgrace and punishment.EkwekweMr Bokohari who has been swearing to false affidavits since 1962. In the next few weeks he will be starting his 14 interesting years in Kirikiri Prison.katchyIs this the best response option (for any honest Nigerian) when your integrity is called to question? In my evaluation, Buhari has not responded the way a man of integrity should respond when his integrity is called to question. A man of integrity should not seek shield and protection in dubious legalism in preference to the observance of full disclosure.This is certainly a most bizarre manner of responding to the resolution of an issue that requires of Buhari and his party nothing more demanding than a simple request to the Army for the (speculation ending) release of the mysterious credentials. The only logical deduction from this stonewalling is that the certificates, especially the secondary school leaving certificate, do not exist.How do we reconcile this moral regression with the image of the purported puritanical crusader who had people shot for drug peddling under a retroactive decree? Who harassed, detained and humiliated moral icons like the late Dr. Tai Solarin, an asthmatic, whom he denied access to his medications; who ransacked and surrounded Awolowo’s residence with Army troops for the duration of his incumbency as military head of state; from whose gulags notable politicians like Ambrose Alli and Bisi Onabanjo emerged to die a premature death; where Ayo Ojewumi went blind and followed suit.The truth is that anyone who bothers to critically study the Buhari personae would always found his trumpet integrity suspect and the current certificate saga is only the latest in the long list of internal contradictions that demystifies him of any shred of lingering integrity myth