I once baked heart-shaped chocolate shortbreads for my sweetie at the time. The cookies were a recipe of my own invention — crisp, crumbly, seasoned with sea salt and near-black cocoa powder, and utterly delicious.Or so I thought. But when I watched him bite down, his face drooped ever so slightly. Disappointment was as evident as the brown crumbs on his white T-shirt.“These are great,” he said weakly, “I was just thinking they were going to be softer.”The cookies were crunchy. They were sophisticated. But they were not luscious. And sometimes when it comes to chocolate, nothing but luscious will do.I’ve learned my lesson since then. These days, when I’m making chocolate confections, I let luscious be the beacon, choosing rich, creamy, dense and buttery over anything delicate and refined.There are ways to increase the chocolate content of any recipe without having to redo the whole thing. The easiest is to use extra bittersweet chocolate (64 to 74 percent cocoa solids), rather than semisweet or milk chocolate, or the usual bittersweet. The result is a dessert with a deeper chocolate flavor that’s slightly less sweet.PhotoChocolate-butterscotch icebox cake.Credit Andrew Scrivani for The New York TimesAnother way to raise the chocolate ante is to increase the cocoa powder in a recipe. Do this in small increments, since adding cocoa powder also affects the sweetness and the acidity levels, which can wreak havoc on the leavening. Start by adding an extra tablespoon or two.Or you can skip the guesswork and try one of these three confections, all of which are perfectly bittersweet.PhotoChocolate streusel poundcake.Credit Andrew Scrivani for The New York TimesThe first, a humble chocolate pudding, crosses the wobbly appeal of a cornstarch-based American custard with a satiny French pot de crème, which is thickened with egg yolks and baked in the oven. Serve it with whipped heavy cream or crème fraîche. I prefer the crème fraîche because it lends tang.Poundcake usually falls on the daintier side of the dessert spectrum, even the chocolate versions. Not so with this one, which, thanks to a generous infusion of Dutch-process cocoa powder, bakes up moist and velvety and profoundly chocolaty. Look for a good brand of cocoa powder, something with a deep character and very dark, reddish-brown color.More ChocolateCelebrate chocolate with recipes and tips from Melissa Clark, David Tanis, Kim Severson, Eric Asimov and The New York Times.To vary the texture, I added a chocolate-chip-laden streusel to the cake on both the top and bottom. On top, you get crumbles, nubs and, when still very slightly warm, melty bits of chocolate. On the bottom, you get a layer of crunch that works nicely against the soft and tender cake.Finally, there is a wonderfully rich icebox cake, in which thin cocoa wafers are layered with maple butterscotch whipped cream. If you want, you can build the cake in the shape of a heart and drizzle it, Jackson Pollock-style, with melted chocolate.No chocolate-loving friend or flame could possibly be disappointed with that, and neither will the chocolate-loving cook.More recipes can be found on NYT Cooking, the recipe resource of The New York Times, where you can browse, search and save more than 16,000 recipes. You can also sign up for our regular Cooking email newsletter, and download the iPad app.Sign up to receive the NYT Living newsletter, a weekly roundup lifestyle news from the Style, Travel, Food and Home sections delivered to your inbox.A version of this article appears in print on February 11, 2015, on page D8 of the New York edition with the headline: The Bittersweet Kiss of Chocolate. Order Reprints|Today's Paper|Subscribe