Food Files: Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime Sauce“So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.” Franz KafkaFood Files: Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime SauceFood Files: Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime SauceThis week on Food Files, I bring you another healthy dish – Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime Sauce. What I love about this dish is that it is quick and easy to make. You can vary your sauce, create it from scratch, or use any of the delectable gourmet sauces from Robert Rothschild Farm. If you’ve been paying attention to the news, you’d know that the East Coast of the US has been pummeled by snow for the last 2 weeks or so. When folks are snowed in, one thing they do, amongst many other activities, is to cook a tasty meal; ideally a warm meal. I was tinkering around in the kitchen and I wanted a healthy dish that was easy and warm. I had a basket full of Gala, Pink lady and Fuji apples and I thought they would go well with a salad. I checked out my veggies and decided to heat up some mixed veggies and add it to mix. Then the sauce idea occurred to me and … Voilà! … the recipe below.“I love to take something ordinary and make it really special.” Ina GartenPREPARATION: Prep Time: 5-10 minutes Ready to Eat: In 10-15 minutes Heat/steam the veggies on the stove till they are cooked to your taste. I like mine crunchy. Drain and set aside. In a large mixing bowl add the diced apples, 1/4 teaspoon of Kosher salt, the cooked veggies, and 3-4 Tablespoons of the Chili Lime Sauce. Mix the ingredients well with a metal or wooden spoon and serve while warm. The combination of the cold apples and the warm veggies with the tangy, spicy lime sauce is a dish to savor. In case you were wondering, the Chili Lime Sauce has the following Ingredients: (Water, Cider Vinegar, Onions, Sugar, Canola Oil, Garlic, Lime Juice (from concentrate), Cilantro, Salt, Chipotle Peppers, Cumin, Thyme, Xantham Gum, Black Pepper, Crushed Red Chili Peppers, Oregano, and Citric Acid). My Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime Sauce can be eaten as a main dish with Avocado slices and a protein of your choosing or as side dish with Pasta, Rice, Quinoa or any grain you love. Enjoy! Bon Appétit!More Below!“Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you who you are.” Jean Anthelme Brillat-SavarinFood Files: Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime Sauce – IngredientsFood Files: Apple Salad w/ Chili Lime Sauce – IngredientsWhat I love about gourmet sauces is that they use excellent and/or organic produce for the mixes. Often they are low-fat and delicious. Another sauce I love from the company is their Pineapple Coconut Mango Tequila Sauce and I will be presenting you with a dish made with that sauce soon. Look out for my delicious recipes coming your way. If you love using sauces, Robert Rothschild Farm offers a wide range of sauces/mixes and recipes you can try. Here are a few Chili Lime Sauce Recipes from their site. Let me know what you think. Do you prepare dishes with sauces? What type of sauces do you like? Do share.Thank you for catching that one Gilly. It was meant to read 1/2 a teaspoon or to taste. I don’t measure mine. I take a sprinkle and decide. Btw, did you get my email from last night? Please advice. Thank you! :-)Wow, strange flavor combo but this could be so cool! I wouldn’t have thought of it. I love the idea of the chili lime sauce on pork- that would be fantastic. In fact, the apples would also be fantastic with pork.