This weekend we will be mascots for the Leicester Tigers Rugby Club! Thank you to COBA Plastics for arranging and paying for our day with Dad, Katie and family. Mum. Shannon and Ella-Mae. We will also be representing Anthony Nolan, we hope to continue to inspire more to join the register without it we wouldn't have hope and future families wouldn't either x You can join online at www.anthonynolan.org it's only a simple form and a spit in a tube! If you are selected it's as simple as giving blood ....Thanks to all who donated so far and the support starlight children's charity gave us our wish to go Florida came true, We had a amazing time and made so many memories I will treasure forever.. Thank you so much! Please follow our journey on Facebook 'The King Twins' Thank you for your continued support and helping us to make memories x x xYour donations have made Luis and Kian's wish come true. Starlight children's Charity have made up the difference and Luis and Kian have had their wish granted to go to Florida and swim with dolphins, xxxxLuis and Kian have a wish list we intend to complete . Thank You to Beachamp Nursey Your donation has Granted their wish to go Ice Skating xxxxxWe intend on granting their wish to go lap land and meet Santa and the donations we have been so fortunate to receive will ensure their other wishes come true xWe have been over whelmed by all the support we have had from family friends and strangers , without you this wouldn't have been possible. We told Luis and Kian their wish had been granted and they're so excited !Thank you everyone we have tears of joy in the house ......you are all simply amazing xWe would just like to say again a massive thank you to all that have donated and supported us. Our family will never get over how kind and generous you have all been to us. Making memories as a family was something we have taken for granted in the past but when your future becomes uncertain making memories becomes so much more important. The support you have given us has been amazing, We may not know what Luis and Kians future may hold but we are going to make sure we have as many happy memories to treasure as possible.Thank you again to all our family, friends and those who we haven't met but still support us. We feel truly blessed xxxxxThank you to everyone for your support. It's our public recruitment evening for the Anthony Nolan register Friday 13th March 16:30 till 19:00 If you or some one you know is aged 16-30yrs old and would like to register to become a donor and safe someone's life please join us at Rawlins Academy Loughborough road, Quorn, Loughborough. LE12 8DY . We would love to see you thereI am going to Rawlins Academy Monday 9th March to do a presentation with Anthony Nolan to inspire and educate students to become registered donors. To tell our story and raise awareness for Krabbe Disease.We would just like to say a massive thank you to you all, You have currently donated £2,171.00 Brockshill Academy have raised a huge contribution also and with the support from Starlight children's charity we are halfway to our goal and making luis and Kian"s wish come true Thank you to everyone who has supported us . You're all truly amazing x ASDA on Abby Lane Leicester is also supporting The King Twins with their green token scheme, Pop along and drop your token into The King Twins Tower Thank you all so much xxWe have been nominated by Zach to list 7 facts you may not know about the twins. So here goes.1) Luis and Kian were born at 28wks (12wks early) 2) Luis and Kian fought for their lives and were 3 months old before they came home for the first time. 3) Luis and Kian were diagnosed with ataxic cerebral palsy aged two years old after an MRI scan. 4) although being behind they walked at 2 1/2yrs old 5) By 3 they were running and climbing (despite being wobbly) 6) They blended in mainstream school and you would never know they'd fought so hard. 7) Aged almost 7 they were diagnosed with Krabbe Disease, they can no longer run and climb like their friends ,Krabbe Leukodystrophy takes lives, it comes in four forms, infantile, late onset infantile, juvenile and late onset (adult) it doesn't care who you are, what colour you are if you are rich or poor. All too often it has control and it's too late. If England had new born screening .....then our story may have been different ........My twin son's age 7 were diagnosed with a genetic condition called Krabbe Disease (also known as globoid cell leukodystrophy or galactosycermide lipidosis). It is a rare and often fatel degenerative disorder that effects the myelin sheath of the nervous system. My sons are currently waiting to have a stem cell transplant that we hope will delay progression but cannot cure. We have been advised to make memories to treasure and have a family holiday before their treatment starts, We hope to make many memories in the time we have Luis and Kian have a wish list you can follow them onCampaign Not Ready There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution, it's a simple fix! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account.