19:30 “I’m sure Yaya will play a decisive game. He will arrive in time. You saw he scored a fantastic goal in the semi-final and that was not by chance. When you are fantastic player, these key important games are for you. They are always ready. For them there is no added pressure." Ivory Coast Herve Renard said of his midfield star Yaya Toure.19:00 “Didier Drogba, our model, our strength, we love you. It will also be for you if we make it,” Ivory Coast striker Tallo Gadji Celi said of Drogba - who hung up his international boots.18:30 "It has been a long time since we have had a final between Ghana and Ivory Coast and we want to write our history too. This is our chance and we hope to take it," Roma forward Gervinho told AFP."We are very motivated. From the beginning of this competition, we said we have six games to play – we have played five and there is one remaining.”18:00 They have been able to combine talented stars like Yaya Toure and Gervinho with hard-working teammates.16:30 Ivory Coast, on the other hand, have been tactically shrewd and well organised when they do not have the ball.They have been able to combine talented stars like Yaya Toure and Gervinho with hard-working teammates.Gervinho said they are gunning for history against Ghana.15:30 Former Nigeria skipper Sunday Oliseh, who won the Cup of Nations in 1994 and came close to another title in 2000, has tipped Ivory Coast to win, but also warned Ghana are capable of causing an upset."Ivory Coast is clear favourite to win the final," said Oliseh on his website."Player for player, Ivory Coast has better individuals than Ghana and they are playing better as a team now, especially when not in possession." He added.14:30 Ghana have won the Cup of Nations four times but their last conquest was 33 years ago, while the Ivorians only triumph was in 1992 and, ironically, it was at the expense of Ghana13:30 Ivory Coast face what is likely to be their sternest test of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations when they tackle Ghana on Sunday in what has been dubbed the 'dream' final12:30 Both started this tournament slowly – the Ivorians needed to win their last group game against Cameroon to reach the knockout stage, while Ghana fought back from an opening-day loss to Senegal to make the final.12:00 In the absence of defending champions Nigeria and record seven-time winners Egypt, two of the continent’s most consistent teams, Ivory Coast and Ghana will clash for African football's biggest prize.Ahram Online welcomes readers' comments on all issues covered by the site, along with any criticisms and/or corrections. Readers are asked to limit their feedback to a maximum of 1000 characters (roughly 200 words). All comments/criticisms will, however, be subject to the following codeWe will not publish comments which contain rude or abusive language, libelous statements, slander and personal attacks against any person/s.We will not publish comments which contain racist remarks or any kind of racial or religious incitement against any group of people, in Egypt or outside it.We welcome criticism of our reports and articles but we will not publish personal attacks, slander or fabrications directed against our reporters and contributing writers.We reserve the right to correct, when at all possible, obvious errors in spelling and grammar. However, due to time and staffing constraints such corrections will not be made across the board or on a regular basis.