Get Smartphone About FilmingConsidering all the new smartphones on the market, it’s nice to know there is a film festival for it! The Mobile Motion Film Festival made its debut January 31, 2015 thanks to a successful Kickstarter fundraiser in October 2014. This festival made it possible for indie filmmakers to submit their movies, for a chance to gain exposure. The submission was free! Unfortunately, I missed the opportunity to submit because I didn’t believe my piece was ready for prime-time. I plan to be ready for the next one!Tools for the TradeI aim to be prepared. My Samsung Galaxy S II has anti-shake, but adding a few tools will go a long way in enhancing the film. I’ve been adding to my filming wishlist over the years and have compiled a list of filming must-haves. If you’re like me, you’re on a tight budget. You must account for every expenditure. There are two ways you can film. You can build what you need, like a jib, glider, or steadicam, or you can find the best tools that you need, at an affordable rate. Whenever I embark on a new project I seek sponsorship. You should, too. You would be surprised how willing companies are in sponsoring good projects. If you’re turned down, don’t get discouraged. Some companies will turn you down. They will say no. But you haven’t lost what you didn’t have – chin up!When to Use ToolsIf you wan’t to enhance your filmmaking, you should invest in the right tools. Again, you can learn how to make the tools you need,. There are plenty of DIY tutorials on YouTube and Vime that show you how to make camera equipment. Keep in mind that DIY doesn’t mean less expensive or cheap. You have to factor in the cost of materials, your time, and even the tools and location needed to create the equipment. You can find quality, low-cost equipment. You just need to do diligent research, such as checking filmmaker magazines’ forums and groups – network on social media. I listed several ideas that can make for an awesome shoot. I hope you find the information useful, and inspire you to locate what you need to create that film of your dreams. Speaking on inspiration, check out Girl Makes Indie Movie’s interview with Occhi Magazine.The Slider – The people at Mobislyder has an affordable slider for smartphones. It comes with five different mounts to you can attach different devices. You can also purchase a 660 Spare Rail to extend your glide by another 300mm. It retails on the Mobislyder website at £37.50. That’s about $57.00 US. If you’re wondering when you should use this tool, or how it can ehance your filmmaking, check out this video by Movee Go.The Dolly – You can use iStabalizer Dolly with device mount to create cinematic effects You can take smooth tracking shots on flat surfaces. It retails for $59.99 US on the iStabalizer website. If you’re wondering how to use a dolly, then tutorial by iStabalizer demonstrates how to use it.The Steadicam – The Morpheus Stabalizer was browfunded on December 12, 2013. The Kickstarter campaign received over $96,000 to fund the product. It was a success. It costs more than the other two. It retails for $139.00 US. Based on the demos and review, this may be worth the investment. It was created for all skill levels. This is great for aspiring filmmakers who want a professional look for their film projects. Check out a demonstration posted to their Vimeo page. They’re demonstrating how to use the product with an iPhone 6 Plus.About Mobile Movie Film Festival Since its invention, film has often held an elitist place within the creative arts. Being expensive and time consuming, you often had to be from a wealthy background to learn your craft.Digital filmmaking technology gets cheaper every year, opening opportunities for budding auteurs with limited resources. Filmmaking tools that are cheap, simple and widely available (coupled with the collective knowledge of the internet) are driving fresh, unique and open approaches to cinema.We are aiming to be at the forefront of this new wave of filmmakers with our new platform – the Mobile Motion Film Festival. With MoMo we want to create a festival which provides a level playing field for filmmakers, where talent, creativity and hard work counts more than budget and industry connections.Believing that anybody with a thought-provoking concept or a touching story can make a great film, the festival will showcase new talent using a tool so simple and readily available that it’s often overlooked: the mobile phone.