Kix Brooks Had to Turn Down a Role on ‘Nashville’In addition to being an award-winning singer and songwriter, Kix Brooks is also noted actor. But in spite of his love for being in front of the camera, Brooks has revealed that he turned down a role on the hit ABC drama ‘Nashville.’“They gave me a great opportunity,” Brooks reveals to ABC News Radio. “Made me an offer to play a great part about a homeless person who had been in the music business and was kind of washed up. It was, like, six episodes, and I was just booked.”Unfortunately, by the time the show’s producers asked him to join the cast, Brooks’ concert schedule was already full. Movie star Mykelti Williamson, who has appeared in ‘Forrest Gump’ and ‘Con Air,’ among other films, took the role instead.“I really, really wanted to do it,” Brooks adds, “but it’s not like you can go cancel shows because you gotta do another one.”However, Brooks is still finding time to appear on the small screen. The 59-year-old is hosting a new TV show, ‘Steak Out With Kix Brooks,’ where he travels across the country, searching for the best steak.“There’s not really a good steak show out there, and, of course, steak and wine go good together,” Brooks explains. “Steakhouses in the community sort of speak to the personality. Every small town and big town have their steakhouse, and they have their own personalities.”Welcome back to The BootIt appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites.Welcome back to The BootIt appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://theboot.com using your original account information.