A Republican candidate for governor in Missouri thinks that if women are allowed to have premarital sex, then child abuse will soon become the norm.Change the conversation, change the world Share this"If you pursue this course that sexual permissiveness is to be valued, which is the liberal framework, and that you should protect sexual permissiveness through abortions and other things, you lead to a conclusion where every sexual preference is acceptable," Catherine Hanaway, Missouri’s first female Speaker of the state House of Representatives, said at the Educational Policy Conference last weekend."What concerns me is the slide in our culture that says, 'Hey, everything’s OK, and so why should just having a picture of something be a crime? Because to possess child pornography is a crime, why should that be a crime?' Well, it should be a crime," Hanaway continued.She also blamed liberals for the war on women."Their chief criticism of conservatives, the chief criticism is that we stand up for the sanctity of life, that because we are pro-life we are somehow against women," Hanaway says. "I am here to say that their culture of permissiveness towards sexual activity is the real 'war on women.'"She then says that single mothers are proof that "sexual permissiveness" is bad for women, assuming that all unmarried mothers view their situations negatively."It has impoverished women. It has reduced their access to educational opportunities. It has impoverished and endangered their children. It has forced those children to grow up in households where their mothers have to work to make it economically viable for them to exist, and with no fathers. How is that culture good for women and children?"So she thinks the solution to all of this is to tell women to just stop having sex. Maybe since this was an education conference, she could have thought to talk about safe-sex education?No one is encouraging anyone to have sex. No one is encouraging child porn. Most humans are acting on their orientation already and always have been. Recognizing the scale of human sexuality is not a bad thing. Providing our youth with as much info about sex and sexuality helps them make better decisions when the time comes. It will and always has. Unwanted pregnancies happen and always have. Women will seek out abortions. Providing a clean safe place to have one is just the human thing to do. Your “morals” will never justify a woman dying because of a back ally abortion. Are the people in that state so stupid as not to see what self-imposed ignorance looks like when it says shit like this?Catherine Hanaway is a disgrace to women and to Missouri. This unlettered, poorly educated woman seems to think that to “just say no” will stop sex and all the alleged travails that go with it. It is time that Missouri stays no to Catherine Hanaway.When premaritial sex allowed? What does that mean? As if it were illegal to have sex outside of marriage. Not all women have abortions, not all women live in poverty because they have children and no husband. Husbands to the rescue, Really? So, no men live in poverty then? I believe it is the conservatives that want remove birth control from insurance coverage, right? Don’t get pregnant, don’t have sex, don’t have abortions, stay home and cook ladies, and serve that man, and by all means, keep those legs closed!!!! All of these crazy conservative people should all move to Texas and form their own repressive country, let the rest of us evolve as we are suppose to.This woman is clearly a liar and an embarrassment. Because conservatives insist on valuing the life of a fetus over the mother is no reason you get to call yourselves “pro-life”This is a fallacy. By passing intrusive, punitive laws restricting a woman’s constitutional right to her body you are actually saying American women’s lives have NO value ad you but American women in harm’s way. Conservatives are horrible human rights violators.So who all these young women having premarital sex with? The guys? And why do the guys always get the pass on unplanned pregnancies? Seriously, I have yet to see on any debate on teen pregnancy mention the guy’s responsibility. And since the repugnican’s want to get ride of the social safety nets, WIC/TANF/SNAP/ERDC/housing assisstance and medical care is it no wonder that single parents have such a hard life? They are all about the fetus but once it takes it’s first breath, it’s screwed.