CoreLight Events 2015TRANSFORMING TRAUMA - EMBODYING RESILIENCESaturdays March 7, April 4 and May 2A three-session series offered by Judith Crop. L.P.C., SEP®This three part series will be given on Saturday mornings 10:00am - 12noon Pacific:What is trauma and how do we transform it? What does it mean to embody resilience? When we turn our attention to animals in the wild we see that they exhibit no trauma - even though their lives are fraught with daily, life-threatening challenges. After each potentially traumatic event, they are able to re-set and return to their normal activities. They are resilient. How do they embody this? Our body has this same innate, natural capacity. This class is about discovering and uncovering these answers.Discover the mystery and magic of the Archangel Michael-Apollo ley line as we journey to some of Greece’s most beautiful and powerful sacred sites. One of the Earth’s major meridians, the Archangel Michael-Apollo ley line flows through Ireland, England, France, Italy, Greece and Israel. As we meditate and pray along the ley line, we assist with healing the Earth and experience the tremendous spiritual power of the ancient sacred sites.Just as the body has subtle-physical flows of masculine and feminine energy moving through it, so do the meridians of the Earth. Apollo and Athena are the names given to the masculine and feminine Earth currents that weave around the Archangel Michael-Apollo ley line. At many of the sacred sites we will be visiting on our pilgrimage, the Apollo and Athena lines cross, forming nodes, which the ancients recognized as places of extraordinary spiritual power. These sites include: the Parthenon, Temple to Athena, in Athens; the ancient oracular site of Delphi; Osios Loukas Monastery, a countryside spiritual oasis; and the sacred island of Delos, birthplace of Apollo the Sun God.Throughout our journey, Claudia will perform sacred dance and energetic healing work, Brad will guide us and explain about the places of spiritual power, and as a group we will participate in ritual and ceremony for transformation and healing.FORUM FOR A TIPPING POINTOngoing from June through December 2015Collaborative Global Healing and TransformationWith Leslie Temple-Thurston, Brad Laughlin, Guest Facilitators and YouWe feel a deep sense of urgency about helping the Earth at this pivotal moment in time. Humanity is facing a choice point, and we are at what is perhaps the most critical juncture in human evolution. There are so many perilous, precarious situations reaching a crescendo right now, and we feel called to muster an army of loving souls who care enough to come together in collaboration to help create a tipping point and a miracle for the Earth. Together we will share, pray, dialog, open our hearts to new possibilities and focus on our own personal journey of transforming our consciousness. How do we navigate these challenging times and continue to choose love, make love the priority in our lives, grow spiritually, help others and serve the Earth and all her creatures?More information is forthcoming. Please check back for details.Meanwhile, if you want to hold the dates, we will meet via phone bridge once a month on Sundays at 9-11:30am US Pacific Time on the following days: June 28, July 26, August 30, September 27, October 25, November 22, and December 20.We feel a deep sense of urgency about helping the Earth at this pivotal moment in time. Humanity is facing a choice point, and we are at what is perhaps the most critical juncture in human evolution. There are so many perilous, precarious situations reaching a crescendo right now, and we feel called to muster an army of loving souls who care enough to come together in collaboration to help create a tipping point and a miracle for the Earth.Together as a group we will focus our attention on world issues, including the ones listed below, process the consciousness associated with them, share how we feel about them, and use different spiritual healing modalities to affect change and to transmute and transcend these issues. Our hope and prayer is that by doing so, we create a series of shifts in consciousness—in ourselves and in collective consciousness—that will manifest a tipping point.When the world around us moves faster by the day and life’s insurmountable responsibilities weigh on us with increasing intensity, how do we bring joy into life? With the ever-accelerating changes happening on the Earth and with so many reasons to feel fearful, how do we establish the deep inner peace that brings lasting joy?Some of the answers to these vital questions include: cultivating love in our lives, expressing creatively and spending time in the quiet stillness of meditation. Love is the most appropriate response to times of great challenge, change and uncertainty. And when we live in love, we live in joy. Opening the creative flow inside us allows the divine energy of inspiration to move through and to enliven us, which brings enormous joy and satisfaction. Taking time daily to go within and still the mind in meditation brings an expansive and transcendent peace—a peace that passes all understanding—which is the ultimate joyful state.We will explore these three aspects of cultivating joy, and more, while we gather in virtual community, sequestered each in our own sanctuaries but connected via phone bridge and through the inner planes, energetically.By gathering in virtual community, together we hold a Field of subtle energy. The Field supports our consciousness and also helps to create a tipping point for the planet as we work together to manifest a miracle for the Earth and birth a new paradigm of heart-centered consciousness. As our worldwide community has experienced with prior virtual retreats, there truly is no time and space. Even though we are physically separated by vast distances, oceans and continents, we are deeply connected in the Oneness. Our unified field is a profound and palpable presence that uplifts, heals and endures.Please join us for meditation and discussion (via teleconference) as we become of one heart and one mind and strengthen the Field at this pivotal time for the Earth and humanity. It is an ideal time to sequester in the silence and experience the sacred change together.The unprecedented, paradigm-changing intensity of the December 21, 2012 solstice is still very much with us and is affecting the Earth in profound ways. In fact the upcoming December solstice will bring a similarly powerful opportunity for major spiritual transformation and upliftment--both for humanity/collectively and for each of us personally--because the alignment of Earth, Sun and Galactic Center will be very close to exact, like it was on 12-21-2012. Not quite exact this time, but very close.Please join us as Leslie discusses the extraordinary opportunity we are given at this momentous time, and as we celebrate the beauty, joy and luminosity of the holiday season. Give yourself the gift of pausing from the revelry, excitement and busy-ness of the holidays to be quiet, to spend time in meditation and to go within for a couple of hours at this most sacred and powerful occasion.Darshan is a Sanskrit word that means the giving of a blessing. Leslie will offer a talk and share a healing, uplifting and enduring transmission of unconditional love. There is also time for questions and answers. The event will take place online using GoToWebinar.Our chaotic and troubled world is in great need of peace right now. One important way we can help is through developing our own personal, inner peace. Through various forms of spiritual practice, such as meditation and clearing egoic shadow, we become liberated from the limitations that prevent us from experiencing inner and outer peace in life. Egoic patterns of negativity, anger, pain and fear drop away. Eventually we move into what saints and mystics throughout the ages have referred to as the peace that passes all understanding - a state of great spiritual development and awakening which has an extraordinary healing, ameliorating effect on the world around us. Any small step we each take towards inner peace and inner healing is a great gift we can offer the world, at a time when it is so badly needed.Darshan is a Sanskrit word that means the giving of a blessing. Leslie will offer a talk about the peace that passes all understanding and share a healing, uplifting and enduring transmission of unconditional love. There is also time for questions and answers. The event will take place online using GoToWebinar.At this auspicious time when the Earth energies are accelerating as never before, we invite you to join us for this deep-immersion weekend retreat. The intensity of the shadow and brightness of the light are calling us to transcend and move into higher consciousness now more than ever before. Taking the time to sequester in silence, meditate and go within has never been more important and is profoundly supportive at this time. By taking refuge in our sanctuaries and giving ourselves full permission to focus on the spiritual journey, we feel the love, the light and the transcendent energies that are pouring into Earth now. This is a time when quantum leaps in consciousness are possible.By gathering in virtual community, together we hold a Field of subtle energy. The Field supports our consciousness and also helps to create a tipping point for the planet as we work together to manifest a miracle for the Earth and birth a new paradigm of heart-centered consciousness. As our worldwide community has experienced with prior virtual retreats, there truly is no time and space. Even though we are physically separated by vast distances, oceans and continents, we are deeply connected in the Oneness. Our unified field is a profound and palpable presence that uplifts, heals and endures.Love is the most powerful force in the universe. When we enter the field of unconditional love, aggression and violence cannot be sustained, and peace becomes possible.Leslie and Brad are co-presenting this 30-minute guided meditation as part of The Shift Network's Summer of Peace. Learn more and register here for the Summer of Peace, a free online event series from June 13 - September 21.The dynamic of the victim-tyrant relationship, which is synonymous with power struggles, is the primary issue holding each of us back right now. Whether in our romantic relationships, in our relationships with family and friends, or in our relationship with money or work or the government or an apparent enemy, we often find ourselves feeling victimized by the outside world and hurting. Have you experienced that no matter how hard you try to change the dynamic, you feel stuck in a pattern, which can repeat itself over and over? Have you tried re-arranging your outer world by moving house, changing jobs or finding a new partner, but still the victim-tyrant relationship persists? How do we end this cycle?It is possible to move beyond victim-tyrant relationships and other limiting patterns - by changing our inner world. Because the outer world and all of our relationships in it are actually a reflection of our inner consciousness, we can shift our outer reality by transforming inwardly.It is time now for students seeking awakening into higher dimensions of consciousness to undertake what is perhaps the most important piece of transformational work ever: moving whatever remains of your old, third-dimensional worldview into the fourth and fifth dimensions - and beyond. This crucial work involves, amongst other things, integrating whatever pieces remain of your old, secular awareness and allowing yourself to shift completely into recognizing that everything is sacred in its nature - and that means everything within creation - rather than being mentally, emotionally and physically wedded to the perception that there is such a thing as a secular life. We must now grasp that actually everything is sacred. When we allow this truth to register in our consciousness, we begin our ascension into higher dimensions of consciousness.One of the most difficult things to grasp and work with on this journey is: the way you view money and how you use it in the third dimension. Change your view of money, and you shift your life into a higher dimension and improve your health and wellbeing enormously. Because money issues have their tentacles into almost every facet of life, when you clear your money issues, you are well on your way to waking up.We began our Sacred Money course in August this year, and this event is part of the follow-up. However, anyone is welcome to join us. The pre-requisite is to have listened to the recordings of the previous sessions, which are made available to you when you register for this event.Mother Africa is an ancient, earthy presence on the planet, an experience that will touch your soul deeply and permanently. As the cradle for our human development, she creates life-changing transformation for all who take her into themselves.We are offering an intimate, eighteen-day retreat on the move in the northeast corner of South Africa, for a maximum of 15 people, journeying to and exploring places of great spiritual power and natural beauty, including: the virginal Kruger National Park, a vast game park in which one can view animals in their natural habitat from the safety of one’s car; the Blyde River Canyon, one of South Africa’s natural wonders, a power center with breathtaking views; and several other very special destinations, which we will be sharing with our guests for the first time.We are delighted to be teaching one of the five-day modules at the White Lion Leadership Academy, sponsored by the Global White Lion Protection Trust. The objective of the academy is to inspire and empower participants to embody White Lion leadership principles and improve their own intellectual, emotional and physical wellbeing, as well as the wellbeing of our planet.This is a seven part series given on Sunday mornings at 10:00am - 12noon Pacific: January 12 February 2, 9, 16, 23 March 2, 9Money has become woven into the very fabric of our ego consciousness. Freeing ourselves of this illusory entanglement, and seeing money for what it truly is, can be hugely liberating.In this 7-session class, we will explore each Key in-depth as a way of liberating and harnessing the power of Divine Flow, and putting money in its sacred context. We will use practical hands-on techniques and processes that will assist us in identifying and freeing that which holds us back from consistently living in Divine Flow. We will also look to what is already working, already here in full support of our deepest longings. When this perspective is fully exposed and acknowledged, this awakened awareness can sometimes be the most liberating in unlocking the path to Divine Flow, love and abundance.The Earth and many of us personally are experiencing radical change at the moment. In fact the changes seem to be ever-accelerating. The transition may feel enormous, yet it is just beginning.Human evolution reached a pivot point on December 21, 2012, and ever since then we have been in the beginning stages of a new era. As we move from the old paradigm, based in separation and learning lessons about the abuse of power and control, we face the challenge of letting go and surrendering. The temptation is to hold onto our various forms of power and control. Yet change is upon us. And it is a sacred change. We are being called to a new way—to move into a new paradigm of heart-centered consciousness.When we enter the realm of the heart, we move beyond separation, beyond dualities such as right and wrong, and we begin to embrace qualities such as: love, peace, generosity, compassion, forgiveness and connection in community.By gathering in virtual community, together we hold a Field of subtle energy. The Field supports our consciousness and also helps birth this new paradigm of heart-centered consciousness. As our worldwide community has experienced with prior virtual retreats, there truly is no time and space. Even though vast distances, oceans and continents, physically separate us, we are deeply connected in the Oneness. Our unified field is a profound and palpable presence that uplifts, heals and endures.Please join us for meditation and discussion (via teleconference) as we become of one heart and one mind and strengthen the Field at this pivotal time for the Earth and humanity. It is an ideal time to sequester in the silence and experience the sacred change together.It is time now for students seeking awakening into higher dimensions of consciousness to undertake what is perhaps the most important piece of transformational work ever: moving whatever remains of your old, third-dimensional worldview into the fourth and fifth dimensions - and beyond. This crucial work involves, amongst other things, integrating whatever pieces remain of your old, secular awareness and allowing yourself to shift completely into recognizing that everything is sacred in its nature - and that means everything within creation - rather than being mentally, emotionally and physically wedded to the perception that there is such a thing as a secular life. We must now grasp that actually everything is sacred. When we allow this truth to register in our consciousness, we begin our ascension into higher dimensions of consciousness.One of the most difficult things to grasp and work with on this journey is: the way you view money and how you use it in the third dimension. Change your view of money, and you shift your life into a higher dimension and improve your health and wellbeing enormously. Because money issues have their tentacles into almost every facet of life, when you clear your money issues, you are well on your way to waking up.We began our Sacred Money course in August this year, and this event is part of the follow-up. However, anyone is welcome to join us. The pre-requisite is to have listened to the recordings of the previous sessions, which are made available to you when you register for this event.ALL-STUDENT RETREAT/CONFERENCENovember 14-19, 2014Sequestering in the Presence of our LoveTamaya Resort and Spa, Bernalillo, New MexicoOpen to All Students and GraduatesWe will gather at the elegant Hyatt Tamaya Resort located on the vast, open Native American lands situated along the Rio Grande River in New Mexico. Here we are sequestered in a safe, beautiful and mystical space, where during our precious time together we can completely let go of the demands that the world makes upon us. In this nurturing environment offered by the sweet ethos of Tamaya, we can be deeply rejuvenated and uplifted, and enjoy the freedom to fully immerse ourselves in transcendent states to advance our awakening.Our intention with this retreat is to look deeply into and allow the full expression of our inner, untapped creativity and love. We will use a number of ways to access the wisdom of our bodies, minds and emotions, in addition to invoking our transcendent Spirit and Soul... Read more.Millennia ago, our ancestors danced as a form of sacred expression and ceremony. Music, movement and mudra enlivened the priestesses, who moved energy to heal people, uplift the spirit, transmit shakti (divine, healing energy), transmute collective energy and create shifts in consciousness.Channeling sacred dance and primordial Earth energies from the mists of the past, Claudia revives this sacred, mystical artform from the age of the goddess and makes it as alive for us today as it was millennia ago. To the rhythms of vibrant and soul-stirring world music, we can experience our ancestors from different cultures around the globe dancing before us. Each unique dance event is a powerful energy experience.A native Brazilian, Claudia Piedade has been devoted to the awakening of Consciousness for 20 years. As a healer and teacher, she draws on many modalities in the service of others’ awakening, including ten years experience of "Temple Dancing" and 15 years of psychological and art therapy training, with an Anthroposophical approach.It is time now for students seeking awakening into higher dimensions of consciousness to undertake what is perhaps the most important piece of transformational work ever: moving whatever remains of your old, third-dimensional worldview into the fourth and fifth dimensions - and beyond. This crucial work involves, amongst other things, integrating whatever pieces remain of your old, secular awareness and allowing yourself to shift completely into recognizing that everything is sacred in its nature - and that means everything within creation - rather than being mentally, emotionally and physically wedded to the perception that there is such a thing as a secular life. We must now grasp that actually everything is sacred. When we allow this truth to register in our consciousness, we begin our ascension into higher dimensions of consciousness!Since the unprecedented portal of December 21, 2012, a new, love-based consciousness is opening in humanity like a budding spring flower. Whether we are aware of it or not, it is happening. To some it is imperceptible because it is subterranean, but for those of us who are sensitive and doing the spiritual work, we can feel the heart opening more each day—for humanity collectively and for each of us personally. And we can especially feel the love amplified when we gather together with like-minded people. Led by Brad, Victoria and the CoreLight teachers. Leslie will participate as guided in the moment. Download the full brochure.A journey to the Southwest is an initiation, a pilgrimage to an enchanting land imbued with rugged natural beauty and great spiritual power. It is an opportunity to reconnect with an ancient time and place when the land was honored and revered, when Mother Earth was held as sacred. The extraordinary sites we will visit still hold that sacred vibration, and the spirit of the Anasazi Indians—the ancient ones—is a palpable presence there. As we make our meditative, mystical sojourn and contemplate our connection with these holy places, the soul stirs, and we awaken to our vast, timeless eternality.It is time now for students seeking awakening into higher dimensions of consciousness to undertake what is perhaps the most important piece of transformational work ever: moving whatever remains of your old, third-dimensional worldview into the fourth and fifth dimensions - and beyond. This crucial work involves, amongst other things, integrating whatever pieces remain of your old, secular awareness and allowing yourself to shift completely into recognizing that everything is sacred in its nature - and that means everything within creation - rather than being mentally, emotionally and physically wedded to the perception that there is such a thing as a secular life. We must now grasp that actually everything is sacred. When we allow this truth to register in our consciousness, we begin our ascension into higher dimensions of consciousness!Nothing is more inspiring than great art and music. A transcendent song or piece of art touches the soul, uplifts our spirits and opens new vistas of consciousness inside of us - arousing new understandings, awareness and transformation.The path of a mystic is very similar to that of an artist or musician. He/she is a seer, looking into the inner worlds, the invisible realms, charting new territories in consciousness, going where no one has gone before. The mystic uses the inspiration within to explore consciousness and to birth deeper and more profound understandings that change the psyche. The mystic pushes the boundaries of consciousness, creates beauty, inspires new possibilities, alters the meaning of life and promotes radical growth.The purpose of our course is to find our inspiration, to strengthen our divine inner connection and to make a stand for freedom, truth and integrity during these challenging times. It is a celebration! We will open our souls to a flow of joy, creativity, beauty and inspiration. We will explore the power of creative expression to affect change in the world.2013—BIRTHING THE NEW PARADIGMJune 19-24, 2013This Retreat is Open Only to Those Enrolled in the Continuous Flow CourseTamaya Resort and Spa, Bernalillo, New MexicoA small-group retreat for people enrolled the Continuous Flow course. To be led by Leslie, Victoria and Brad.A MANS JOURNEY INTO THE HEARTJune 15 and July 20, 2013, 11 AM to 1 PM USA Pacific TimeWith Brad LaughlinA Phone-bridge SessionOpen to Men Enrolled in Spiritual Warrior and Teacher Training Classes and GraduatesJoin Brad for a virtual conference about the journey of entering the paradigm of the heart. How do those of us in male bodies navigate these waters at this time? How does a man live in love when the world around us not only does not support it but usually discourages it? How do we move beyond the fear and shame of being seen as “soft”? Some of the discussion topics will Include: balancing masculine and feminine, gender roles, and sexuality.Join Brad for a virtual conference about the journey of entering the paradigm of the heart. How do those of us in male bodies navigate these waters at this time? How does a man live in love when the world around us not only does not support it but usually discourages it? How do we move beyond the fear and shame of being seen as “soft”? Some of the discussion topics will Include: balancing masculine and feminine, gender roles, and sexuality.Post 12-21-12, as we move through these times of formlessness, uncertainty and unpredictability, we are learning a deeper level of walking on our faith and intuition, grounding on the spiritual core and trusting in the support of the invisible realms. It is exhilarating and exciting at times, especially as the momentum accelerates and new paradigm forms are birthing, and it can be scary and intimidating at others. How do we hold this dichotomy inside of us, and remain centered, present and grounded, as the Earth seems to undulate and wobble beneath our feet?read more...FOR THE LOVE OF ANIMALSSundays, May 26th, June 9th and June 16th, 2013With Leslie Temple-Thurston and Anna BreytenbachA Phone Bridge Series on 3 Non-consecutive Sundays from 11AM to 1PM US Pacific TimeOpen to EveryoneJoin Leslie Temple-Thurston and renowned interspecies communicator, Anna Breytenbach, for a series of dialogues about the current state of the animals in the world and what the animal kingdom might have to share with humans to facilitate a collaborative shift into a new paradigm.This ongoing course will end in mid-December 2012, prior to the doorway of December 21, 2012. It is a stringent and all-encompassing preparation to assist all participants in meeting that doorway fully and completely. The course is a combination of the theoretical and the practical—providing the information and transformational support necessary for the journey, and offers critical insights about moving through the stages of enlightenment. It will include classes, exercises and processing the ego for opening the doorways of perception and actualizing awakening, essential for the kind of development needed for this time.NOTE: Just added to the schedule to be available later this semester will be periodic video/audio update(s) with Leslie Temple-Thurston.Virtual conference to include daily synchronized meditations and numerous conference calls to support us in deepening our inner connection with the field of oneness (unity).GIVING YOUR LIFE TO SPIRIT IIIDecember 1-2, 2012A Weekend Virtual Retreat Open to CoreLight Students and GraduatesFrom your home via phone, skype or webcastWe invite you to join us for a second “follow-up” to the CoreLight 2012 conference—an opportunity to join together in a mini weekend retreat and experience the powerful, extraordinary Field in consciousness which we created as a group with the help of many ascended masters and spiritual guides. The conference was so powerful—on many levels—that we feel guided to meet again so that we all can receive a boost as we prepare for the critical and unprecedented December portals of 12-12-12 and the Solstice.From a spiritual perspective the temples and shrines of ancient Egypt are still very much alive with the presence of Spirit. They are much more than interesting, archeological ruins. Thus, for a person of consciousness, traveling to Egypt today is a remembering beyond words, a reminder of who we truly are, which is the One Eternal Self. We were initiated in past lives at the time of ancient Egypt, are ready for further initiations now, and the temples give them.In this important year of 2012, especially, we are being given an extraordinary opportunity to bring the energy of enlightenment into ordinary, everyday life.How do we live an enlightened life amidst the dense materialism, fast pace and turbulence of the modern world?How do we bring refined spiritual energies, deep inner peace and higher wisdom into the chaos of the workplace, into life in a city, or into a relationship or family environment, especially when other people and situations in our life don’t necessarily appear to support this?Through discussions, question-and-answer sessions, guided meditations and spiritual initiations, Leslie and Brad will offer tools and inspiration to help you anchor the spiritual energy into your everyday life and awaken to a new paradigm of consciousness.Several key topics will be examined, focusing a lens of spiritual awareness on a different subject each day:Sexuality, spirituality and kundalini—Becoming more conscious of the issues that connect our sexuality and spirituality is essential if we hope to bring the energy of enlightenment into our everyday life. What we call our sex drive is really the movement of the sacred life force, called kundalini, felt and experienced at the level of the first and second chakra. Yet, kundalini is vastly more than simply sexual energy. It is also the force of creation moving through us on its path of evolving and awakening the consciousness in all the chakras.Opening the heart—Humanity is experiencing the changing of eras, from a patriarchal paradigm, which is associated with the abuse of power, into one of heart-centeredness. As we each experience our own individual microcosm of this journey, we evolve, for example, from selfishness to sharing, from greed to generosity and from apathy to empathy. Opening the heart and practicing tolerance, compassion and love is a critical step on the journey of enlightenment. This is entirely possible while managing a job, earning money and raising a family.Moving into Samadhi—The state of samadhi is an advanced spiritual awareness, a blissful experience of unity consciousness, or non-dual perception. As we clear the ego and transform our personality structures from limitation and negativity into higher states of consciousness—such as wisdom, humility and unconditional love—we begin to experience samadhi. Eventually it becomes integrated into our lives as a normal state of awareness, one which we can share with others.The “Chaos Point” or “Null Point”—As the world transitions from one Age to another, we live in a time of great uncertainty and formlessness. Doubt, confusion and fear often arise during such times when we do not know what to expect. When our normal life seems like it might be derailed at any moment, we lose our reference points and we can be thrown into emotional turmoil. Learning to have faith and to ground on the core of enlightenment that is within each one of us is essential during times like this. Chaos points, or null points, are times of enormous challenges but also of incredible opportunity and potential for extraordinary growth and transformation.Other possible topics of focus are: spiritual integrity, spiritual success in challenging times and awakening to a new paradigm of consciousness.Humanity is facing a pivotal doorway in consciousness. It is the turning of an Age. We are moving from the Age of Patriarchy, a 6,000-year old paradigm based in hierarchy, power and control, into what could be called the Age of Transition, a new paradigm of heart-centered consciousness. As we look around us and read the news, very often it does not look like this could possibly be happening. But it is. We can see the birth of something new, as well as the death of the old.How do we find true fulfillment and deeper meaning while living and working in today’s world of ever-increasing materialism? The stress, hectic pace and insanity of life amidst our consumerist, money-obsessed culture can feel overwhelming and can easily distract us from what really matters in life. Achieving worldly success and acquiring material possessions do not provide us with the fulfillment that the deeper part of us longs for. True fulfillment, purpose and meaning come from developing inner qualities which are lasting and permanent. Aspects such as: love, empathy, faith, integrity, generosity, humility, wisdom and spiritual awareness, just to name a few.What does it mean to create your own reality? So often we feel helpless in the face of the circumstances life thrusts upon us, and we feel blown about like a leaf in the wind. Yet it is possible to lead an empowered and fulfilling life, which we can manifest through positive action. It all begins with shifting our own inner states of mind: Our physical world reflects back to us the thoughts, feelings and states of consciousness we hold inside. Therefore, when we create inner balance, peace and harmony, we manifest an outer reality aligned with these states. Watch the video about the retreat with Brad Laughlin and Claudia Piedade.THE AFRICAN DREAMTIME PILGRIMAGEMarch 25-April 9, 2012In the South African LowveldWith Leslie Temple-Thurston and Brad LaughlinOpen to those enrolled in CoreLight's coursesMother Africa is an ancient, earthy presence on the planet, an experience that will touch your soul deeply and permanently. As the cradle for our human development, she creates life-changing transformation for all who take her into themselves.South Africa is Leslie’s beloved homeland, and our trip will mark approximately the eighteen-year anniversary of the historic elections in which the people of South Africa chose to become a democracy, based in equality for all and ending years of political repression and the apartheid era.We are offering a small, two-week retreat on the move in the northeast corner of South Africa, for a maximum of 15 people, journeying to and exploring places of great spiritual power and natural beauty, including: the virginal Kruger National Park, a vast game park (about the size of New Jersey) in which one can view animals in their natural habitat from the safety of one’s car; the Blyde River Canyon, one of South Africa’s natural wonders, a power center with breathtaking views, and several other locales that are very special to us.The South African lowveld is an extraordinary and unique place in all the world, where the virgin bush is so vast and untamed that there are more animals than people. In this energy there are not many thought forms, and this fosters deep and profound meditation and a great relaxation of the mind, body and spirit. One can let go into the enormity of the inner and outer landscape and experience the mystical nature of the land and animals. It is difficult to describe and should rather be experienced. We like to call it the African dreamtime.Entering into the African dreamtime is a dissolution of the separate mind, and an awakening of inner silence, unity and interconnectedness with the web of life. We perceive this to be one of the great gifts that Mother Africa offers to visitors from the Western world. Those that come for this experience are brought to their inner core of stillness, reconnected with something so ancient and primeval within themselves that they can never be the same again.Listen to a recording of the radio show available at the free downloads page.December 21, 2012 is the end of a several-millennia cycle according to the Mayan calendar. Mystics and seers through the ages have predicted great changes as humanity transitions from the Age of Patriarchy to a new, potentially “Golden” era of heart-centered consciousness. Leslie and Brad will share their insights about this pivotal time in human evolution, what it means to each of us, and how we can each prepare individually for this momentous doorway in consciousness.Topics will include:What is going to happen on December 21, 2012?How do we distinguish between fact and fiction about December 21, 2012?What is the new era going to look like?How can one use the astrological alignment of December 21, 2012 to assist with spiritual awakening?The evidence of the process of global systems collapsing— economic, environmental, energy—is all around us. As the old paradigm dies, the new paradigm of heart-centered consciousness is also birthing, and the evidence of this emergence is also all around us. Join us on a journey of the transformation of consciousness into the new paradigm, opening our eyes to see both the death and the birth. As we process and shift our inner reality, our states of mind and emotions, we shift the outer reality of our world. As we clear the inner shadows that keep us locked into negativity, fear and lack, we become more capable of living in a new reality of faith, trust, generosity, giving and loving.As part of our course, we will read an inspiring, brilliant, new book, Sacred Economics—Money, Gift and Society in the Age of Transition by Charles Eisenstein, and watch several deeply moving films. Through the lens of personal transformation and spiritual growth, we will have teleconference and Internet discussions about our research and insights.Life invites each of us to step through an endless series of doorways in consciousness. And if we are receptive enough to see these openings as opportunities, and surrendered enough to pass through them, we will find ourselves, amazingly, growing into greater self-knowledge and expanding beyond our old limitations.—Leslie Temple-Thurston