Destiny – How To Quickly Max VanguardRight from the start of your journey in Destiny, you’re an automatically earn vanguard and crucible reputation points, depending on your activities. These are used to make purchases from vendors found inside the Tower.There are a bunch of ways using which you can earn vanguard, but none of those are effective enough to make you hit the cap within the matter of a couple of hours.The method posted below was originally discovered by ‘HeyItsMeJosh‘ from Reddit and lets you max out your vanguard within four hours.How To Quickly Max VanguardFirst off, the method takes place in the Earth Exploration Mode i.e. Patrol Missions and requires you to grind this with a full party. Of course, you can also do this solo, but you need to really high level to take on this.MothyardsX:00/X:30 and DivideX:10-15/X:40-45 These two spawns on the Earth can easily be considered as the most common and you should keep an eye out them.The SteppesX:15-25/X:45-55, Forgotten CoastX:35-40, and SkywatchX00:05 These four spawns stated above are not very common and it’s all based on your luck.MothyardsX:00 This is the best place to start the grind and you’re guaranteed to get the event. Following this, you can also go for X:10 The Divide event.The DivideX:10 Although there are some chances that the Walker will not appear at the exact time, but it doesn’t hurt to get there on time.The SteppesX:15-25 Once again, the possibility of this event depends upon your luck. Sometimes, you’ll get the event and sometime you won’t, but in any case, make sure to head over to Mothyards before X:27.MothyardsX:30 Like the previous event, this one also occurs and not on fixed time. Sometimes, it will be early and sometimes it will be delayed. Make sure to check it out before time.Forgotten CoastX:36 This one mostly doesn’t get delayed, but people have reported that sometimes it won’t appear at all. Make sure to stick around until X:39 and then move onto the Divide for X:40.The DivideX:40-45 This is simply ‘Walker’. Complete it as soon as you can and then head over to the Steppes for the X:45.The SteppesX:45-55 This one rarely spawns, but then again, it doesn’t hurt to try out, does it?Using these events, you will max out your vanguard in a couple of hours. If you have any other locations, let us know in the comments below!