D3ALS scans numerous daily deal websites during every minute of every day. It aggregates all the deals on to one helpful website and every morning it will send out one email for every location it lists. These emails contain up to 75 deals for each location - it is only possible to send 75 deals to ensure that the emails get through the relevant filters; but you can always come to the D3als website directly at any time to see all the deals available. Indeed, it is always a good idea to check the D3als website as there are always new deals being added throughout the day. Each location has one email every day - but you can subscribe to as many locations as you want.Everybody loves a daily deal; which is why deal of the day websites have exploded in popularity in recent years. However, with so many daily deals to choose from keeping on top of all the latest offers has been almost impossible - until now.That's because D3ALS.ie has arrived - an online daily deals aggregator that puts all of the daily deals available from major websites across Ireland in one place.From Groupon.ie to Livingsocial.com; and from Dealrush to Grabone.ie; D3ALS.ie collects daily deals from all of the major daily deal websites in Ireland. So all you have to do is search based on the city you're interested in - and it will show you every deal of the day available in that area from across all of the websites in its listings; as well as national deals if they are applicable.You can even sign up for the D3ALS.ie email so that all of the latest daily deals are sent to you directly - it's just one email, once a day, and it covers all of the major websites in Ireland.Whether you want restaurant deals, spa package deals, hair deals, family days out, trips abroad or more; you'll find them at D3ALS.ie. Check out the listings now and you're sure to find a daily deal that could save you a significant amount of money on something you love; or offer you a new experience at a bargain price: and the daily deals cost no more here than they do by approaching the websites directly.So what are you waiting for? Now all you need is one website and one email - D3ALS.ie helps you save time and money by finding the offers you need faster.Sign Up For ALL Your Daily Deals in ONE Emailmore infoD3ALS scans numerous daily deal websites during every minute of every day. It aggregates all the deals on to one helpful website and every morning it will send out one email for every location it lists. These emails contain up to 75 deals for each location - it is only possible to send 75 deals to ensure that the emails get through the relevant filters; but you can always come to the D3als website directly at any time to see all the deals available. Indeed, it is always a good idea to check the D3als website as there are always new deals being added throughout the day. Each location has one email every day - but you can subscribe to as many locations as you want.