CaversiaFaction alerts are here! Faction alerts currently supports players entering and leaving your base by any means (walking, teleporting, dying, joining, and quitting). You will also be alerted when an explosion (TNT) affects your territory, whether it be an enemy or your very own members.You can toggle alerts ON/OFF by using "/falert on/off"You can mute/unmute sound notifications by using "/falert mute/unmute"You can now sell sugarcane and cacti in the custom town of Ozenhal for DOUBLE the amount you can sell it for at the market.You can now sell pumpkins and wheat in the customer town of Baronir for DOUBLE the amount you can sell it for at the market. NOTE: Pumpkins cannot be sold at the market.Replaced the grinder system at "/warp grinder" with a new, revised custom coded plugin.Added a mini-event at "/warp grinder," zombie outbreaks will take place randomly, during this time mob damage is enabled. With each kill you manage to earn, you'll receive C50 (or $50). This only applies to zombies that are "on the loose."The cost of a hopper was lowered by 50%. Updated "/warp resources" and "/warp shack" to reflect the new price change on hoppers. ENJOY!It's been awhile since our last news post. I wanted to share some information on our upcoming features with all of you.Economy UpdateOur new system will allow us to set up buy and sell signs for custom items, as well as normal in-game items. This opens many new opportunities for the market.When you open a buy sign you'll have the option to buy one (1), buy half of a stack or buy a full stack of that item. Buy signs are notated with [cBuy].When you open a sell sign you'll be able to sell one (1), sell a stack or sell all of that particular item in your inventory. Sell signs are notated with [cSell]. Talk about convenience!With our economy update comes the introduction of our item based (or "tangible") currency system -- Copper, Silver, Gold and Platinum. Key chests and mobs out in the world will now award item based currency.In order to provide a better experience for our community, we have decided to discontinue our volunteer staff positions. We feel our community will become more united without the separation of staff positions. It goes without saying that we greatly appreciate everything our staff has done for us and our community.Support will now be provided through our forums rather than in-game chat. We feel this will keep in-game chat less cluttered and help keep our community focused on playing Minecraft.