Monsignor Corrado BalducciVatican theologian-Interview on Italian television"We can no longer think... is it true? Is it not true? Are they truths or are they lies--if we believe or if we don't believe--no! There are already numerous considerations which make the existence of these beings [extraterrestrials] into a certainty we cannot doubt."Former Special Assistant to the Executive Director of the CIA Victor Marchetti: How the CIA Views the UFO Phenomenon, Second Look, Vol. 1, No. 7, Washington, D.C. (5/1979) -- "We have, indeed, been contacted -- perhaps even visited -- by extraterrestrial beings, and the US government, in collusion with the other national powers of the Earth, is determined to keep this information from the general public."Deputy Chief of the Royal Belgian Air Force Major-General Wilfred de Brouwer: "Postface" in SOBEPS' Vague d'OVNI sur la Belgique - Un Dossier Exceptionnel, Brussels: SOBEPS (1991) -- "In any case, the Air Force has arrived to the conclusion that a certain number of anomalous phenomena has been produced within Belgian airspace. The numerous testimonies of ground observations compiled in this [SOBEPS] book, reinforced by the reports of the night of March 30-31 [1990], have led us to face the hypothesis that a certain number of unauthorized aerial activities have taken place. Until now, not a single trace of aggressiveness has been signaled; military or civilian air traffic has not been perturbed nor threatened. We can therefore advance that the presumed activities do not constitute a direct menace.""The day will come undoubtedly when the phenomenon will be observed with technological means of detection and collection that won't leave a single doubt about its origin. This should lift a part of the veil that has covered the mystery for a long time. A mystery that continues to the present. But it exists, it is real, and that in itself is an important conclusion."Japan's Top Government Spokesperson, Chief Cabinet Secretary Nobutaka Machimura and Japan's Defense Minister, Shigeru Ishiba : Beliefs and Concerns about UFOs - Japan's top government spokesperson: UFO's definitely exist. Chief Cabinet Secretary Nobutaka Machimura said to reporters on December 18, 2007, "I definitely believe they (UFOs) exist."3 days later Japan's Defence Minister Shigeru Ishiba considers how his Self Defence Forces could respond to an attack by space aliens while adhering to limits on military action under the country's war-renouncing Constitution. "There are no grounds for us to deny there are unidentified flying objects and some lifeform that controls them", Ishiba said. "Few discussions have been held on what the legal grounds are" for military response. (Bloomberg) by Stuart BiggsSworn Affidavit by a Lieutenant Walter Haut concerning his experience of the 1947 UFO crash AT Roswell, NM:Lt. Walter Haut, public relations officer at Roswell Army Air Field in 1947 left a sworn affidavit concerning his experience with the Roswell UFO crash in 1947. His sworn affidavit was only to be opened after his death. Haut died in December 2005 and sometime in June of 2007 the text contained therein had been released. He describes seeing the UFO and the occupants consisting of alien bodies as well as a high-level meeting with Col. William Blanchard and General Roger Ramey, Commander of the Eighth Army Air Force.Astronaut Scott Carpenter"At no time, when the astronauts were in space were they alone: there was a constant surveillance by UFOs." ~ Astronaut Scott Carpenter - Carpenter photographed a UFO while in orbit on May 24, 1962. NASA still has not released the photograph to the public.Buzz Aldrin on Fox News"We just about could have said, 'Look, we see a UFO out the window going along with us.' You know what would have happened? The public would have gone crazy! We were smart enough to say, 'Where is the upper stage rocket? We think we might be looking at that out the window."Colonel Joseph J. Bryan IIIFounding member of the CIA's psychological warfare staff, advisor to NATO"These UFOs are interplanetary devices systematically observing the Earth, either manned or under remote control, or both."President Jimmy CarterInterview following his sighting of a UFO at Leary, Georgia - October 1969"It was the darndest thing I've ever seen. It was big, it was very bright, it changed colors, and it was about the size of the moon. A red and green glowing orb radiated as it hurtled across the southwestern Georgia skies. We watched it for ten minutes, but none of us could figure out what it was. One thing's for sure: I'll never make fun of people who say they've seen unidentified flying objects in the sky."