We won't rest until we achieve full marriage equalityWe're at a critical point for marriage equality. We've made historic progress, but as each day of marriage inequality passes in a number of states harm is done to thousands of loving, committed same-sex couples and their families. We won't rest until we achieve full marriage equality because #LoveCantWait.Sign HRC's pledge in support of marriage equality for the couples making history today and for couples like Lennie and Pearl who want to join the millions of Americans who support marriage equality in the United States – because love can't wait.ADD YOUR NAME:Love Can't WaitMillions of Americans are currently waiting in limbo for full nationwide marriage equality.I strongly believe that all Americans are created equal and should therefore be entitled to marry whom they love. Couples and families should not be left to suffer from the heartbreak that results from same-sex marriage bans.If only nationwide marriage equality were a reality, perhaps the outcome would have been different...For Stacey and Lesly -- a couple who suffered together as Lesly bravely battled cancer and recited their vows only days before Lesly's untimely death. Despite Lesly's 25 years of employment at FedEx, Stacey was denied access to her pension plan since their home state did not recognize same-sex marriage at the time.For Paul and David -- who were denied their final moments together because an Alabama hospital did not legally acknowledge their Massachusetts marriage. When David was involved in a car accident, Paul rushed to be at his side but was turned away by the hospital and provided no information on David's condition. To the hospital, they were legally strangers. Following David's death, his death certificate listed him as "single."For Nivia and Jessica -- a Marine corporal and her expectant wife whose marriage is recognized by the military, but not in the state of North Carolina where Nivia is stationed. Once Jessica gives birth to the couple's baby at the on-base hospital, Nivia will have no parental rights because the state does not consider the couple married. In the event something were to happen to Jessica, there is no guarantee that Nivia would be granted custody of her own child.These are real lives. These are real families. These are just a few of the Americans who are left to suffer the consequences of refusing to grant nationwide marriage equality. How much longer must they suffer?I am pledging my support to join the millions of others who firmly believe that the time for marriage equality is now.