GameTimePA.com poll: 54 percent of area high school coaches in favor of basketball shot clockArea coaches nearly split on whether Pennsylvania should adopt a shot clock; PIAA official doesn't see one comingLocal coaches and administrators weigh in on whether a shot clock should be implemented in high school basketball leagues, as it is already used in college and professional sports. (Jeff Lautenberger — For The Daily Record/Sunday News)A shot clock sits atop each of the two backboards inside the gymnasium at Spring Grove Area High School.Boys' basketball coach James Brooks looked up to one Tuesday night before disclosing their current purpose."They turn them on for wrestling," he said.Brooks would like to see them used for what they were designed to do: run down from 35 seconds at the start of each possession or time the ball hits the rim. Unlike professional, college and AAU basketball, the use of a shot clock is debatable in high school basketball.A survey of 37 high school basketball coaches in York and Adams counties found that 20 were in favor of adopting a shot clock in Pennsylvania. A handful of states, including New York and California, use a shot clock despite the National Federation of State High School Associations consistently voting down proposals to add it.In neighboring Maryland — which is broken into the private and public associations — there is a mix. The private Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association uses a 35-second shot clock. The public MPSSAA uses a 30-second clock for girls but not boys."There hasn't been enough in favor of it here because of the expense," said PIAA Chief Operating Officer Mark Byers, who oversees basketball. "Unless the national federation were to adopt it, I don't think there's enough support to do so.""I like the game the way it is," he said. "I'm not in favor of a shot clock. It would be a cost to districts, there's no doubt about that."AdvertisementSuch costs can reach $2,000 after installation. While Spring Grove is unique in having a shot clock, the Hilda Goodling Impact Academy in York uses one for its prep team.Impact athletic director David Archer, who coaches the boys' high school team at the school, is among the area coaches in favor of a shot clock. Seeing it used for the prep team, Archer said students at the school are accustomed to running that clock — which for most schools would require an additional operator from the standard game clock."From a management side, it's going to be difficult because people don't understand the rule," Archer said. "One of the biggest things you have to do is teach the rule — ball hits the rim, shot clock resets."Opinions on the topic differ like personalities and styles of the area's basketball teams. Coaches who run methodical offenses mostly are against the idea. Some said the lack of a shot clock allows for slow-down tactics to even the playing field for smaller or less-talented teams.Examples for such situations arise in league tournaments, when Class AA schools can match up against AAAA opponents.One area coach pointed out that not every high school player intends to play in college. Of last season's YAIAA tournament finalists, one of the seven now graduated seniors on Central York and William Penn are still playing basketball beyond high school (Central's Royce Clemens walked on to Penn State's volleyball team and two others play soccer). Only two seniors from last year's girls' title game between Dover and York Catholic are playing in college.Others, including Brooks and Red Lion girls' coach Don Dimoff, said they would coach differently if there was a shot clock."You can do things just to make them eat up a lot of time on the shot clock," New Oxford girls' coach Mike Sanders said.The end result would force a bad shot — and likely more of them — which can appeal to defensive-minded coaches.On the boys' side, William Penn's Troy Sowers and Northeastern's Jon Eyster are in favor of a clock but have used the absence of one to their advantage in late-game situations.Sowers' Bearcats won a district title last year by running down about a minute of the clock for a last-second shot. Players weaved around the perimeter, keeping the ball safe from Cedar Crest defenders before Kristopher Johnson took a few steps inside the 3-point arc for the winning shot."It would take some strategy out of the game, but it would also add some strategy to create good shots with time running out," Eyster said. "How many times would your team be able to execute and create a good shot? I think we'll see it. I just don't know when."The question of a shot clock was one of five questions posed to area coaches. Here is a further breakdown of the other four topics:Does the district and state format need fixing?While 21 of 36 coaches like the current format — a ratings system, classifications based on school size and consolation games to qualify for the PIAA tourney — concerns varied.Some question if private schools should receive a different set of standards for classification, considering they do not pull in students from one specific area.Others would like to see the state brackets altered."I just don't like that District 3 always seems to play District 1 or 12 (Philadelphia area) in the first and second round," York Catholic boys' coach Ryan Luckman said.Should YAIAA boys' and girls' games be on the same night?Twenty-three of 34 coaches like the YAIAA's current scheduling format, which has boys' and girls' teams playing on the same night at opposite sites."If a parent had a boy and girl playing the same night, I can see the con," Dover girls' coach Marley Klunk said.Two of her players, Rayah and Rajah Fink, have older brother Najah on the boys' team. At Central York, siblings Sam and Emma Saxton rarely see each other play as members of their varsity teams.Such a dilemma for families can be alleviated by boys' and girls' doubleheaders at the same school, which rivals Red Lion and Dallastown have tried for the past few seasons. Red Lion girls' coach Don Dimoff said he would like to see more of them, which draw bigger crowds rather than splitting a fan base between genders.Should players use Twitter?Twenty-one of 37 coaches are OK with their players using Twitter. Many said they have team rules for use of social media.Fouls in check?In addition to these five topics, coaches also provided additional suggestions they believe would improve the high school game. A hot topic is hand checking."I'd like to have a six-foul rule," Delone Catholic girls' coach Gerry Eckenrode said. "Since the days of James Naismith, the game has gotten a lot more physical. The way they're calling the game with a hand check, I'd like the kids to get another foul."Contact Matt Goul at 771-2045.How they votedWe asked regional coaches a series of hot-topic questions on YAIAA basketball. Here's how they responded:Should Pennsylvania adopt a 35-second shot clock?54.1 percent of 37 coaches said yes11 of 21 boys' coaches said NO10 of 16 girls' coaches said yesDo you like the current district and state format?58.3 percent of 36 coaches said yes12 of 21 boys' coaches said yes9 of 15 girls' coaches said yesDo you like YAIAA boys' and girls' games being played on the same night?67.6 percent of 34 coaches said yes13 of 20 boys' coaches said yes10 of 14 girls' coaches said yesShould players use Twitter?56.7 percent of 37 coaches said yes12 of 21 boys' coaches said yes9 of 16 girls' coaches said yesDo you believe coaches within District 3 recruit?72.7 percent of 33 coaches said yes13 of 17 boys' coaches said yes11 of 16 girls' coaches said yesQuotableKey quotes on the shot clock debate"The idea of a shot clock takes away a possible advantage for an undermanned team. Those that don't have as much talent as their opponent can use the slow-down-the-game tactic."- Ryan Luckman, York Catholic boys' coach"I think it would make the game cleaner at the end and just allow you to play good, hard defense to make a stop. Right now, down one with a minute to go, you might eventually have to foul."- Troy Sowers, William Penn boys' coach"From a management side, it's going to be difficult because people don't understand the rule. One of the biggest thing you have to do is teach the rule - ball hits the rim, shot clock resets."- David Archer, whose prep team at Impact uses a shot clock"If you have anybody on your team that's looking to be in the college level, they're going to have to understand how to run an offense and get it done in a certain amount of time."- James Brooks, Spring Grove boys' coach"It won't happen because of cost. It would change the game tremendously because, in a way, you are coaching against the clock defensively."- Mike Sanders, New Oxford girls' coach"It would take some strategy out of the game, but it would also add some strategy to create good shots with time running out. How many times would your team be able to execute and create a good shot? I think we'll see it. I just don't know when."- Jon Eyster, Northeastern boys' coach"If the girls' want to play in college, that prepares them."- Marley Klunk, Dover girls' coach and former Dominican College player"I would coach completely different if there was a shot clock."- Don Dimoff, Red Lion girls' coach"There hasn't been enough in favor of it here because of the expense. Unless that national federation (NFHS) were to adopt it, I don't think there's enough support to do so."- Mark Byers, PIAA chief operating officer"The game's evolved into a much faster, stronger, physical game. It's almost a moot point.""I'd like to have a six foul rule. Since the days of James Naismith, the game has gotten a lot more physical. The way they're calling the game with a hand check, I'd like the kids to get another foul."- Gerry Eckenrode, Delone Catholic girls' coach"Being a former college coach, I thought the biggest adjustment for freshmen was learning how to run primary breaks into secondary breaks into shot-clock situations."