I'm Political Economy editor at Forbes, editor of RealClearMarkets.com, plus a senior economic advisor to Toreador Research & Trading. I have book on how the economy works, Popular Economics: What LeBron James, the Rolling Stones and Downton Abbey Can Teach You About Economics that is set for release in April of 2015. I have a weekly column on Mondays at Forbes.com.Detroit Is Dying Because GM Stuck Around, New York City Booms Because Nabisco Did NotSeattle’s economy too was once defined by manufacturing, but by the early ‘70s much of its production base had departed for – yes – cheap labor locales. This was a huge positive. Indeed, what’s too often forgotten is that investors create all the jobs, and while factory work once brought with it a desirable wage, nowadays factory pay in countries like China pays the daily equivalent of what would buy a Starbucks latte. Investors have deemed factory work unworthy of most Americans’ abilities. Growing cities haven’t nor do they pay much mind to the outflow of manufacturing work simply because the compensation for it is so lousy.Back to Seattle, while manufacturing work to some degree dried up by the ‘70s, this didn’t signal the city’s decline. Soon enough Seattle natives Bill Gates and Paul Allen relocated Microsoft there from Albuquerque, NM, and the city’s fortunes took off. Microsoft employs countless residents, but even that doesn’t tell the full story. That high-paying tech jobs at Microsoft replaced manufacturing work led to a huge jobs multiplier as investment bankers, roofers, lawyers, yoga instructors and baristas rushed into the jewel of the Pacific Northwest in order to meet the needs of Microsoft’s (now Amazon too, among others) rather flush base of employees.What about cities like Flint and Detroit? They’re not crumbling monuments to the past because the Big Three automakers aren’t doing well, or because the Big Three are not creating enough factory jobs; rather both cities struggle precisely because the Big Three are doing well enough that they still create jobs in Michigan at all. Counterintuitive as this may seem, the sad fact that local and national politicians have propped up GM and Chrysler in order to “save jobs” explains why Michigan’s once important cities are doing so poorly, all the while driving away their best and brightest. As I write in my upcoming book, Popular Economics, to create lots of quality jobs we must constantly be destroying the work of the past.To understand why, we need only return to New York. Nabisco once again used to have factories in New York, and used to create manufacturing jobs in Manhattan, but those jobs have long since gone elsewhere. Thank goodness. Does anyone want to imagine how much poorer and how much less vibrant New York’s economy would be if it were still a manufacturing hub? If Nabisco’s factories hadn’t been replaced by Google and other futuristic companies? The answer is obvious.Just the same, the riddle to Detroit’s struggles is similarly easy to solve. This formerly advanced city is still clinging to work that America’s richest cities years ago waved goodbye to. Cities like New York thrive precisely because they don’t live in the past, while Detroit continues to implode precisely because it does.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.CommentsInteresting theory: clear-cut the decaying, old-growth forest to repopulate with young, faster-growing trees. How does this explain Youngstown, Akron and St. Louis and numerous other rust belt cities with no periods of regrowth?Goatrope – It’s hard to say, but I’m wondering if St. Louis suffered in a relative sense for AB and other breweres continuing to manufacture there? I’ve heard and read that STL is one of the least welcoming cities to newcomers, so it’s arguable there that entrepreneurs looked elsewhere? Still, it’s a good question. As for Youngstown, I must say I don’t know. JohnI live in St. Louis and I can honestly say it is the political upper class that has continually destroyed us here. We have had some growth in recent years, but it all comes from outside the walls, like St. Charles and what not.Bravo, Mr. Tamny. Well said. Those who cry out for more jobs that pay a living wage are begging to be poor, though they do not realize it. This is the 21st Century and commerce needs to adapt to the forward-moving conditions and get rid of the dead wood to flourish and create meaningful positions. Looking ahead 50 years is what is needed, not looking back 50 years to what was and is no longer or should no longer be. However, our politicians enjoy the game of Divide and Conquer to hang on to their cushy jobs which has pitted the have nots against the haves. Politicians know their constituents well. It is a shame because that philosophy has proven short-sighted and stunting for all Americans. Anyway, I appreciate your piece.Domino – Thank you very much. Interesting to me here is that I think it’s often the case that the average voter is well ahead of the politician when it comes to jobs. Figure they don’t always wait around to be made redundant, rather they migrate to where the job action is. For decades California took in the ambitious from elsewhere, it still does, Las Vegas does to a degree, and then some cities repel them. Politicians would arguably do better by watching the outflow of people. As for companies, don’t coddle them, don’t try to save that which the markets don’t like, but also don’t create a difficult operating environment.In my humble opinion, there was no way to save Detroit. The unions doomed the auto industry because of an antiquated pay system. American companies can’t be competitive because they are top-heavy with pension debt.I tend to disagree. England in the early 19th century under massive amounts of debt, then it liberalized its economy. Debts and deficits are overrated. Seattle was once Detroit, then Bill Gates and Paul Allen returned only to transform it. That could be Detroit. Things change, and nothing is permanent.Creative destruction needs to be allowed to happen. It is the natural course of business. The article points out some examples. No bigger example the FDR attempting to save the small family farming business with his policies. Spent a lot of money trying to save a dying industry and made things worse. Those farms were on the way and are all but gone today, but we are far better off with a much smaller % of our population dedicated to food production.Excellent points you make. Cities like Boston and Seattle have thrived on one tech no wave after another. Michigan has several high level universities and could do the same. Of course, manufacturing cars also requires a lot of high tech as well. So I’m not sure that your thesis completely explains the problems of Detroit.“…the Big Three are doing well enough that they still create jobs…” “…to create lots of quality jobs we must constantly…” “…and used to create manufacturing jobs in Manhattan…”John Tamny is a wonderful orator & writer; and a person whose head is securely attached.But what is up with this fantasy notion that “jobs are created”, or that business are “job creators?” I beg to differ. These are Orwellian terms that were co-opted by the mainstream media long ago. May I avail upon you to please stop using them? Here’s why:Employers don’t create jobs, John, they simply hire people in order to fulfill their desire and the market’s demand for more labor. Neither government nor private industry “creates jobs”. That’s right — in a free country the “Market” creates jobs. It is simply a result of Adam Smith’s “Invisible Hand” at work, with no need to praise or vilify anyone. Entrepreneurs and business owners are “business creators” and wealth producers”, not job creators. Saying that business owners “create jobs” is as ridiculous as saying that business owners “destroy jobs”.So please, quit using those terms that were “created” by those propagandists in the mainsteam media. It just gives them the home field advantage.Demand for products and/or services creates the need for those products and/or services. Business people determine how best to serve that demand. That may be to produce in the US, in North America, in Europe, in Asia, etc. based hopefully on the total landed cost and quality needed to make the sale at a price the consumer will pay. That “production” may require a combination of full time and part time employees as well as possibly outsourcing certain elements of the production sub assembly cycle. I am not sure John Tammy has been to Detroit lately and seen what the public/private partnerships have been doing in Detroit WITHOUT the assistance of the troubled city government. Many companies have been doing just what New York has with high-tech jobs and services. Dan Gilbert has purchased and retrofitted over 60 buildings in downtown Detroit to bring in new vibrant retail, office, and multifamily housing. He has added thousands of new jobs to support the growing demand for services his company Quicken Loans supplies. Other private sector companies have been at work doing the same. Sure Detroit still has problems but it is not the disaster it once was and has somewhat of a new beginning. People do not realize that the land area of Detroit is over 140 square miles. The population could probably fit in 50 square miles. That leaves 100 square miles of “rural” Detroit requiring utilities, fire & police protection, public transit, road repairs/show plowing, etc. The population does not exist that can pay for that infrastructure. The city needs to “shrink” to survive but have you tried to relocate someone from the home they have lived in for 20, 30, 40 years to get them “closer” with affordable housing to the New Detroit? Not an easy task.