From The PS3 Repairshop Of Mr. Peter Williams Certified Playstation Repairman since 1998Dear PS3 Owner,I face frustrated customers on a daily basis as they come to my repairshop with their PS3's. Not only are my customers frustrated but they're really angry about their PS3's being broken. The most common PS3 problems I face on a daily basis is the Yellow Loght of death, The Red Light, The Green Light and the Red Screen. As if these errors weren't enough people exprience all kinds of PS3 error codes such as PS3 error code 8001050f.To make matters worse sony ain't doing anything to help solve these PS3 problems, all they do is keep charging a $200 fee and let you wait for 6 weeks, as if that wasn't enough recently a friend of mine was charged $300 for the yellow light of death error.Sony is a rip-off and I'm hoping that this website will ease the pain for many PS3 owners out there.Even after you fork out $200-$300 to sony for repairs sony gives no guarantees whatsoever that the error won't happen again in the near future and when it does happen again you have no choice but to pay yet anouther $200-$300 to get your PS3 repaired a 2nd time.This just isn't fair, you've bought your PS3 to play games and have fun not to face problems! But worry no more, I've started this website to help people like yourself solve their PS3 problems for good.I'm going to show you simple and fast ways through which you can have your PS3 back to the way it was before the errors.>Stop Looking Around For A Fix! This website will solve your PS3 problems FAST!No need to worry and have sleepless nights, you'll be able fix your PS3 for good!Don't risk your life with dangerous methods to fix your PS3!You don't need to worry "what if I get errors again" as the PS3 Manual is yours to keep!Hi! My name is Peter Williams.I'm a PS3 repairman by profession and I've been running my own playstation repairshop since 1998. I've been repairing playstations for 13 years now, but lately PS3 has been the main focus of my business as that's what most people have in their homes. Also another reason I'm getting so much PS3's in for repair is the fact that PS3 seems to have a particular problem which is very common amongst PS3 owners...The most common problems have to do with the PS3 lights: PS3 Yellow Light Of Death PS3 Flashing/Blinking Red Light Of Death Flashing/Blinking PS3 Green Light Of Death PS3 Red Screen Of DeathThe good news is all these problems aren't difficult to fix and can easily be repaired at home.The choice is yours by getting the PS3 Manual today you'll not only save money and fix your PS3 but you'll also have access to it for life, which means you can refer back to the PS3 Manual in the even that some other error strikes your PS3 in the future.We Use The Exact Same Methods Used By Sony... Not only is the PS3 Manual safe and secure but it is the only manual of it's kind and cannot be found anywhere else. The PS3 Manual is your only source to the exact methods used by the developers of PS3, Sony!You Don't Even Need Special Equipment, Here's All You need...>Toothpaste (You already have on in your bathroom)A PC or Mac (Simply to access the manual or you can print it out)Internet Connection (Since you're reading this you've got it)A Screwdriver (Flathead and Philips will do the job)Best Of All You Don't Have To Wait 6 Weeks...Why on earth would you wait 6 weeks for Sony to repair and send back your PS3? There's no reason to as the PS3 Manual will enable you to repair your PS3 in just 1 hour!Save your money no need to pay $200-$300 to Sony...The repairing of your PS3 should be covered by Sony's guarantee but it isn't, sony will still demand that you pay them $200-$300 for the repairs. You might even end up receiving someone else's PS3 after the repair!This is what you'll get access to with the PS3 Manual:Step by step videos that'll take you by the hand and guide you through the whole repair process!The main PS3 Manual with over 180 pages of detailed instructions and pictures!Access to the special forum for members only!No need for expensive equipment as all you need is a toothpaste, computer, internet connection and a common screw driver.24/7 and Life Time support, if you need help with your repair or understanding the repair instructions simply contact us and we'll make sure your problems are solved swiftly by myself and my dedicated team of PS3 technicians.The repair takes just 1 hour, start playing your favorite PS3 games in just one hour!I Guarantee that the PS3 Manual will solve your PS3 problems! But if for any reason it doesn't you can ask for a refund THE SAME DAY! When you order right now you'll get a 60 day no questions asked money back guarantee, you simply can't lose!Looking forward to hearing your success story,Peter Williams PS3 Repairshop owner and author of the PS3 Manual!>Yes, I Just Have To Have ThisIncredible Guide!Pay Only $37!It's Easy To Order...Click The Button Below To Order!P.S. This guide is only available for $37 for a limited time. Do not assume that you can come back later and own this course for the same price.P.P.S - You still have the 8-week 100% Risk-Free Guarantee, so avoid the anxiety of worrying when the price will go up and order now!"This site and the products and services offered on this site are not associated, affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Sony Playstation, nor have they been reviewed tested or certified by Sony Playstation."