In order to be more accurate, DuVernay fleshed it out with the important women who bolstered the movement — the women who helped shape important world events, but get lost in the narrow, unforgiving filter of time.Everyone knows the boldfaced icons of the civil rights movement: MLK, Jr. and Malcolm X. However, there are so many names deserving of praise.While some women loom large in the canon — Coretta Scott King and Rosa Parks among them — there are many whose voices and actions were just as powerful.8 female civil rights leaders1. Dorothy HeightDubbed the "godmother of the civil rights movement" by President Obama in 2010, Dorothy Height was a leader to be reckoned with. President of the National Council for Negro Women for 40 years, Height was a contemporary of Martin Luther King, Jr., even standing on the stage as he gave his iconic "I Have a Dream" speech in 1963. She was also a staunch feminist, organizing workshops to assist freedom schools and provide for low-income families.Image: AP Photo/David Kohl/Associated Press2. Diane NashDiane Nash was a founding member of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee in 1960. She coordinated and monitored lunch counter sit-ins and freedom rides. Nash was also one of the organizers who brought MLK, Jr. to Montogomery, Alabama to support the Riders.Nash was prominently featured in Selma, played by actress Tessa Thompson.Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS/Associated Press3. Amelia BoyntonAn iconic image from Bloody Sunday — the violent attack on civil rights marchers from Selma to Montgomery on Marcy 7, 1965 — is of a black woman beaten unconscious, laying in the street. That woman was Amelia Boynton. Before that day, Boynton and her husband, Samuel, sheltered young activists, such as members of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. She was one of the leaders who convinced MLK, Jr. to come to Selma in the first place (a plotline that's also fleshed out in the film Selma).She was also actually the first African-American woman to run as a Democratic congressional candidate in Alabama. Though she didn't win, she managed to grasp 11% of the vote.Image: AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis/Associated Press4. Daisy BatesA leader who wanted to end segregation in Arkansas, Daisy Bates' most high profile achievement was as the guiding light of the Little Rock Nine. She led the first nine African-American students enrolled in Little Rock Central High School in 1957, after first taking the school to court in 1954 for denying black students, even after the Supreme Court called for an end to segregation. Bates was also the president of the Arkansas State Conference of the NAACP.Image: AP Photo/Ferd Kaufman/Associated Press5. Fannie Lou HamerFamous speeches from the civil rights era tend to begin and end with MLK, Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech. However, Fannie Lou Hamer's testimony at the 1964 Democratic Convention was its own force of nature.The civil rights activist fought for the right to vote, encouraging and recruiting people in her native Mississippi and all throughout the South. At one point, her activism got her arrested and thrown in Montgomery County Jail, where she and her comrades were viciously beaten. She continued on, helping to found the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party, which raised national attention on the deep discrimination in the South.Her true spotlight came at the 1964 convention, where she spoke of her harrowing experiences in Mississippi and chastised leaders for ignoring the way black people were murdered for trying to exercise their rights. "Is this America?" she asked.President Lyndon B. Johnson, not happy about her testimony's potential to stir controversy, called a last-minute press conference that effectively distracted the press and any live TV coverage Hamer was getting. However, his attempt eventually backfired, and Hamer's stirring speech was aired on news programs anyway, sparking big support for the MFDP. Listen to her speech here.Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS/Associated Press6. Jo Ann RobinsonAfter Rosa Parks was arrested for famously not giving up her bus seat, Jo-Ann Robinson jumped in to organize support for the Montgomery Bus Boycotts in 1955. She created thousands of flyers spreading the message of the boycotts to African-Americans all over Alabama. She was a crucial member of the movement, also assisting with the carpools that took people to and from work during the boycotts.7. Yuri KochiyamaImmortalized in a 1965 photo as the woman supporting Malcolm X's head as he lay dying after being shot at a Harlem ballroom, Yuri Kochiyama was an ally and leader in her own right. The Japanese activist met X in 1963 after getting involved in the civil rights movement in Harlem, using her home as a hub for activists. "Our house felt like it was the movement 24/7," her eldest daughter, Audee Kochiyama-Holman, told NPR.Image: AP Photo/Mike Wintroath/Associated Press8. Septima ClarkOnce dubbed the "Mother of the Movement" by none other than Martin Luther King, Jr. himself, Septima Clark was a teacher and leader in the education realm. The South Carolina native began volunteering for the NAACP in 1919, going on to lead civil rights workshops in Tennessee.She worked with Thurgood Marshall on getting equal pay for black teachers, and even accompanied MLK (who simply insisted) to his Nobel Peace Prize ceremony.What's HotMore in WorldWhat's NewWhat's RisingWhat's HotMashable is a leading source for news, information and resources for the Connected Generation. Mashable reports on the importance of digital innovation and how it empowers and inspires people around the world. Mashable's record 42 million unique visitors worldwide and 21 million social media followers are one of the most influential and engaged online communities. Founded in 2005, Mashable is headquartered in New York City with an office in San Francisco.