What Are Your Favorite Romantic Horror Movies?In just under a week, it’s going to be Valentine’s Day, a day where couples show their love and affection that somehow they are unable to convey on the other 364 days of the year. It’s all about flowers, chocolates, romantic candlelit dinners, and crackling fires. But that doesn’t mean there can’t be a scare or two thrown in for good measure.Below are several films that I think easily qualify as a strong mix of horror and romance, ones that very enjoyably mix a great love story with scares. Give them a peek and then let me know which movies you enjoy watching with that special someone!Also, check out a piece I wrote two years ago that addresses what I felt was a strong resentment towards romance in horror. Maybe there’s still something to it?Personally I don’t know if you would consider this a romantic horror film but I think my favorite romantic horror film is probably the fly Remake from the eightiesCappy TallyThe romance in “Bram Stoker’s Dracula” was a load of crap if you ask me. It really makes the film feel disjointed, as it’s a major diversion from the novel that the rest of the film tries to be really faithful to. The film comes to a screeching halt at every love scene.PalkotazCandymanAlphonse“Return of the Living Dead 3.” Also one of my favorite movies in general.Sin NerI feel a little less insane now having seen someone else agree with me lolLeeboWell feel even less insane as someone else agrees too. So feel free to put down the poop.Flu-Like SymptomsDefinitely nothing with Winona Ryder in it.horrorfreak888While not entirely “horror” I would say one of my favorites is Only Lovers Left Alive.Jonathan LarssonShaun of the Dead.SpaceManSpliffz .Boone and Lori from NIGHT BREEDDarkness69Bram Stoker’s Dracula is my favourite movie, not just the “romantic” one. Have you read “Dylan Dog”? I’m asking because, as I’m sure you know, “Cemetery Man” is based on this legendary horror comic book from Italy. I’ve been a fan for more than 20 years (started reading when I was 10), and the main character is always seeking true love. It somehow goes really well with the horror elements, too.WeresmurfLoved Cemetary man so much. But dear god, Dylan Dog, the Brandon Routh one, what were they THINKING?Darkness69I know. It’s as far from the comic book as a film could possibly be. Despite its flaws, Cemetery Man had a lot more DD atmosphere – and Rupert Everett! Although I’m a fan of Brandon Routh, too, at least physically speaking (he pulls off the black jacket and jeans quite well).JURGMANDRUnderworld Rise of the Lycans because Michael Sheen and Rhona Mitra had pretty good chemistry.WeresmurfDracula, Hellraiser, Near Dark.J JettWARM BODIES UNDERWORLD 1 AND 2i know there are more but i can’t think of them at the moment.http://mitchmacready.blogspot.com/ Zombie-KillaUnderworld: Evolution Near Dark Let The Right One In Let Me In (I know the original is GREAT, but Let Me In is easily one of my favorite remakes ever)LeeboGood call on Near Dark. Great, underrated, movie.ThunderDragoonI’d probably go with Interview with the Vampire.CTHLThirst (Park Chan Wook’s)… though I guess you could call that anti-romantic, I’m sayin it anyways.Let The Right One In/Let Me In.The Fly (remake).Skrub TreI don’t know, Dead Snow 2 got reeeaaaaal romantic at the very end, so does than count?Bryant LowZOMBIE HONEYMOON. Despite the meagre budget it’s much like Cronenberg’s THE FLY; a wrenchingly moving and beautifully performed tragic-romantic horror movie.