Do you fancy winning yourself some beautiful stud earrings? In celebration of launching our brand new website, we want to reward all our lovely followers by giving them the chance to win and today we are feeling particularly generous. As it’s something we are really proud of, we are promoting our site to make sure ..Brace yourself! A diamond bracelet can run into the hundreds of thousands, but we know most don’t have the luxury to spend the cost of a house on a piece of jewellery! At Nick Bick most of our jewellery is commissioned and specially designed and our diamonds are sourced in house so no expensive middle ..Prepare-ring So you’re ready to propose to her, and you’ve read our blog on choosing the right engagement ring and you’ve thought of the perfect way to pop the question. Now all that’s left to do is prepare the ring. You want to make it look so irresistible that she won’t be able to say ..Many of my clients have a good idea of what they would like and often set out with a particular item in mind. Before booking a consultation have a look at jewellery items that you like and I can fire over some prices for you. Prices start at £300 for a diamond necklace made with ..So May 2014 saw the French along with some very glamourous celebrities celebrate the Cannes Film Festival. However, when looking through the red carpet snaps, we noticed a trend starting to emerge… Dangling Diamond Earrings. Rosie Huntington Whitely glided on the red carpet in her sleek Gucci Premiere gown set off by her gorgeous De ..So this year has seen a few trends emerging and a surprisingly popular gift option that keeps reappearing is something that no man should be without… Cufflinks. Cufflinks are an old trusty favourite and it’s not hard to see why! They are classy, sophisticated and come in endless styles and shapes. Top tips – 1. ..Without being biased, April’s birthstone is a definite favourite of mine out of all of the birth gems. That’s because it’s one of the strongest, sparkliest and most classic out there – and basically what I live for.. #Diamonds You must know by now that I am London’s local #DiamondGeezer so I am quite knowledgeable ..Finding jewellery online can be a very quick and easy process. There is a wider selection as you can just click from one site to the next and you don’t even have to leave the comfort of your own home. Competitive prices are another plus for purchasing Jewels with a computer, however it’s easy to ..This blog is dedicated to our March babies as it’s all about their birthstone, Aquamarine. As it’s name suggests, Aquamarine is sea-blue colour but can a light blue to a deeper blue-green, depending on the shade and size. Usually, the larger the aquamarine gem, the stronger the colour intensity. Due to it’s light, ocean tones, ..We have a cracking deal ready for all those love birds! Nick Bick has slashed the prices of his top selling WHITE GOLD studs with 2ct worth of precious stones from £65 to £40! Thats INCLUDING postage and packaging! Get your own piece of sparkle from celebrity jeweller and all round diamond geezer for this ..First of all, happy birthday for this month, January babies! Now you probably already know that Garnet is your birthstone but do you know what exactly it symbolises or anything else about it for that matter? Don’t worry, I’m here to tell you. The name Garnet derives from the Latin word for Pomegranate as it ..Congratulations, she said yes! Now you’re engaged, we bet you’re both guarding your rings as though your life depended on it! After all, they are probably the most expensive piece of jewellery you’ll buy for a while. However we have a simple way of protecting your rings, rather than continuing to suffer those mini heart ..‘On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me… a partridge in a pear tree?!’ Seriously, who would want a pet partridge? And let me tell you now, shrubbery is not a gift anyone wants to receive for Christmas! So instead of listening to old carols for inspiration, check out Nick Bick’s ..At Nick Bick HQ we know how suited Nick is for TV and at last the BBC called and asked him to appear in a starring role….ok maybe not quite like that…. But we do see him featured in The Apprentice tomorrow night at 9pm on BBC 1! Make sure you tune in and see ..For years the pocket watch has been an integral part of English Culture not to mention men’s fashion too! It has developed from a simple contraption which has been used in many careers over the centuries to a flashy elaborate accessory. Guaranteed this versatile object can suit all tastes from vintage-lovers to country bumpkins. As ..Are you clued up on your diamond did-you-knows? Do you have lots of questions regarding rocks and gems? Not to worry, Mr Nick Bick is like a fountain of knowledge and luckily he’s happy to share some amazing facts! Did You Know? In 1905 the largest diamond on Earth was discovered. It was the Cullinan ..Prepare-ring So you’re ready to propose to her, and you’ve read our blog on choosing the right engagement ring and you’ve thought of the perfect way to pop the question. Now all that’s left to do is prepare the ring. You want to make it look so irresistible that she won’t be able to say ..Nick Bick LOVES a competition…in fact he just loves giving stuff away (we are not complaining!) So every month we will be putting all the people who have signed up to our email list into a prize drawer to win a pair of white gold and gemstone studs! Its so easy to enter, just take ..Its Official NickBick.com is live! We just want to say a huge thank you to all those involved with the new site and re-branding of Nick Bick. We are now in the process if setting up some amazing competitions and having a VIP launch party with some of Nick Bick’s top clients. Pretty Spesh! For ..Diamond rings are Nicks top best seller, from £1k Engagement rings to £250k heirlooms! Price is very much the last thing to be discussed, firstly you need to make sure you are buying a ring you love or you know your partner would. Nick Bick will help your design the ring that is right for ..Many of my clients have a good idea of what they would like and often set out with a particular item in mind. Before booking a consultation have a look at jewellery items that you like and I can fire over some prices for you. Prices start at £300 for a diamond necklace made with ..Brace yourself! A diamond bracelet can run into the hundreds of thousands, but we know most don’t have the luxury to spend the cost of a house on a piece of jewellery! At Nick Bick most of our jewellery is commissioned and specially designed and our diamonds are sourced in house so no expensive middle ..A classic diamond necklace is the staple of every girls jewellery box! At Nick Bick most of our jewellery is commissioned and specially designed. However, we can source pieces like the ones shown below or for those wanting something a little more extravagant look at the Instagram page for some recent purchases by some of my ..On the hunt for a pair of diamond earrings? At Nick Bick most of our jewellery is commissioned and specially designed. However we can source pieces like the ones shown below. Prices start at £300 for a diamond pair of studs made with white gold and extremely good quality diamonds. Click on a picture below ..So Christmas is just around the corner an boy, did it come quick… but before we go all winter wonderland on you, we’re keeping the romantic memories alive from the earlier months of the year by reflecting on some beautiful celebrity marriages and engagements. First on our list is Ashlee Simpson and Evan Ross who ..Do you fancy winning yourself some beautiful stud earrings? In celebration of launching our brand new website, we want to reward all our lovely followers by giving them the chance to win and today we are feeling particularly generous. As it’s something we are really proud of, we are promoting our site to make sure ..October has two birth stones associated to it, which is great news for those who love jewellery, it means you have an excuse to buy two pieces! We give you the lowdown to the gemstones you should be sporting if your an October baby…. Opal The name opal derives from the Greek Opallos, meaning “to see a change ..We are running a quick and easy competition where you can win a gorgeous pair of white gold and Amethyst earrings. To enter is simple. Pop over to our Facebook page Like our Facebook Page Mr Nick Bick Share the image of the Amethyst earrings The rules are as follows: Anyone can enter ..There’s a craze that has been hitting the gifting world and it’s an idea that we love! The push present. A push present or ‘baby bauble’ is a gift from a father to a mother to mark the occasion of her giving birth to their child. There’s no real routine when it comes to passing over ..