Joseph E. Stiglitz, a Nobel laureate in economics and University Professor at Columbia University, was Chairman of President Bill Clinton’s Council of Economic Advisers and served as Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the World Bank. His most recent book, co-authored with Bruce Greenwald, is&nbs… read moreA Greek Morality TaleNEW YORK – When the euro crisis began a half-decade ago, Keynesian economists predicted that the austerity that was being imposed on Greece and the other crisis countries would fail. It would stifle growth and increase unemployment – and even fail to decrease the debt-to-GDP ratio. Others – in the European Commission, the European Central Bank, and a few universities – talked of expansionary contractions. But even the International Monetary Fund argued that contractions, such as cutbacks in government spending, were just that – contractionary.We hardly needed another test. Austerity had failed repeatedly, from its early use under US President Herbert Hoover, which turned the stock-market crash into the Great Depression, to the IMF “programs” imposed on East Asia and Latin America in recent decades. And yet when Greece got into trouble, it was tried again.Greece largely succeeded in following the dictate set by the “troika” (the European Commission the ECB, and the IMF): it converted a primary budget deficit into a primary surplus. But the contraction in government spending has been predictably devastating: 25% unemployment, a 22% fall in GDP since 2009, and a 35% increase in the debt-to-GDP ratio. And now, with the anti-austerity Syriza party’s overwhelming election victory, Greek voters have declared that they have had enough.So, what is to be done? First, let us be clear: Greece could be blamed for its troubles if it were the only country where the troika’s medicine failed miserably. But Spain had a surplus and a low debt ratio before the crisis, and it, too, is in depression. What is needed is not structural reform within Greece and Spain so much as structural reform of the eurozone’s design and a fundamental rethinking of the policy frameworks that have resulted in the monetary union’s spectacularly bad performance.Greece has also once again reminded us of how badly the world needs a debt-restructuring framework. Excessive debt caused not only the 2008 crisis, but also the East Asia crisis in the 1990s and the Latin American crisis in the 1980s. It continues to cause untold suffering in the US, where millions of homeowners have lost their homes, and is now threatening millions more in Poland and elsewhere who took out loans in Swiss francs.Given the amount of distress brought about by excessive debt, one might well ask why individuals and countries have repeatedly put themselves into this situation. After all, such debts are contracts – that is, voluntary agreements – so creditors are just as responsible for them as debtors. In fact, creditors arguably are more responsible: typically, they are sophisticated financial institutions, whereas borrowers frequently are far less attuned to market vicissitudes and the risks associated with different contractual arrangements. Indeed, we know that US banks actually preyed on their borrowers, taking advantage of their lack of financial sophistication.Every (advanced) country has realized that making capitalism work requires giving individuals a fresh start. The debtors’ prisons of the nineteenth century were a failure – inhumane and not exactly helping to ensure repayment. What did help was to provide better incentives for good lending, by making creditors more responsible for the consequences of their decisions.At the international level, we have not yet created an orderly process for giving countries a fresh start. Since even before the 2008 crisis, the United Nations, with the support of almost all of the developing and emerging countries, has been seeking to create such a framework. But the US has been adamantly opposed; perhaps it wants to reinstitute debtor prisons for over indebted countries’ officials (if so, space may be opening up at Guantánamo Bay).The idea of bringing back debtors’ prisons may seem far-fetched, but it resonates with current talk of moral hazard and accountability. There is a fear that if Greece is allowed to restructure its debt, it will simply get itself into trouble again, as will others.This is sheer nonsense. Does anyone in their right mind think that any country would willingly put itself through what Greece has gone through, just to get a free ride from its creditors? If there is a moral hazard, it is on the part of the lenders – especially in the private sector – who have been bailed out repeatedly. If Europe has allowed these debts to move from the private sector to the public sector – a well-established pattern over the past half-century – it is Europe, not Greece, that should bear the consequences. Indeed, Greece’s current plight, including the massive run-up in the debt ratio, is largely the fault of the misguided troika programs foisted on it.So it is not debt restructuring, but its absence, that is “immoral.” There is nothing particularly special about the dilemmas that Greece faces today; many countries have been in the same position. What makes Greece’s problems more difficult to address is the structure of the eurozone: monetary union implies that member states cannot devalue their way out of trouble, yet the modicum of European solidarity that must accompany this loss of policy flexibility simply is not there.Seventy years ago, at the end of World War II, the Allies recognized that Germany must be given a fresh start. They understood that Hitler’s rise had much to do with the unemployment (not the inflation) that resulted from imposing more debt on Germany at the end of World War I. The Allies did not take into account the foolishness with which the debts had been accumulated or talk about the costs that Germany had imposed on others. Instead, they not only forgave the debts; they actually provided aid, and the Allied troops stationed in Germany provided a further fiscal stimulus.When companies go bankrupt, a debt-equity swap is a fair and efficient solution. The analogous approach for Greece is to convert its current bonds into GDP-linked bonds. If Greece does well, its creditors will receive more of their money; if it does not, they will get less. Both sides would then have a powerful incentive to pursue pro-growth policies.Seldom do democratic elections give as clear a message as that in Greece. If Europe says no to Greek voters’ demand for a change of course, it is saying that democracy is of no importance, at least when it comes to economics. Why not just shut down democracy, as Newfoundland effectively did when it entered into receivership before World War II?One hopes that those who understand the economics of debt and austerity, and who believe in democracy and humane values, will prevail. Whether they will remains to be seen.Dear Prof. Stiglitz, all economics aside, you seem to forget that the Greek strategy clearly so far was to live off the Eurozone and not for it. If a government meets 9 times (NINE!) in 2.5 years to solve their problems (for comparison, the German government came together 98 times in the same time frame, not being in crisis mode), then it's simply pretty much hopeless! Economics is one thing, the honest will and determination to solve ones problems is an entirely different one. And that is where Greece has the greatest deficits of all! If anyone thinks that can be left out of the equation, they simply do not understand the psychology of it all. The rest of Europe is no longer willing to support such an attitude, and that attitude is clearly visible, again, again and again and Europe is now determined to draw a finite red line. IF Greek had done, what they had promised, Europe would be willing to support any reform process - but this country has a rare talent to screw up - really badly, unfortunately. And I am not talking about the average Greek, I am talking about their governance primarily. Read moreThere are two important factors that you fail to mention, Prof. Stiglitz. One is the interest/exposure of American banks in the European banking system, and the other the general interest of capitalist buzzards around the world in forcing the Greek government into "privatizing" important national assets for pennies on the dollar. I didn´t used to be that cynical about what really lies behind the policy-making process in the US and EU, but, after what we have seen in the last 25 years it becomes hard to continue asserting that there is any rationality or public interest involved in the process any more at all. Read moreStiglitz writes:“making capitalism work requires giving individuals a fresh start…What did help was to provide better incentives for good lending, by making creditors more responsible for the consequences of their decisions.”YES on giving opportunities, and a rotund NO to the current incentives. Higher bank equity requirements when lending to the risky than when lending to the safe, only guarantees too much lending at too low rates to the AAArisktocracy, and too little lending at too high rates “risky” small businesses and entrepreneurs. Read moreWhat's needed in Greece is not going to happen in Greece - austerity, or not, which is a fundamental cultural change which encourages honesty and acceptance/obedience to the rule of law, rather than massive fraud, corruption, and a weakening of public institutions. A country whose "corruption index" fluctuates around the 40 mark has issues that are far beyond financial. The same rating, alas, is shared by Bella Italia. Read moreI agree with Prof Stiglitz article. The way we allow bankruptcy protection for a corporation, we need to have exit option for Greece. Currently as Greece is with in Euro there exit option is difficult. I think Greece should evaluate option for exit followed by devaluation for currency. This itself will be a big punishment for over spending by borrower and people of Greece will ensure they dont splurge in debt like this in future. Also creditor need to take a hit for giving loans. While all sound logical, this need to conclude soon. Read moreThe fundamental problem with Greece, as well as with other Southern European members of the EU, is that their productivity is a fraction of that of Germany and other Northern EU members.It has been estimated that while a Greek worker produces 30Euro/hr, his counterpart in Germany produces nearly twice as much, yet a coffee in Athens is just as expensive as that in Berlin, and sometime even more so.Clearly economies in the EU travel at vastly different speed that can't be accommodate by small changes in the standard of living.I hear people saying that even within a single country there are variation in economy between zones and hence this can't be a real cause of the problem. But there is a major difference. There is a single government within a single country, and it can make necessary adjustments to compensate for variations within its economic zones. For example, Germany continues to pour cast amount of money into the ex East Germany in order to bring it up to speed with the rest of Germany. A visit in Berlin will reveal a city being transformed and an hive of activity without parallel in other German cities.This kind of help isn't possible for other less productive EU members who have to operate within less productive economies, don't have an opportunity to improve their productivity as this plunges them in further debts, and aren't able to use monetary policies to help them out as they have delegated that the ECB.In short, these economies (e.g. Portugal, Italy, Spain) either shrink and die, and reduce their role to second class countries able to provide labour but little else to the more productive economies (similar to what Southern Italy has done since unification in 1860 with South providing labour to the industrial North) or the more productive countries move their production bases to these countries (which would result in unrest, both political and social, in the Northern EU member countries as they'll see their standard of living eroded) or the EU is broken up so that these countries can, once again, be master of their own destiny with individual currencies that reflect their economic status. Any other alternative is delaying the inevitable.Read moreI couldn´t agree more with Dante Crisante´s comments. Indeed I need to acknowledge how biased Prof. Stiglitz approach sounds. And I say biased because it is hard to think a Nobel laureate does not look deeper into reasons behind the economic and financial troubles, countries "governed" to meet the interests of a plutocratic elite. Greece is not the only one though it is the most paradigmatic of such a society within the EU. The issue Prof. Stiglitz misses is that Greece problems are not routed in the austerity policies implemented to bailout its economy . They are routed in the unwillingness of the society to reform and to reform they need to "face the music". If a company is faced with the liquidity constraint because it is insolvent or simply overborrowed , selling assets and downsizing is just one of the faces of "austerity". Would Prof. Stiglitz recommend to banks or the "institutions" to wipeout the debt and continue to finance the company when the same policies which led it to bankruptcy, are kept and business carries on as usual? Greece like Portugal and other countries as well, need to address their so called "structural" problems, i.e., transform their societies into modern ones, putting an end to kleptocratic models which in many instances do not differ much from what one finds in Angola, just to name one. If Prof. Stiglitz would reply : you can not compare Angola with Greece, I most vehemently argue that is you can and you should. If the route of all problems is not addressed then we will go from one bailout to the next . Which is what we have experienced so far. Read moreThe 25% GDP decline is often cited as one example of the failure of the Troika-program. Maybe yes, maybe no. Let me just give a crude example (don't criticize me for being crude because I have just said that it is a crude example).Suppose a poor man hits the jackpot and wins 10 million. He decides to enjoy life and to spend it all. He spends 1 million a year and after 10 years the money is gone. At that point, the man has to return to the living standard of 10 years ago and the medium-size city where he lives will also feel the impact of 1 million less spending power annually. Unless the man finds another source of income.25% GDP-decline? Ok, but relative to what? To 2008/09 perhaps? Well, was that a representative GDP for Greece when all Greek growth in the 2000s was due to, on average, 30 BEUR flowing into the country annually (net!)? If you throw this kind of money into the middle of the Sahara, you will get some decent growth there as well.Why don't the great brains of economics look at the economic value creation capacity of the Greek economy? After all, it is that capacity which determines the living standard longer term.In my judgment, Greece simply doesn't have the wherewithal to increase that capacity on its own in the nearer term. There is just a lack of know-how in all areas, particularly corporate governance and efficient public administration (see Doing Business Report). Greece is more similar to a developing country than to a member of the First World in many areas of the economy.If Greece wants to accomplish something in the nearer term, it needs significant know-how transfer from abroad and the best way to get know-how is to go after foreign investment. The right kind of foreign investment; not the foreign investment which chases short-term financial profits.It is simply mindboggling to me that, at a time when Cuba comes around to favor foreign investment, the cradle of democracy and wisdom almost chases foreign investment away. In a rather arrogant way, I might add.I perfectly agee with the main opinion of the paper.however, one element is often missing in the debate: why this happened? in many academic articles it seems that is a simple matter of stupidity or ignorance. It is not convinceing. A second reason may be the will of some population for not paying the bill of other countries. It is more convinceing, but it is also we known that this population will pay an higher bill in the fture, when it is not already paying it in terms of reduced welfare and low salaries. Capitalists should prefer an increase in the demand because it increases trade and sells; also financial capitalists demonstrated that real growth and GDP trends influence thair decision as well as financial stocks and flows.Hence, it would be a ideological reason. A way of thinking that captured the elites and prevent them to see the reality.I do not want to go ahaed, also because i have not the tools to analyse this aspects for the moment. But, I think that more attention has to be paid to the reasons of this impasse.Read moreIt seems to always be about economics. Policy has many aspects and one is what is best for the majority of the people? The economics should be made to fit this overriding important fact. Wv need to look at these problems from the "common good' rather then the monetary gain of small groups of banks or investors. Yes, they should be paid but at a way in which it benefits the most. Read moreYou say "What is needed is not structural reform within Greece and Spain so much as structural reform of the eurozone’s design ...."I say that no matter how perfect you may make the Eurozne design, Greece cannot be saved without "without structural reform within Greece". The risk is high that easing of pressure will lead again to profligate behaviour, the triumph of political clientelism, using public enterprises to reward political party supporters, pensions at 50, restrictive practices, cheating the national health system (paying exorbitant prices for purchases of medicines and supplies in public hospitals, not to speak of outright corruption of politicians themselves. Read moreI guess it's always going to be difficult to organise Economic Communities comprised of Nation States.Individual Nations comprised of many states, the USA for instance, The USSR (previously) and of course Australia and India, for one or two more, all have difficulties enough; and that is when there is an already established common currency, and usually rough parity of Wage Labour rates between the member states, and free trade between them. Without which of course the Nation would have really difficult problems due to Industry always (Well, if not restricted by some Parent State not allowing the natural Free Flow of Investment to the Lowest Wage Labour Rate State) Investing in the State with the Lowest Wage Labour Rate (Cheaper Wages, Cheaper Materials, Cheaper land etc. etc. etc.).... It was this as much as anything else, that led to the successive crises that you mention in your article...The Asian Crisis, the South American Crisis, The Mexican Peso Crisis... in each Case the Global Capital Flowed to the next lowest Wage Labour State as soon as the one currently in favour started to have cost of living rises and wage labour rate rises, due to its rapidly improving economy.... If you don't have rough Parity of Wage Labour Rates between member states then that is what happens.... It would happen in Australia, and can be seen in minor ways happening due to climate differences between states bringing about price differentials in ripened fruit....and that is only a minor price differential in a single produce item, not a whole basket of goods, as is the case with National Disparity of Wage Labour Rates.... The exchange rates between currencies is of course the tool that is used to manipulate wage labour rates to give a trading advantage.Ok? So, Is there rough Parity of Wage Labour Rates between the member states of the EU? ... Was there before the common currency was introduced? That's one aspect of the problem...Why then haven't the German Industrialists moved their operations to the Cheapest Wage Labour States of the EU? Surely they would have less difficulty in communicating with the Greeks , Italians, Spanish, Irish than they have in dealing with China? Certainly I think they would have a far easier job in achieving Quality Control?...The other problem is the only recently developed ECB and its as yet unsound ability to be able to deal with the Equitable distribution of Federal (EU) Funding between the States.This is in part brought about by the Problem of National Sovereignty.... and the differences in Culture and Climate between the Member States, particularly in the EU. Leaving the Cultural and climatic variable alone for the moment, and looking at National Sovereignty:It was interesting, I noted when the Greek National Debt was first written about in the International Media it was written as just that "Greek National Debt Problem" or "Greek National Debt Crisis"; it was only some couple of weeks later that it became the "Greek Sovereign Debt Crisis"... a subtle but consistent change which led me to wonder why the change in terminology..... to explain....When I was studying economics, many moons ago, I had a problem with the Major Text that was being used for the Oxford course in "Economic History of Great Britain"' or some such title, it was a Keynesian Text, and all the terms used in the text were well defined at the front of the book; all that is apart from one - National Debt - Now! It wasn't until I was half way through the Text that I realised that I obviously didn't fully understand what National Debt was.... I had thought that I did but I couldn't quite get how this "Bucket" was being used Money or Capital seemed to be able to disappear into it and come out of it at will and the Capital coming out was not related it seemed to me; with the money that was going in.... I went to the front of the text but lo and behold that was the Only Term that was completely Undefined!A letter to the Faculty led to a reply a couple of Months later.... "National Debt is the Debt that a Nation owes to itself, for investing in its own Future" and that Further to this "Each Nation has a Sovereign Right to Fund it's own Development"... Or put more simply "Each Nation has a Sovereign Right to Forge its own Currency for the purpose of funding its own Development"... A right which you and I don't have, and something that if we do we would end up doing time for!...However.... Why was there a change in terminology for this Greek Crisis?A check with Wikipedia was interesting.... It led to the "National Debt" Page flashing up momentarily and then a divert to the "Government Debt" page and thus to Government Bonds and Sovereign Bonds the two forms of Government Debt/National Debt... Interestingly Sovereign Bonds were listed as Government Debt issued as Bonds that were guaranteed repayable in the National Currency of the Bondholder...... So! ... National Debt has by this subtle change of terminology gone from being "The Debt that a Nation owes to Itself for Investing in its own Future" To "The debt that a Nation owes to another Nation for investing in its own Future"That is an Absolute Change in Definition and one that has extreme significance for The Sovereign Rights of Nations and for National Development.It leads to many fundamental questions.... especially for Nations that are only now just starting to develop and which have never had a National Debt before, or for Nations that have only been developing for the last 60 years as compared to Nations that have been developing for the last 500yrs.What is this National debt though...The money that is created should be amortized over the future existence of the State and being a bit of a Mathematician I like the idea of an Infinite life span which would lead to a rate of repayment of zero $ per annum or so close to it that I think I would use My sovereign Right to wipe it out completely..... However the Debt in Sovereign Bonds ... perhaps the USA and The IMF and Germany don't feel the same way about Amortisation of the Debt or "Loan"...Despite the Fact that the USA hasn't worked out their National Debt That way they are charging themselves Interest on the Moneys that they Lend to themselves.... Now that is really Something!Quite frankly I think the whole issue is a whole lot of "Fabrication"...And as for "Austerity" well if there was ever to be an exact antithesis of National Debt I think that would be it.... As defined by the EU it might run something like "The Sovereign Debt that a Nation owes to some other Nation for sending itself into Penury"Read moreJohn Ellis's point can't be repeated enough: We have got to get past seeing (or rather NOT seeing it) the world in terms of austerity v. stimulus. Greece's problems go far deeper than that. They are structural, and as he says, the whole of Greek society is complicit.That is why Stiglitz completely misses the point when he says that, of course, Greece won't get into trouble again. because no one in their right mind would put themselves through what Greece has gone through.The point is that Greece can't help itself. For Greece to change, every Greek would have to give up what he has stolen. Taxpayers would have to pay their taxes, occupations surrender their monopolies. political parties give up using the public sector to reward their activists and voters, and so on.That is not going to happen -- so Greece will make the same "choice" all over again. And no doubt Stiglitz will be back arguing for more debt forgiveness to buy Greece more time ... for what?I have been reading your recommendations on Greece since 2009 and I have to say that you are consistent in your position for debt relief. Although debt relief has been granted to Greece already twice (PSI and extension of loans) and more may be inevitable I fail to see why you persist on just one issue. Greece had very limited periods of reform. The last one before the 2009 crisis ended in 2001. Since the crisis reforms have been legislated and enacted to a certain extent but only because were part of the loan agreements. Greece has to become a modern economy with functional institutions and markets otherwise any debt relief will be wasted. The problem is that the current government is reform resistant to the extreme. Furthermore, apart from Greeks other European nations vote too from time to time. Your argument about democracy is some how weak or not. The left always cared for other people as well. Do you ask Slovaks or the Portuguese to write off Greek debts although they are in worse condition? Read moreRestructuring the Greek debt will never help Greece. Before the Greek dept is restrucured Greece needs to restructure its government. The problem of Greece is it employs in the public sector more than a half a million than it actually needs at the cost of 13 billion annually, and eliminate the cost of illegal immigration that exceeds 10 billion annually and has an overall impact on the GDP of over 25 billion. Fix those to problems before you allow incompetent politicians to waste more money and put Greece in a worse situation than it currently is. Read moreMr. Stiglitz' point is absolutely correct, however, he is thinking too much in monetary, rather than physical economic terms. What is needed is investment into the productive sector of the economy-manufacturing, agriculture, and infrastructure-the type of work that is being done by the BRICS nations,-for example the new canal China is building in Nicaragua. Great projects create productive jobs and improve living standards-and end up paying for themselves many times over, as the TVA here in the U.S. did.A vital step to making this possible is already being considered by the Syriza Party-which is banking separation a-la Glass Steagall. Read moreStiglitz endlessly characterizes the Greek situation as all about austerity. It is not. This is just one aspect of attempting to fix the Greek economy. Far more important is the issue of structural reform of a system that is riddled with frictions that cause huge damage and in which the whole of Greek society is complicit. Despite the doom saying by Stiglitz and others, membership of the Euro is potentially of enormous benefit to all participants. The deal is straightforward. The wealthier of Northern Europe get a more competitive currency and access to a larger market. The Southern peripheral get something that is just as valuable. A stable currency, greater external purchasing power, and access to cheap credit for the private and public sectors. All of this should then be employed to raise overall GDP per capita. However, to get the benefits you have to play by the rules more or less which the Greeks conspicuously failed to do. In fact their conduct both before and after joining was egregious. The Germans and other are simply not going to give the Greeks a get out of jail free card so they can they all return to business as usual (corruption, tax evasion, bloated public sector, political dysfunction, etc. etc. etc.) Read moreStructural reforms of the kind demanded by commenters here and by the Troika have inflicted horrifying damage on an entire nation, except, of course, for the filthy rich. How long do these sadists suggest the Greeks suffer willingly? The Greek people have real choices. Perhaps John Ellis would like to explain how Golden Dawn is a much better negotiating partner for the Germans, who, after all, have much experience with fascism. Read moreStructural reforms of the kind demanded by commenters here and by the Troika have inflicted horrifying damage on an entire nation, except, of course, for the filthy rich. How long do these sadists suggest the Greeks suffer willingly? The Greek people have real choices. Perhaps John Ellis would like to explain how Golden Dawn is a much better negotiating partner for the Germans, who, after all, have much experience with fascism. Read moreE. WalkerDemands for an end to: tax evasion on an industrial scale, state procurement as a system of graft, crony capitalism, vastly bloated public payrolls; have inflicted horrifying damage. Really? You then end with same threat made in Berlin by that rather foolish Greek finance minister.....give us what we want or the Nazis take over. I'll ignore your hysterical slur on the German government but it's an indicator of your sense of proportion. Read moreStructural reforms of the kind demanded by commenters here and by the Troika have inflicted horrifying damage on an entire nation, except, of course, for the filthy rich. How long do these sadists suggest the Greeks suffer willingly? The people there have real choices. Perhaps John Ellis would like to explain how Golden Dawn is a much better negotiating partner for the Germans, who, after all, have much experience with fascism. Read moreAn eagle lived in the northern mountains and a dolphin lived on the southern coasts. By chance they became acquainted and eventually decided to foster their friendship by living together, even though the eagle was able to soar high above the dolphin.But the dolphin, though it had the bright blue open sea in which to play, aspired to the lifestyle of the eagle and decided to borrow from the eagle so that it could purchase wings. As the eagle had spare feathers it offered to make the wings and was happy to lend to the dolphin.But when the dolphin tried on the wings it found not only that it could not fly but also that it sank and was no longer even able to swim.‘Eagle my friend’, said the dolphin, ‘help me rid myself of these wet feathers and kindly relieve me from the debt of the wings that you have made for me so that I can return to the open sea’.But the eagle said ‘dear dolphin, I have plenty of old fluff to sell – the sleeker I become the higher I fly - and you have nowhere now to go. Rather will I make a buoy for you to clasp in the form of a wreath made of feather down.’At which the dolphin sank, not even having any talons or claws to grasp the wreath, and the eagle climbed ever higher in the sky.Moral: Beware friends who indulge your fantasies with assistance that lightens their own burden. Read moreAs you have correctly pointed out - it is questionable whether private sector debts should move into the public sector. Such bailouts in the US and other countries in the GFC are a paradox in open market economies.The Asian crisis response was different and instructive. Banks were not bailed out, many collapsed/merged and were recapitalized with both private and public funds. Today these countries are stronger with the experience.That said demographics play a strong role in recovery and Europe has a challenge on this count. Asia on the other hand had young growing populations, stimulating demand while combined with a high savings rate. Read moreDear Professor Stiglitz,What Greece - and most countries in the world - need is just "money"!So let the National Bank of Greece create a new, national, interest-free currency for the financing of public- services and expences, this sovereign currency could be used for taxpayments. And the EURO should be kept for international payments and transactions - and for the sake of Europe.Best regartds,Dr. Joseph Meyer4780 St.Vith, Belgiumwww.j-meyer.be Read moreI guess I'm not in my right mind, because I do believe that there are many politicians who would willingly make promises to their electors that would end up putting their countries through what Greece has gone through just to get elected. Read moreWell, is a Greek exit from the Eurozone, followed by its full/partial default, a viable solution?We need to think not only about the Greek voters, but also about the German voters. It is one (tough) think to erase/restructure the Greek debt, yet another thing to follow this up with further financing their state, whatever its policies might be. Read moreTAKE AIM - MISS!My earlier comment is getting lost in the chorus, but it should not be forgotten. We can eliminate a vast amount of misery from ALL NATIONS OF THE WORLD if we HIT the bullseye this time. Everyone that wants a safe pension, loan, or savings for themselves or for their reserves will get one.Everyone can benefit IF their government and other borrowers elect to preserve the wealth that they have borrowed by discarding fixed interest bonds and replacing them with Wealth Bonds , NOT linked to GDP but to an index of National Average Earnings (NAE).What do pension funds need? Exactly that. What drives demand and needs reserves to keep pace? Incomes. wHAT IS USED TO REPAY DEBT? iNCOMES OF COURSE.I explained this below in my first comment. I give another explanation in my subsequent publicationhttp://www.fin24.com/Economy/Global-lesson-in-Greece-20150205Greece can show the world a better way. They can protect EVERYONE on the planet if it is copied.For sure Goldman's needs a haircut for its part in helping Greece conceal its true debt from the ECB when it joined the EURO and Germany and the ECB can't hide because everyone knew Greece was running two sets of books when it presented its convergence data. The pain should be shared - and Germany needs a lesson in understanding that its mercantilist economic philosophy only works if other countries don't follow it. Obviously, the whole world economy can't run on the collectivist. trade surplus, low currency value manipulation that has made Germany a "success". Germnay needs to show more humility, generosity and realeconomik Read moreAbout profligacy and corruption in Greece: As it seems in countless comments, everyone knew what was going on in Greece, even before its introduction to the EU and the Euro. So, why did the rest of the EU decide to get Greece in, and on the onset of the crisis lend Greece 410 billion (!) Euros? Keep in mind that, as mentioned a thousand times, Greece outputs about 1,7% of the EU's output, so there was NEVER a chance for Greece to repay this, even in a thousand years. Another important issue on this account is the hypocrisy in all this, out of all this money, only 15 billion entered Greece's economy, the rest went back to the creditors. Can please give a serious answer to this? (Solidarity is not an acceptable answer) (Numbers above come from Forbes) Read moreWell covered and well written, although I've arrived at a different conclusion than yourself.When Greece agreed to enter the EU, it was an adult, not a child. Nobody (to my knowledge) forced Greece to join the EU.Nor did anyone force Greece to run obscene budget deficits for decades.Nor did the EU instruct the Greeks to not bother Greek citizens to pay their overdue income taxes (which many Greek citizens have simply refused to pay for decades) and that grand total of unpaid income tax is a very large number indeed.Nor did the EU instruct Greece to NOT bother tackling graft and corruption, which is well known to be rampant in Greece.Add all of that up, and almost none of this mess is the EU's fault.Yes, there is some responsibility on the part of lenders. But at the height of the global financial crisis did the EU really want Greece to go bankrupt?Therefore, the EU did what was prudent to do in that circumstance.But eternally propping-up the Greek economy is unsustainable especially given all of the negatives that I've mentioned above.Why would any EU citizen want to subsidize profligate spending and non-income-tax-collecting Greece? And why would any EU citizen want to pay more taxes to aid and abet graft and corruption in Greece?I love the Greek people, but I don't want to pay their taxes! I suspect EU citizens don't want to pay them either.Therefore, I understand the behind-the-scenes wrangling over the past many months from the EU perspective."You want us (the EU) to raise taxes in our own countries, to pay your citizens' taxes for them -- because they don't like paying income tax?""You want us (the EU) to raise taxes in our own countries -- to pay for your graft and corruption, that you refuse to tackle?""You want us to also raise taxes in our own countries -- so that you can continue to run massive budget deficits that even your own government isn't certain where it all eventually goes due to poor accounting controls?"That would be a difficult sell for EU governments.It is simply asking too much of thrifty EU citizens to pay the bills for overspending Greek governments and to pay the income taxes of many Greek citizens.It seems undemocratic and very unfair, to expect EU citizens to shoulder the burden of undisciplined and overspending successive Greek governments, and of tax-avoiding Greeks.I chalk it up to the fact that during the global financial crisis, the EU leadership and possibly the ECB, did not want Greece to default, go insolvent, or to become a totally bankrupt failed-state.In my original comment I said; "Yes, there is some responsibility on the part of lenders. But at the height of the global financial crisis did the EU really want Greece to go bankrupt?"So, unless some other nation or bloc was willing to swoop in and pay Greek bills (Russia? China? the Middle East? Japan?) and thereby 'own' a country (or at least, their leaders) located in the soft underbelly of Europe, it is the only reason I can see for the EU to finance Greece.About profligacy and corruption in Greece: As it seems in countless comments, everyone knew what was going on in Greece, even before its introduction to the EU and the Euro. So, why did the rest of the EU decide to get Greece in, and on the onset of the crisis lend Greece 410 billion (!) Euros? Keep in mind that, as mentioned a thousand times, Greece outputs about 1,7% of the EU's output, so there was NEVER a chance for Greece to repay this, even in a thousand years. Another important issue on this account is the hypocrisy in all this, out of all this money, only 15 billion entered Greece's economy, the rest went back to the creditors. Can please give a serious answer to this? (Solidarity is not an acceptable answer) (Numbers above come from Forbes) Read moreWell, could we assume that Kansas is in for more difficult times as a comment on current austerity issues.The Germans are overplaying their hand and while they may be the 800 Lb. Gorilla in the room, the Greek contagion will affect other countries until it catches up to Germany. At that point somebody better be in the position, grunting and groaning trying to drop a golden eggWhen spending stalls or drops in an economy, so does GDP. Where does anyone get the idea that cutting spending in a stagnant or falling economy is going to be stimulative? It can't. It won't. Going backward to a future economy does not compute.The world needs to do the debt reset shuffle. Europe's difficulties are going to expand to the healthier countries and begin to exert a negative economic influence. Read moreAn eagle lived in the northern mountains and a dolphin lived on the southern coasts. By chance they became acquainted and eventually decided to foster their friendship by living together, even though the eagle was able to soar high above the dolphin.But the dolphin, though it had the bright blue open sea in which to play, aspired to the lifestyle of the eagle and decided to borrow from the eagle so that it could purchase wings. As the eagle had spare feathers it offered to make the wings and was happy to lend to the dolphin.But when the dolphin tried on the wings it found not only that it could not fly but also that it sank and was no longer even able to swim.‘Eagle my friend’, said the dolphin, ‘help me rid myself of these wet feathers and kindly relieve me from the debt of the wings that you have made for me so that I can return to the open sea’.But the eagle said ‘dear dolphin, I have plenty of old fluff to sell – the sleeker I become the higher I fly - and you have nowhere now to go. Rather will I make a buoy for you to clasp in the form of a wreath made of feather down.’At which the dolphin sank, not even having any talons or claws to grasp the wreath, and the eagle climbed ever higher in the sky.Moral: Beware friends who indulge your fantasies with assistance that lightens their own burden.http://kjohnsonnz.blogspot.co.nz/2015/02/ancient-wisdom-on-greece-and-its.htmlRead moreI am reminded of a previous article by Prof. Stiglitz: "The Book of Jobs: A banking system is supposed to serve society, not the other way around." [ http://www.vanityfair.com/politics/2012/01/stiglitz-depression-201201 ]The Big Picture is that productivity everywhere—including Greece—has over the last century continued the steady upward march it began when our tree-swinging ancestors discovered they could eat more nuts if they whacked them open with rocks. Productivity is now high enough that everyone in all developed countries should be able to live with a minimal level of decency—that is, with secure access to housing, healthcare, and food.The reason this hasn't happened in many developed countries (Greece being the worst case) is that our finance-tax-banking arrangements result in the ordinary citizens forfeit their own standards of living to protect the banks' investments at 100%. The tail is wagging the dog. People exist for banks, instead of banks for people.Systems of finance-tax-banking should ensure the benefits of modern productivity are distributed to all at a minimum level of decency. If that is not happening, then the systems need to be changed. Read moreAgree wholeheartedly. Not enough money or QE was given to the public sector such as US states, counties and cities for infrastructure and other job creating uses. Giving money to banks does not increase the GNP, it only increases risk. Read moreI wonder if Prof. Stieglitz really understands the dynamics of the Greek economy. It is unable, by far, to provide the products and services which Greek consumers desire and it is unable to provide products which other countries desire. Thus the products have to be imported. More deficit spending will immediately translate into the recurring current account deficit. Please note that this is not only because of the Euro, even though the Euro has accelerated this trend. But since independence in 1832, Greece has had only one year, 2013, where it posted a current account surplus (2014 will probably be the second year). So reforms are not just a checklist for Germany. Reforms mean that the Greek economy develops a greater domestic economic value creation capacity so that it doesn't have to be a turn-table for money: money coming in as debt and flowing out as current account deficits. Read moreEuropean banks where super in their assesment of risk when comming to Greece: they correctly thought that the EU would bail them out instead of letting Greece default. In the process they were able to get a very premium compared to the risk they really were taking, making it very profitable to lend to Greece, even when they knew Greece was not able to repay their debts.This situation, in which profits were privatised and losses deflected to the public formed the basis for the improper lending to Greece before the crisis. If this problem is not adressed, history is bound to repeat itself. Read moreQuite aside from the austerity debates, shouldn't attention be given to the outright dishonesty of Greek governments and non-paying tax-payers who avoided adding to the government's revenues? A study several years ago based on aerial photos of swimming pools in the Athens area discovered that only a handful of these pool owners paid the required taxes for them. Tax avoidance is a national pass time - - so of course revenues are minimized. Why didn't the lenders insist on changes before making their loans? Read moreHello Robert: I've read before that dishonesty by political leaders and taxpayers has been a big issue in Greece. However, in the greater scheme of Greece's economic plight doesn't Klaus Kastner focus on the country's most significant issue? It seems they've lived quite a while with more money going out for needed materials than money coming in to the country. And, hasn't the manipulation of markets, currency etc. by the exclusive top-monied investors really caused a significant amount of havoc for the home banks, and losses that the citizens have had dumped into their laps? Doesn't seem very fair, but then what is? It seems to me that what has really complicated problem on top of problem has been the dumping of private investors debts onto the public. Why should private investors focused manipulative debts be rolled over as public debts? Big investors have made big money from that process. I'm sure the non-payment of taxes didn't help matters, but it seems like individuals attempted small paybacks since they probably were quite aware of the large more significant widespread corruption that the big guys were really getting away with. The little guys, and the littlest guys are the ones stuck holding the empty bag. The top dogs ran a way with it all. Nobody is trying to stop the repeat play. Only the top players got the money, the small time dupes didn't get much from the grand take away internationally. Read moreHello Robert: I've read before that dishonesty by political leaders and taxpayers has been a big issue in Greece. However, in the greater scheme of Greece's economic plight doesn't Klaus Kastner focus on the country's most significant issue? It seems they've lived quite a while with more money going out for needed materials than money coming in to the country. And, hasn't the manipulation of markets, currency etc. by the exclusive top-monied investors really caused a significant amount of havoc for the home banks, and losses that the citizens have had dumped into their laps. Doesn't seem very fair, but then what is? It seems to me that what has really complicated problem on top of problem has been the dumping of private investors debts onto the public. Why should private investors focused manipulative debts be rolled over as public debts? Big investors have made big money from that process. I'm sure the non-payment of taxes didn't help matters, but it seems like individuals attempted small paybacks since they probably were quite aware of the large more significant widespread corruption that the big guys were really getting away with. The little guys are the ones still in a real position to suffer. They didn't get much from the grand take away internationally. Read moreThe world is now more interconnected than ever a ripple i n one financial institution will be felt in others sooner or later because of exposure tothis risks the world must form a form of a responsibility to protect clause . This can also be said of the EU s relationship with Russia it is timewe agreed thatRussia has a right to have a sphere of Influence -Controlled - on its member countries .The sanctions preffered are not helpful . Read moreThere remains a morality hazard, though. Suppose that Greece was forgiven all of its debt AND it was to remain in the Eurozone. Due to the preceeding debt mutualization this means a direct loss for the citizens of the creditor countries. The willingness to accept these large losses would send the signal to the markets that the EZ is in fact willing to do "whatever it takes" to keep the Euro together, regardless of any economic reason. This will then be reflected by unrealistically low interest rates on new bonds that Greece issues. Consequently, we have exactly the same situation as in the beginning of the crisis around 2009: Again the country is able to indebt itself much too easily (in comparison to appropriate interest rates). Simultaneously, again no improvements in competitiveness versus the other Euro member states take place, since money is available. As soon as there would be new worries about the collapse of the Eurozone, rates would explode again, Greece would lose its debt sustainability and the other European partners would probably again have to step in the breach.So there's actually a dichotomy: (a) Greece defaults and leaves the Eurozone, or (b) Greece is kept in the Eurozone indefinitely and a permanent transfer mechanisms between the member states becomes necessary. The latter will never help to systematically lead the Greek economy to a level comparable with that of the core countries. Large scale subsidy and financial transfers between regions have historically never been successful. Read moreIf we think a litle bit harder we come to the conclusion that most of the Greek Debt is Held by the ECB or the EFSF, hich are european institutions.There is and there never was any extipend by the tax payers, that's just absurd since this 2 institutions don't depend on national budgets. The only people that hold Greek debt now are either the miss informed or speculators.In practice hat we are seing is absurd, since its absurd for a central bank to bankrupt a national tresure, what should be done is a purchase of greek debt from the ECB to the EFSF, and then they can even burn it and you won't feal the difference.In practice the ECB has no alternative, also it doen't have to have an alternative, since its the role of the central banks to do it.Now, not reestructuring Greek debt can have a large impact on all European taxpayers. Because at the moment the ECB faces a huge demand for euros and it can finance itself at no cost, but in a Grexit scenario here the euro plumets, the ECB has to start buying Euros, and for that once the surplus ends it ill have to be financed by the countries - just like a normal central bank. Read moreWho wants to pay for Greek government spending? Should other Europeans have to pay for unproductive state employees and their too-generous retirement plans? Would Professor Stiglitz volunteer to put his retirement savings into Greek bonds? At some level it is Hayek who is right - structural reforms that allow the private sector to grow is more important than feeding a corrupt government sector. Read moreAs one person wrote, if Mexico as merged with the USA the GDP of the USA would rise by 30%.If Greece's policies work, then GDP will rise as its nationals return home and as employment rises.The correct link to use is Ingram's Wealth Bonds index-linked to national average earnings of either Greece or Europe.Look at this from the investors' viewpoint. They get an ideal investment for pension funds, even national reserves, written in Euros if it is linked to the National average income of European nations.They can issue some linked to Greece for Greeks, to Gerany fr Germans and so forth, or just to Europe. But compling the statistics for so many nations is a problem.Take your pick, which index to use, - there are pros and cons. But marketability of the bonds is a key factor.And affordability is also key. 1% interest is enough to pay.So do not link to GDP.I wrote to the Governor of the Bank of England months ago about this. He has yet to erad the docuament I am told.The Greek situation is of course two sided. Greek governments have made promises they knew would never be held. But I would put even more blame on those foolish donor politicians sqandering their country's tax euros on such Greek promises. New politicians on all sides are now out of options having inherited their loads and hence kick the can as a clean cut would cause a backlash that takes all of them out of office. The new Greek gov't may be rewarded with some handouts for all their populist drama but will also kick the can eventually. However, the option of leaving the Euro straigt jacket is hyped negatively by those who would hate to see that – Greek bond holders. But for ordinary Greeks it is probably the only option that will provide a credible upside in their lives without the spurious old dbt burden - after the brutal setback to local olives, wine and vegetables! Read moreAn equally valid conclusion is that monetary union across most of the EU was a mistake, and should have been limited to a handful of similar economies (France, Germany, Benelux). Broader monetary union across disparate economies requires a common fiscal policy, together with transparency and control mechanisms for local spending. This in turn requires an EU of regions and not nation-states, something still over the horizon.Hopefully, meanwhile the EU will rethink its reliance on horribly high consumption taxes (VAT). If aggregate demand is the problem, how can a 21% or more tax on most goods be justified?Finally, if global efforts to reign in tax havens for individuals and corporations, even current rates when applied to the vast untaxed monies would do much to improve the deficits in many EU countries.These last two seem unlikely, as the EU is clearly operating in full protection of the 1%; the rest be hanged. Read moreWell spoken, now if only please our politicians and ECB officials would listen. It is heartbreaking how stubborn they are repeating their fairy tale story of the lazy profligate Greeks that got their rightful come-uppance. They have told it so often the main problem is they would loose face if they would have to admit that a sizeable part of current Greek debt was to bail out european banks.As to austerity, to stay in the eurozone, the only solution to becoming competitive again was internal deflation. Of course that inflates debt to GDP, since it shrinks GDP. This is the point Hans Werner Sinn has correctly been making. There is no escape, except leaving the Eurozone. But what is a Eurozone, when countries can walk in and out whenever in trouble? That is not a Eurozone but a speculators paradise as Connolly described so well in his book The Rotten Heart of Europe.Read moreYou sure came up with a succinct phrase: " That is not a Eurozone but a speculators paradise." Even without any departures, what the Eurozone was and still is, is exactly that a "speculators paradise". Only a few top investors could tell at the beginning that is exactly what the Eurozone was and still is, maybe even today for a while longer.. It has just taken a while for the real truth to surface. There are still too many writers that will not address that fact. Stiglitz is a good economist for sure, but he even still minimizes that most basic fact. Today the majority of citizens internationally have to really be aware of that fact, and bewary. Investing and the international market is not functioning as any markets of the past, let's say before the first depression. Only a few have the real access to immediate data that can allow them to invest shrewdly. These few control the markets. The new top investing individuals, families, corporate groups establsh speculative opportunities based on their access to data that the majority do not have any access to. Speculative opportunity has become predatory opportunity, and only for the few. Read moreI am not at the level to contradict prof. Stiglitz on pure economic matters and nobody needs to be a nobel prize to see that the Greek suffer from the current austerity. But as the headline is mentioning "morality", I suggest we do not forget that the Greek are responsible for what they did. Yes, a loan is a contract. No, Greece is not week like a real-estate buyer from Colorado getting bugged by blood-thursty banks he does not understand. Nothing in the programme of Syriza hints at a try to get the economy afloat. I fear that Greece just wants a free-ride paid by their neighbours. This is morally not acceptable. Neither for the private home buyer not for a state. Read moreHad it not been for the fact that European regulators allowed banks to hold little or even zero equity against loans to sovereigns, like Greece; which tempted banks with extraordinary expected risk-adjusted returns on equity when lending to sovereigns, like to Greece, then banks would never ever have lent so much money to Greece.What about the moral responsibility of telling it like it is?http://subprimeregulations.blogspot.se/2011/11/who-did-eurozone-in.htmlRead moreRegarding Hoover, the US had a 1.8% of GDP surplus July 1929 — June 1930, a 0.6% GDP deficit July 1930 — June 1931, and the deficit kept growing, 4% of GDP July 1931 — June 1932, 4.5% of GDP July 1932 — June 1933. And in real terms, federal spending went up every year of the Hoover administration.Students of economics know that what turned around the Great Depression was the 1933 devaluation and concurrent Gold Clause Ban, which greatly expanded the money supply in a novel and unorthodox fashion for the time, the "QE" of the Great Depression. Unfortunately the US also then passed massive regulation of industry that causes the "Great Stagnation" of a decade that followed the brief recovery.In reality, Greece needs to figure out how not to be at the bottom of Europe in the Heritage Index of Economic Freedom, the bottom of the Europe in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business Ratings, and needs to enact the reforms of hundreds of competition-distorting rules and provisions identified in the OECD Competition Assessment Review of Greece from 2013. Read moreYou see, the great recession "proved" to the disbelievers that in a moment of general risk avoidance monetary stimulus doesn’t work, since private agents don’t invest. Monographs and studies confirm the role of the New Deal on job creation and total investment and the turnaround of the business and individual perception and expectations.But either way, I was just questioning your affirmation off what students of economy know… You see most of us economy students have learned through Samuelson’s text book, and he is a well known Keynesian, so most of the economy students explain the great recession through a Keynesian lenses, not neo-classic. Fortunately the spread of Fama’s and Lucas teachings has been little and continues to shrink has their theories, on the matter of economic cycles, show very little explanatory power.Read moreIf the New Deal "solved chronic demand problems", why for the eleven-year period of 1930 to 1940 did net private investment total minus $3.1 billion. Only in 1941 did net private investment ($9.7 billion) exceed the 1929 amount. Or why did unemployment stay above 10% from 1931-1940? Perhaps the New Deal did not help as much as one might think, or perhaps the New Deal made things worse, although clearly something caused an economic improvement in 1933. Milton Friedman and I believe it was the devaluation of the dollar, and this may also explain why the UK, who went off the gold standard earlier, ended up fairing better through the Great Depression. Read moreI'm an Economist by formation, and believe me nobody explains the policies for recovery from Great Depression under a Monetarist Framework, first because Monetarism never existed in the first place, and second because Friedman, you know the father of monetarism, started his framework working on the problems of monetary supply and bank runs in the great depression.You see, we economists are thougt in Universities, and apart from some libertarian niches and neoclassic universities in denial, it is explained that moneray policy had a place but it as at the start of the crisis, for sure Keynesianism and the New Deal are what solved the cronoc demand problems. Read moreIn which school did you study?In my economic school we were thaught that for sure monetary expansion in a period of risk aversion leads no-where.We learned that the great depression was a demand crisis and the final nail on the coffin of the invisible hand.Probably in your school they can explain on how the hell a devaluation of currency works to stimulate external demand when all the world is contracting and devaluating....We also learned that the Great Depression pretades by some decades the Monetarism theories, which could only be thought after the work of Mr. KeynesFinnally in the other school I went, they thaught that the great depression was instrumental on the creation of regulation and instruments that led to stabilization of financial markets for years to come. Read moreUnionized Europe's transition to Sovereignty perhaps the issue that Democracy in Greece has questioned. United States transition to Sovereignty was underwritten by the wisdom of Alexander Hamilton and The East India company prevailed in creating The Anglosphere that helped - if Detroit fails, Detroit's citizens can move to Dallas and Denver. Not the same for 11 million Greeks - the move to Germany is a non starter. One language makes the transition from Greece and Germany to Dallas and Denver as perfectly as humans can. Capital flows have to have this mathematical guarantee that Greek Economics equal German Economics that ensure balanced Sovereignty between Dallas Denver and Detroit. That they all want to be Europeans is not in doubt - but the transition into Sovereign Economics is easier said. Greece does not want to leave - also it can't. Germany does not want to leave - but it can. The magic is in the details of how Capital and Investment flows are calibrated and transferred so that The Union does not end up with Creditor and Debtor provinces. The Greek question has many answers. Exit must not be an option as The Union was a voluntary democratic decision. Democracy in Greece and Democracy in Germany must also mean Democracy in Europe. Read moreBut, you are right that we should do our best to co-exist harmoniously, building on the past instead of demolishing. Things will have the prospects to get better, as long as all sides want problems to be solved, without adversely affecting their partners. Read moreDemocracy means freedom of choice; not a choice perpetuated regardless of its merit to the eyes of the people. All choices are open, because some choices have too grate a cost to bare, especially for generations completely innocent of the present and past mistakes. This issue will not be hidden under the carpet for long. Read moreAbout fifty years ago, I first learned of the writings and ideas of Samuelson, Freidman, Tobin, and many others (including a young guy named Stiglitz). Ever since, aside from the purely academic rivalry, I have found that economics made it clear that both monetary and fiscal policy were important in countries' pursuit of growth and stability. Along the way, even Reagan demonstrated the power of deficit spending and well timed tax INCREASES in pursuit of those goals. Even Greenspan did the right things for many years.Then came the repeal of Glass-Steagall and the great wave of deregulation--here in the US and in Europe. Now it seems that everyone knew this would end badly, but we implicitly gave up control of monetary and fiscal policy to the bankers who quickly put in place policies like Austerity, 2% inflation targets, etc. I wonder if this is true? I also wonder if bankers can be relied upon to know what s good for banks, much less what is good for national economies? All of the data say that countries like Greece and Spain are in a full fledged depression, but the Germans and the "Troika" seem determined to crush the life out of those countries, even though their collapse will mean their exit from the Euro which will likely unravel the entire EU-ECB system. The consequence of a collapse of the European banking system might be difficult to quantify, but I think the time has come for qualified experts to do this. How much trouble are we in? What might happen if we fail to rectify the economic thinking of Europe and the US Tea Party? Read moreI agree with the above argument, which is very similar to Krugman’s, but more historically detailed.However, one should not only stop at structural reform at the EU, but go on in the pursuit of a just, sustainable, and therefore, stable international monetary system. One proposal of such system is the carbon-based international monetary system that I have suggested in Verhagen 2012 “The Tierra Solution: Resolving the climate crisis through monetary transformation” and updated at www.timun.net. In the near future I intend to publish “Should we pursue a monetary standard for the 21st century?”Read moreOur american cousin advocates a staggering concept of democracy: 2.2 million Greeks - SYRIZA voters - have the right to decide on behalf of 331M European in the 18 other countries of the EZ. It is so easy to play from afar with our democratic institutions, our parliaments... and our taxes. Read moreThe problem posed by Professor Stiglitz is not one that should be, supposedly, solved by a Greek veto. It is one that *cannot* be solved by the opposite of a veto; namely, having a majority of other countries (assuming there is one) decide against Greek debt relief, nullifying sovereignty and democracy in Greece.This is especially problematic for the values of the Euro and the EU, if this majority of countries does not put forward a credible argument that they would decide similarly if they were themselves in the position of Greece. If they can make such an argument credibly, this should be institutionalized and voted by parliaments, to become an EU institution. Greece challenges its partners to do so, and if this new institution is not voted by their parliaments, leave the EU. Obviously, Greece would leave then. Read moreI fully agree with the comparison to the Marshall Plan, but it appears to have been forgotten in Germany, perhaps for obvious reasons. There is another aspect of the debt levels incurred by the southern eurozone nations which relates to the cost of goods sold to them. Germany has the best export machine on which its economy has grown from strength to strength, but also one very important aid being its pricing in euros, rather than marks. Would the Greeks have spent more or less if they were paying in marks at 1.50 versus the current euro price? Would Germany have sold more to the rest of the world or less? Would Italy and France have achieved better sales if they had a, say, 30% price advantage over Germany? The lack of fair market pricing created by the single currency is becoming even more obvious. What is still unclear is how to deal with it. Ideally there is an agreement to adjust it radically, with the latest change in VAT digital goods pricing giving a working example of how the income, and the rate, should be generated by the consumer country, not the seller. If the aim is to keep the euro in existence, there should be - at a bare minimum, an intra-EU pricing adjustment. Read moreIt may seem reparations only for Greece are likely on par with the structural funds of the EU (which are not only German), but these are without the interests for all the years these reparations have not been repaid.So, in case of Greek exit, Greece could owe EU countries the structural funds given till now, and repay them after 70 years??? Read moreOh! I remember now the "common agricultural policy"! Yes; the EU funded burring of fruits and other agricultural products, as well as subsidies to change specific cultivations. These were not monitored at European level, and were squandered grossly, to voting and (mostly) party audiences. Personally, I apologize for this to every taxpayer in the EU, but, I really could do nothing about it! Read moreMultiple Marshall plans, in which year's pricing? Assume 100 research grants per year (how many universities do you think Greece has?), at a generous 200K per grant (man-months are scaled according to destination country), by 15 years, and you get100 x 500K x 10 = 750.000.000Should I make it 200 grants per year and 1 million per grand??? It gets to 3 billion euros. That is ... 3/175 = 1.7% of (the current reduced) GDP.What other structural funds are there? I have also seen roads co-financed by the EU. Say that is ...5 times more; say 10% of current GDP. Say I forgot something. Say 15% of current GDP.German reparations to all allies exceeded 21% of German GDP, *with the most favoring assessments.... Read moreI am often taken aback by articles such as this one because they focus exclusively on loans instead of on the assets on which those loans have been issued and the value of which underpins the loan valuation. In fact, talking about loans without addressing the assets is historically incorrect and generally speaking nonsensical. Well, in my view it is.When you consider that our societies are based on property - that is, assets - and how they are used, their benefits allocated between owners and labor, the laws which define property and its transmissibility, the political and economic systems we design to manage them, and even the moral underpinnings of all the above, only then can we truly appreciate all that is happening in the world. Fo example, a lender who is willing to accept a haircut on the value of their loans does so because they recognize the new economic value of the assets guaranteeing the loan. Similarly, a lender who swaps a loan for equity also adjusts their expectations to the new economic reality of the asset, assets, in the business and their productive ability but with the cost of capital being higher as an owner than lender allowing them to maximize their return.In the case of a country like Greece - or any of the other "peripheral" European countries - it is difficult to see austerity policies outside of this framework: a revaluation of assets and their economic/productive value over time. Requiring a country to engage in austerity for a given period of time should allow those assets to take on a value that brings their economic returns back in line with market rates and thus become competitive once again. However, this process also requires changing the rules of the game - the laws - in such a manner that the assets maintain that level of return and this where the rub is: some of these new laws just go against the cultural norms of that society making their implementation less efficient than in other circumstances. The EU knows and recognizes this by allowing the laws enacted centrally to be applied differently on a national level. Austerity policies fail because not everyone is the same. Read moreObviously, you assume that the value of, e.g., Greek nature is the value investors are willing to give for such investment in Greece, including any problems that may be caused by domestic laws. You must be kidding. Maybe you think the value of Parthenon is similar?Anyway... You write:"they focus exclusively on loans instead of on the assets on which those loans have been issued and the value of which underpins the loan valuation".The value of assets was assessed at the time of the loan: this is the problem. The lender wants a minimum face value returned. The value of the assets, now: this part of the analysis is the obvious to everyone! The banks (this specific category of lenders, with absurd privileges) created so much money (out of thin air), so much that most other assets were devalued! This says nothing about the real value of the assets. It only reflects the placement of the *money* (not value) of the lenders!!!Even with the kind of analysis you prefer, this situation is conclusively against the (specific kind of) lenders. Read moreWhere are the financial engineers when you need them1) to give the ECB tools to deal with capital markets and the real economy separately, even without a credible fiscal partner; and2) to establish bankruptcy proceedings for sovereign debtors.No ideology needed; these are just problems of institutional reform. Read moreMost of the Greek debt is held by european finance institutions, namely the EFSF and ECB.What would Americans say if the Fedreal Reserve Bankrupted the American tresury?The Euro design is attrocious and an error. How did we end up with this institutions I don't know, but for the sake of progress we need to reform them, and one of the things we need to do is to somehow consolidate the ECB with tresury, so no un-necessary pain is inflicted. Read moreJose, you say that "The Euro design is attrocious and an error"and I totaly AGREE with your stance. But a viable reform of our flawed institutions is a big deal anyway which will require the unanimity of the EU countries. Good luck! Read moreProject Syndicate provides readers with original, engaging, and thought-provoking commentaries by global leaders and thinkers. By offering incisive perspectives from those who are shaping the world's economics, politics, science, and culture, Project Syndicate has created an unrivaled global venue for informed public debate.