Learn From the Best Traders OnlineYou have come to the right place! We believe that the fastest way to become a successful stock trader is to be surrounded by traders with years of experience and a variety of backgrounds. The Stock Aviator community is a diverse group of professional and part ­time traders with a common goal of profiting from the stock market. Instead of challenging the market by yourself, we treat it more like a team sport.Our chat room is buzzing with new stock trade ideas and strategies on a daily basis. Thousands of dollars of trading profits are generated from our chat room every single day. New traders who are serious about their success are always welcome.Premium Members also have access to mentor traders who will answer any questions they have regarding trading on an individual basis. Follow a single guru, or all 6 gurus for no additional charge. Our members receive alerts via text, email, and the chat room.Daily Watch Lists deliver a steady stream of the best stocks to buy or hot penny stocks to watch. The Stock Aviator team has an excellent track record of successful stock picks.StockAviator StockAviator is a veteran trader in the OTC, NASDAQ, and NYSE markets. He posts consistent gains from trades on both the long and the short side. StockAviator is an expert in recognizing momentum before the breakout happens.WiseTrader WiseTrader is a small and micro cap trader with an impressive win rate. He trades specific catalysts in conjunction with technical analysis for high risk/reward plays. Typically trades on the short side, but will go long if the opportunity arises.MooCow Moocow specializes in using technical indicators to predict future momentum breakouts. Typically looks for scalp and day trade opportunities, but will swing trade on confirmed technical breakouts. He is a highly consistent trader.VegasTrader VegasTrader has had tremendous success as a fundamental investor for over 20 years. His trading style is a mix of day and swing trading and has been extremely effective at finding explosive set-ups.JBush Jbush is primarily a swing trader who specializes in finding bio-tech stock plays long before breakouts. He consistently posts large gains of over 20% due to his expertise in finding breakout trade set-ups before the rest of the market sees them.Russian A very adaptive trader with 15 years of trading experience. Feels comfortable making scalp, day or swing trades basing his trading decisions off of daily technical set-ups and news with momentum. He has an very high win rate.