Smith was hired as an assistant coach at North Carolina by Frank McGuire as the playing career of retired Fayetteville dentist Dr. Joe Quigg was ending. Quigg is remembered for hitting the winning free throws in North Carolina's 1957 NCAA title win over Kansas.Quigg was under contract to the New York Knicks while trying to rehab a fractured leg after he graduated. He came back to North Carolina and served as Smith's assistant coach with the freshman team.McGuire preferred a more freelance style of play while Smith was already developing the assist-oriented offense he'd become famous for at North Carolina.Quigg remembers telling the Tar Heel players of the time they would love Smith as a coach but would hate his offense."I went into dentistry and he became a hall of fame coach,'' Quigg said.Like many others, Quigg said one of Smith's best talents was his memory for names."He could remember everybody that played on his teams,'' Quigg said. "He could remember guys that tried out. He remembered my wife's name, my children's names. He prided himself on that.''Dunn native Marsha Mann Lake, whose jersey hangs in the rafters of Carmichael Arena as one of UNC's greatest women's players, remembered a time when the women's team wasn't treated as well as it is now.It was halftime of a game in Carmichael, and the UNC women were meeting on the steps just off the main floor because they had no dressing room of their own.Coach Smith walked by and asked why they were there. When they told him, he made arrangements for them to use the men's lockerroom until they got their own quarters.Lake said Smith allowed her to watch his practices from the stands and invited her to be an instructor at his basketball camp."He was a fabulous coach, fabulous person,'' she said.Terry Sanford High School boys' basketball coach Bill Boyette played on the North Carolina junior varsity team during his years at UNC. When his 1995 Cary team won the state 4-A championship, he was invited to speak at one of Smith's basketball camps."There was a certain defense we ran at Cary that he ran at UNC,'' Boyette said. When Smith introduced Boyette, he told the audience that Boyette's team ran the defense better than his own."What stands out most is the way he cared about his players,'' Boyette said. "He stayed in touch with so many of them and was a big part of their lives.''Elizabethtown businessman Ricky Leinwand traces his memories of Smith back to his college days at UNC, including a stint as an usher at Carmichael.His college fraternity held an annual fundraiser called "A Mile of Pennies" in which they laid a row of pennies from Granville Towers to Morehead Planetarium. Each year's drive had an honorary chairman, and Leinwand was able to land Smith."I've got a picture of Dean and me on the wall in my store,'' Leinwand said.The day he took the photo, Leinwand said he asked how the recruiting of future UNC star Phil Ford from Rocky Mount was going."He said, 'As soon as I take this picture, I'm going to Rocky Mount and sign him,''' Leinwand said.Even though he knew Smith had been in failing health for some time, Leinwand said the news of his death Sunday morning still struck hard."Any Carolina alumni or anyone that loves Carolina associates Dean Smith with Carolina basketball,'' he said. "He impacted a lot of players. He was such an innovator and just a great, great coach.''