Locker Rooms by Patty LesserLike most people, Alida has contemplated one of life’s biggest mysteries: What happens to your soul when you die? What if it is stolen by a cruel demon, and your eternity’s resting place becomes an empty locker in a secret cavern? What if the biblical hell was a real place, where real people suffered unspeakably?It is real, and it is a horrifying place, where the souls of good people are imprisoned with no hope for escape or rescue ... until Alida appears. Putting her life in jeopardy, Alida battles a wicked demon and even the true devil to win the right to free the souls and return them to their own graves, where they can rest in peace.Locker Rooms is a story of love and hate, friends and enemies, religion and history, and the eternal battle between good and evil. It tells the story of a lost woman who changes her life when she saves the souls of good people being imprisoned by a demon for his own narcissistic pleasure. What she experiences in the process will change her life forever....If this book fails social media etiquette please report the book hereHave You Read This BookThen the Author would appreciate a review, it doesn't have to be a large review just a simple one will do, with a few lines describing what you liked about the book. CLICK ME or the image right for a USA review or CLICK ME for a UK review.Fantasy BooksFiction BooksRomance BooksLocker Rooms by Patty LesserThank you for visiting the book Locker Rooms by Patty Lesser. We hope you will add it to your collection of kindle books. Above you will find ways to social interact with this book and just above we have displayed some other books that have similar categories to this book. Readers Gazette is always looking for ways to improve its service of providing novels for you to read, please contact us via the ABOUT button with any suggestions of improvements. This book and others like it can be found by searching the genresFantasy BooksLocker Rooms by Patty Lesser This book has a genre of Fantasy, Fantasy Books would be about out of the normal world fiction where the creatures or places would be fantastic, mythological, such beings as vampires, werewolves or fairies. Where there could also be dragons and magic, they can also have a Sci-Fi element to them also. Famous Fantasy Books include Harry Potter, The Hobbit, A Game Of Thrones and Lord of the Rings.Fiction BooksLocker Rooms by Patty Lesser No description available yetRomance BooksLocker Rooms by Patty Lesser This book has a genre of Romance, Romance books are usually love stories with happy endings but this is not always the case. A lot of Romantic Books would also fall under Female Literature Books and Chick-Lit Books. Mills $ Boon Books would be classed as Romance Books.ReadersGazette.Com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.49q?: The Enigma Continues by AnonymousCONTAINS SCENES OF SEX & VIOLENCE ൹q? The Enigma Continues" is book two of a series of three highconcept novels that transcend place and time. Structured as thirteen musical tracks on a CD album, this novel begins simply, opening up multiple plot lines, but quickly lures you down the Alice in Wonderlandlike rabbit hole (especially if you follow the telepathic, white rabbit!) A Ulysseslike epic that will suck you in to this peculiar world, chew you around for a bit, before spitting you...As the focal point of a society built more upon willpower and with intellectual energy than a tall body or muscled back, the Tyrini Academy all but breeds individuals rich with culture, genius, and an intense grasp on the magical power known as Thaumaturgy. The Academy, however, is built on a secret history that not only altered the course of a nation's history, but redefined the very fabric of Tyrini genetics. Every Academy class is forced to undergo strict tests and daring trials,...Firelord's Heir (The Firelord's Legacy Book 2) by Dee HarrisonFirelord's Heir, the eagerlyawaited sequel to The Firelord's Crown.Now a prince in exile, Falath faces an uncertain future in a land of strangers; some of them friends, others most definitely enemies.Falath and Airen negotiate the dangers of new realms as they journey to the mystical heart of Mandras. They have the missing piece of the Firelord’s Crown but others want it too and will stop at nothing to acquire it. Falath must learn to control and develop his gifts of maisterie...Warning: Something Else Is Happening by Lindsay EdmundsOften the Singularity is imagined in apocalyptic terms: the end of one world and the beginning of another, like earth and heaven. I don't see it that way. I saw a new order of beings called ebeasts. The Internet is their natural environment, like water is to fish.They can do anything on the Internet (aka, Networld) because the limits do not apply to them. They look down on people generally, but not all of them are set on world domination.Some, called Sparks, are barely aware they...The Shadow Rises (Witch-Hunter Book 1) by K. S. MarsdenWitches are real, and to be blunt, they’re all blackhearted, and evil. These are not wiccans, bored housewives and teens that wore too much black, playing with candles and poems; witches are a different breed that use magic with devastating effect.Charged with stopping the witches, taking whatever measures necessary, there are witchhunters, all reporting to the Malleus Maleficarum Council (MMC). For hundreds of years witches have been persecuted and when the powerful Shadow Witch...