Follow by EmailFriday, February 6, 2015Enter to Win A Sea-Faring Romance By MaryLu TyndallI wrote throughout high school and even sent queries to publishers. But then I took a break. I didn't get serious about writing and publishing again until the Spring of 2010. That Spring, I started writing a historical Christian romance set in Ancient Rome, For Life or Until. It isn't published yet, but I learned a lot writing it. Anyway, to aid me in writing that book, I began devouring every historical inspirational romance in sight. The librarians at our Alabama military base were on a first name basis with me. One of the authors I discovered during that time period was MaryLu Tyndall. So imagine my surprise when I met MaryLu Tyndall on an online authors' group. I'm honored to introduce MaryLu Tyndall's latest sea-faring novel, Tears of the Sea, below. You can also ENTER TO WIN the book.Doomed by the evil warlock Forwin to wander the ancient seas as a mermaid for all eternity, Perdita longs for the release death would bring. Every ten years she has a chance to break the curse when she emerges from the sea fully human for one month. The catch? She must find a man willing to die for her.Captain Savion Ryne wants nothing to do with beautiful women. It was one such woman whose betrayal ruined his life and his reputation. After nearly drowning in a storm at sea, he wakes on an island with visions of a dark haired mermaid pulling him from the water. When a woman similar in appearance begs for his protection, he is suspicious.Perdita has never met anyone as honorable as Savion. Even though he shuns her every advance, she falls for him. But as the end of her time on land approaches, she faces the hardest decision of all, save Savion and remain cursed for all eternity or break the curse and watch the man she loves die.What Others Are Saying About Tears of the SeaI cannot recommend this spell-binding, thrilling and heart-rending story highly enough. The ripples from this tale left me truly stirred and inspired. And I found that, as in all of MaryLu’s novels, that the exquisite story-telling and the vivid, expressive descriptions throughout were simply sublime! This tempest on land, sea, and in the heart, is immersed in ingenious spiritual analogies taking this page-turning fantasy to one of perfection. Highly recommended!~Noela Nancarrow, Book ReviewerPowerful, compelling and intriguing!! Mermaids, warlocks, hope, sacrifice,faith, redemption are only a few things you will find in Ms. Tyndall's latest adventure~April Renn, My Book AddictionMarylu Tyndall is incredibly skilled at creating fascinating and relatable characters and story lines! ~Stacey BenezeEnter to WIN one of TWO copies by commenting below. Make sure I have your email address by signing up for my newsletter on the right-hand side. (I promise not to spam you. I only send out emails if I have a book release. :) ENDS 2/20/15Award winning author MaryLu Tyndall dreamt of pirates and sea-faring adventures during her childhood days on Florida's Coast. With more than fourteen books published, she makes no excuses for the spiritual themes embedded within her romantic adventures. Her hope is that readers will not only be entertained but will be brought closer to the Creator who loves them beyond measure. In a culture that accepts the occult, wizards, zombies, and vampires without batting an eye, MaryLu hopes to show the awesome present and powerful acts of God in a dying world. A Christy award nominee, MaryLu makes her home with her husband, six children, and several stray cats on the California coast.