Liability:First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only. Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use.Students who are unable to afford Ashford University online courses by themselves often have to seek financial aid. There are several different types of financial aid, and many students are able to secure multiple forms, thereby decreasing the financial burden of attending college. Just because you have qualified for one package does not mean you are unable to take advantage of others.The first step to obtaining financial aid for Ashford University online courses is to fill out a FAFSA, or Free Application for Federal Student Aid. This form is required for federal- and state-funded student aid programs, as well as financial aid packages offered by individual institutions. You do not have to be accepted to a college or university in order to apply, though you will not receive the package until you are enrolled in the school of your choice.Most people start filling out FAFSA forms in January or February of the year in which students plan on attending the fall semester. It must be completed at least ninety days prior to the start of the academic year, so it is important to complete the paperwork as quickly as possible. After you have submitted it and the application is reviewed, you will learn which of the student aid packages you qualify for.If you are unsure how to fill out the FAFSA form, or if you are confused about financial aid, a college counselor is an excellent resource. He or she can answer all your questions and even help you fill out the paperwork. This is a great way to ensure you make no mistakes for which application revisions will be required. Keep in mind that federal gift aid is only one option when it comes to financing Ashford University online courses. You might also consider applying for student loans. It is true that loans must be paid back, but the payment schedules are usually very flexible, and interest rates are lower than what you would find in a personal loan or line of credit. Approximately 60 percent of college students have to borrow at least a portion of their tuition to make it through college, and that number gets larger every year since students who are currently under 30 years of age borrow more frequently than students of past generations.Student loans also do not have to be paid back until the student withdraws from school or graduates. At that point, the loans are repaid on a monthly or quarterly schedule.The requirements for financial aid eligibility depend on the source of funding. In most cases, in order to receive financial assistance with Ashford University online course tuition, you will need to be able to demonstrate a financial need. This means that, based on your income level, you are unable to afford the costs of attending school. You will also have to sign a contract for repayment of the aid if it comes in the form of a loan, and you will have to maintain acceptable school performance in accordance with the agreement.Students who need financial aid must reapply each academic year. In other words, once you finish your first year of school, you will have to fill out and submit a new FAFSA form. This is to determine whether the student's financial situation has changed, and if so, how it will affect the amount of money offered in financial aid. Financial aid is used to pay not only for tuition, but also for other educational expenses, such as purchasing books for college courses and paying administrative fees. In some cases, financial aid packages can also be used to supplement living expenses.No Implied Endorsement:First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company.No Warranty:Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites.