Friday, 6 February 2015A Brief Guide To The Stars Of The @MYSADCAT Twitter AccountTHE BEARThe Bear - aka @MYSADCAT - is, by some distance, the most polite cat I've ever met. When he wants food, he asks for it not with a meow, but by nodding eagerly towards the food cupboard. Now 19, and a bit of a Benjamin Button cat (he's starting to look something like his age now but looked older at 5 than he did at 17), he has more of a meeoop than a meow: a noise that, despite its gentle nature, can pull noisily at your heart strings with its central question, which usually seems to translate as, "Can you tell me why I am a cat, please?" While other cats throw their weight about in various ways, punching each other & killing rodents, The Bear adopts a pacifist lifestyle and prefers to spend the day following me around, staring at me with his big saucer eyes, which seem to contain all the world's sadness. I did once catch him sitting alone with a dead mouse but I think another cat had killed it, and he just wanted to read some elegiac poetry to it.RALPH"Can cats actually have sideburns?" you might wonder. The answer to the question, for anyone who has encountered Ralph - aka @MYSMUGCAT - is an emphatic "Yes!" Frequently compared to such hirsute mid-20th Century male pin-ups as Jim Morrison and Parallax View-era Warren Beatty, Ralph is simultaneously the most pretty and the most narcissistic of my cats. His beauty comes at a price, though - largely that of being a magnet to parasites and other creepy-crawlies, never more so than during the autumn of 2012, when he averaged around two slugs on his back per day. This wasn't ideal, especially when I found one of the slugs swimming around in my unattended morning cereal. That said, I found the image of the slugs on his back wasn't quite so bad if I imagined that each one was a small snake riding a horse. Ralph is also known for being able to meow his own name. It's a clever habit. Alternatively, perhaps he's just one of those annoying cats who like to refer to themselves in the third person.SHIPLEYImagine a fur-covered mix of Malcolm Tucker from The Thick Of It, a medieval fool employed to entertain those who pay for his food, a punk rock musician and an unusually large, especially persistent meat fly, and you pretty much have Shipley - aka @MYSWEARYCAT - down to a tee. Picked as an "extra", way back in 2001 when I adopted his brother, Ralph, due to the fact he was the runt of the litter and I felt sorry for him, he soon grew into a personality that was anything but runtish, and got into the habit of walking around the house swear-meowing, batting The Bear on the head and chewing any paperback book I was remiss enough to leave lying around. Shipley is constantly in my face, talking trash. This persona can only be defused by picking him up and turning him upside down, at which point he will become as mellow as a Grateful Dead fan at a "legalise cannabis" fundraiser, and purr in a such a powerful way, you suspect it could serve as a renewable energy source.ROSCOEPrincess was born into a cultured environment in Kilburn, West London, in February 2012, then, a few months later, cruelly transported into a far less cultured one, in Norfolk, by her new owners and given the name of a dead American man from the 1800s. Roscoe now lives in Devon with three male cats, all of whom are much older and much bigger, but significantly less hard, than her. Her hobbies include hedgerow admin, flirting with strange men at the pub near our house, dancing into the kitchen on her back legs whilst doing "paw high fives", and eating human hair. She is still feeling very bitter about not being picked to star in the new Batman film, although has hopes she will not be overlooked for the sequel 'Batman Returns: As A Small, Businesslike Female Cat'.GEORGEGeorge is a former stray who lived here in Devon with me for six months: first in a bush in my garden, then - after I'd taken him to the vet to get his unusually huge balls cut off - on various chairs, cushions and freshly washed jumpers inside my house. I'd initially thought he was a rough cat from a nearby problem area putting the muscle on The Bear, Ralph, Shipley and Roscoe but he soon transpired to be a lover, not a fighter. This was confirmed during his first week living here, when he purred at a bee. He was, however, a little too much of a lover, his sex drive and his lust for Roscoe not diminishing, even post-castration (hence her escapes to the pub). Out of fairness to Roscoe, he now lives at my mum and dad's house in Nottinghamshire, is getting increasingly round, and experimenting with various new sounds - one of which, my mum tells me, is "like a quiet cockerel".The Bear, Ralph, Shipley and Roscoe all feature in my books Under The Paw, Talk To The Tailand The Good, The Bad And The Furry.If you're in the UK and want to support independent publishers, the best place to order from online is HiveMy new book Close Encounters Of The Furred Kind (which features George, as well as the other cats) is published in October.29 comments:Anonymous said...Thank you so very much for the brief guide.....I am completely enamored with you and all the cats, first and foremost, Bear. If only I weren't old enough to be you granny, it makes me sad, and I'm not even a cat!! Absolutely love all the things you write, and zany humor. Thank you, thank youMy boy Mitz is a contender for Ralph's side-burn fame. He's a longish-haired Grey Tabby (looks like a furry Bonsai Snow Leopard) & could give Ralph a run for his money on the the 'catwalk' ('runway' for Merkins). He's also very smug. I reckon he & Ralph would get on, except Mitz is too lazy to do anything except eat & be cuddled to sleep.I love all cats, but I feel a strong tie to Bear, as he looks exactly like my late Dwight, the absolutely best cat I've ever known. He passed away at 17 two years ago, and I still miss him. He sounds a lot like Bear, also. He dealt with my other cats, Kramer, who was very sweet yet neurotic, the twins, Philip and Lillian, two tabbies that grew to detest each other but loved Dwight, and the beautiful Alice, who liked to think of Dwight as her personal plaything. Dwight was definitely the touchstone of the group, they all loved him. I see him in Bear. Love your humor, also. Thanks!Thanks for the guide. I love the bear. My own cat, a tortie called Shanti is 19 and (touch wood) going strong. She had an air of been there, done that and nothing seems to faze her (so long as she can lie on the floor above the heating pipes). Love her to bits and love hearing about your lot. Can't wait for the next book.Sitting very uncomfortably reading your beautiful blog whilst one of my cats takes up most of the space on the chair. He's fast asleep now so I don't want to disturb him despite an aching back and a cramp beginning in my foot. Thank you for the stories you write. I don't feel quite so weird now. xLovely guide to the Cox Crew for those that haven't read the books - they come very highly recommended!Looking forward to number 4, Tom - have already read the other 3 twice. Warning to all - don't read whilst on public transport - you'll get some funny looks when you're snorting at a particularly funny bit!Love to all xxxxxMy 4 lady cats are besotted with The Bear. Now we have a dog I suspect they are secretly stock piling travel snacks in an old suitcase. I caught Holly trying to get in the drawer where I keep the TomTom too. I have checked all your books and don't think there is enough information for them to deduce your address but cats can surprise you with their ingenuity. So if 4 lady cats arrive with a TomTom and 1950's suitcase full of tuna treats please send them home......Thank you, lovely to know who's who and who's what. I love your blog, and like another commenter, I am currently sitting here with backache as one of my Siamese occupies my lap, looking reproachful. The other one is in their shared (and heated) bed, also looking reproachful because (a) she's not got the lap and (b) the first one has been sick in it - although we've cleared it up, she's not happy. We are all slavesI think that you and The Bear plus cohorts, help many non cat people become cat people, and your SOH simply wonderful, keep writing you have so many, many fan's all over the world, your parents have so much to be proud of well done. Julie Wilson Auckland New Zealand ps looking forward very much to the next book, thinking I will be purring with delight as I read it.