Today I went to a Lyme disease support group in Seattle. I was in two minds about going, partly because this past week has been pretty out of control with my health going downwards (I'm starting some new IV medication on Monday), and partly because I've become so isolated that it can get harder and harder to leave that isolation. I am so glad I went. It's always hard to sit and pretend all this crazy stuff isn't going on in your body, but these are women who understand that. They were welcoming and honest and kind, depsite the torment they endure on a daily basis because of Lyme disease. We talked about what we've learned through all this, about doctors, treatments and how we've been both hindered and helped by others. So I just wanted to go with that current feeling and thank those who have supported me while I go through this mess, be it with cards, donations, lifts, fundraising, thoughts, messages, anything at all. I'm so bloody cold all the time, but your kindness makes me feel warm, even if my hands and feet are still blue :) Just, thank you so much.Here we are 'taking a bite out of Lyme' for the #Lymediseasechallenge!I've run into more health complications than I could have imagined out here so it would be really great to get your help making this event a success. So if you and your friends fancy an ol' wager in good company head down to the Old Orchard for 8pm! It should be a really fun evening and there are still plenty of prizes to be won :) Join the event page here or just come on by, lots of lovely horses to bet on!https://www.facebook.com/events/852816994777481/Do take photos! It seems like a very long time since I've seen a familiar face so I'd love to see them. Time goes slowly here, with weekends spent alone waiting for another Monday at the clinic and the miracle to arrive that didn't come the week before. Or even one tiny thing to turn me in the right direction. Blind hope is a peculiar thing.A fact about Seattle folk: they seem to love puns. So far I have seen a dental clinic called 'Fiddler on the Tooth', and an opticians called 'Spex in the City'.Just a note that tomorrow's golf classic has been postponed. The race night at the Old Orchard will still be happening on Thursday the 23rd at 8pm! Ali Chawke and the pub staff have put so much effort into making sure it will be a lot of fun, so head along and take lots of photos for me :)Things are still not going well in Seattle. Being in the top 5% of sickest people your doctors have ever seen, when you know they've seen some of the worlds most ill patients, is a strange feeling. And hearing you need 4 dental surgeries that will add up to $8,000 to stop the tooth infections spreading to the rest of your body is scary, I just can't afford that on top of everything else.One nice thing, a caregiver came by and cleaned up a little, did some laundry, helped me take a shower and pre-chopped a pile of vegetables for me. I may have shed a few tears of relief and tried to give several awkward hugs. But really though, why do jeans & towels dry but socks remain damp and evil?Just finished my first week at the clinic. Things are very complicated and not going well so far, my health is still accelerating in the wrong direction. But the doctors are very knowledgeable and doing their best.My sinuses are so infected along with everywhere else, that they are basically collapsing into my mouth, causing gum and teeth infections. So I have to get a tooth pulled and some cavitation surgeries. The dentist here is as crazily expensive as at home, so if anyone has any fundraising ideas please give me a shout! It looks like I might need surgery on my tonsils too. I also need to hire care once a week, I can't clean myself, my clothes or where I'm staying. It's pretty insane for me to be out here alone but I have no choice. The best news so far is that the grocery store delivers, and for just $3.99!I hope you're all doing well, if it's possible I think it rains here even more than it does at home!Thank you so much to the Old Orchard for last night. It was so nice to see people having fun, though it was getting very competitive! :) Congratulations to the quiz and raffle winners. Next up is the golf classic on the 19th and the race night on the 23rd!The very nice folks at the Old Orchard Inn in Rathfarnham have organized three events over the next month to help me reach the fund goal, so I can hopefully get well. They are: Pub quiz and raffle, Tuesday March 31st @ 8pm Golf Classic, Sunday April 19th all day @ Lisheen Springs Race Night & raffle, Thursday April 23rd @ 8pm. They've put a lot of work into the events so they should be a lot of fun for all who go! I'm hoping to be in Seattle by the time the golf and race events come around, but will be at the pub quiz for a bit if anyone wants to wish me luck in person :) Please spread the word if you know anyone who loves a Springtime tour around a golf course or an ol' gamble! There are some great prizes to be won too.Thank you so much, I hope you've all been able to soak up some sunshine the last few days!A year ago today I lost all of my hair due to alopecia caused by medication and my system being so dysfunctional that I get the rarest side effects to everything. I marked the occasion by using a hair dryer for the first time since then! It felt pretty strange and I have a newfound understanding why dogs stick their heads out of car windows.No one knew if it would grow back, which worried me most because my body can't keep itself warm so I was freezing without my hat of hair. I'm so grateful it reappeared!I'm hoping to have another fundraising event or two within the next month so I can finally make it to Seattle, so stay tuned :) Thank you so much to everyone sharing the gofundme link with your friends, both you and they have been so kind to a stranger in need.So the coffee eve & morning went really well! It was a long and very exhausting weekend for me but it was so nice to meet so many supportive, warm and generous people. Though that may have been a caffeine and sugar high from all the coffee and cake :)Thank you so much to everyone who came by, to my lovely volunteers and the businesses who donated so much food and raffle prizes. Some people who had been at Saturday mass came back on the Sunday morning just to donate, I'm continually amazed by such kindness.And to my anonymous neighbour who left a box with €10 and two bags of homemade mini banana buns on my doorstep with a note that just said 'working today, good luck', thank you, whoever you are!Also, a dear friend of mine has set up a Facebook page for the fund, for anyone who wants to follow its progress.There will be a coffee morning and raffle in the pastoral centre of Ballyroan parish church this Saturday March 7th from 7-9pm and on Sunday March 8th from 10am -2pm, for any churchgoers, caffeine lovers or raffle dabblers.You can just come along after the masses too if you'd rather (so around 7.45pm on Saturday and 10.45am/12.45pm Sunday :) ) I'll be there for a bit doing my best to say a few words and brew a few cupain tae.Raffle tickets are €2 each or 6 for €10. If you can't make it along but would like to enter the raffle, you can make an online donation and send me a message with a note of your name and phone number, winners will contacted by Sunday evening. you're welcome to include a ''hint'' about the particular prize you're after :)I hope to get to meet a few of you there!Denise xAlso, while it's always lovely to get congratulatory messages, there is some confusion about the goal being met. I still need to raise a sizeable amount after using the first third to pay for treatment in California. So I need to raise the goal on the site to reflect the honest amount still left to go. I could never have imagined how great medical costs could be, it's certainly humbling. Thank you for your understanding <3Last night the goal reached €35,000! It's incredible. Thank you all so much, for your big hearts and kind messages. I have a lot of neurological issues caused by lyme, so even if I don't reply, please know that they mean a lot to me.The fund will stay open, as a third of the money went towards the first round of treatment in California. So while I still have a lot more to raise, I'm really hoping now that I can make it to Seattle sooner rather than later.Update: a few good folks have been asking when I'm travelling to Seattle. unfortunately the treatment start date has been postponed a little due to the severity of my condition, their senior most doctor is understandably swamped and just doesn't have the availability at the moment for the kind of intensive care and time that I need. So while my illness progresses very quickly, they feel it is best to wait until he can give my situation the medical attention it needs. I also haven't reached the fund goal yet so just can't afford to go at the moment. It's a ways off but hopefully it will get there with the help of the kind public!A belated happy Valentine's Day, this song is from me to you for all of your generosity!Today the fund hit €29,000! I am astounded by your generosity and genuine wishes to see me get well. Some of the comments being left with the donations are both breaking and warming my heart, especially from those who are also battling serious illnesses.As the first third of the money that has been raised was used for the original treatment round in California, who were unfortunately not equipped to deal with a patient as ill as I am, and have referred me to the specialist clinic in Seattle, I will need to raise the goal a bit to be able to pay for the three months of intensive treatments and medication there. I feel a huge amount of guilt about having to do this, but if I don't I won't be able to afford the prescriptions so I must to focus on that.I don't have a Facebook account for the fund yet, but I do have this page https://m.facebook.com/profile.php?id=827659957268970 where I try to keep things on the lighter side if anyone would like to follow it for a better idea of who their donations are going to :)A massive thank you to everyone involved with the bag pack over the weekend, whether you donated or carefully packed those eggs and bananas, it was a great success especially after being so last minute! Here are some of the lovely packers who were up at the crack of dawn on Saturday morning!For any gig goers in Dublin this week, this is happening on Thursday night in Whelanshttps://m.facebook.com/profile.php?id=601216163358167 I'm very thankful to these busy bands for being kind enough to make the evening happen. Good job by the guys at The Irish Times Ticket for featuring the listing (Photo+top right) on Friday!The aim is for kindly people to sponsor you a few sheckles for looking ridiculous, by which I mean spectacular. Don't forget to post your finest sweater selfie #3000tenners to the event page, we could all use a chuckle!Thank you so much for your donations big, small and in between. Every little helps towards getting the urgent medical treatment that will hopefully be the first step on a long road towards regaining my health and my life. I cant explain adequately how much your generosity means to me, but they are donations of hope.As Captain Planet would say, 'let our powers combine'. In this case, the power of cake jumpers!I would like to say a huge thank you for your donations, for sharing the link and spreading the word to help me on my way to raise the funds I need to get this treatment. You are all incredibly kind and I am so grateful for your help and for your encouraging and thoughtful comments. I don't know where I would be without it. I hope you all have the nicest of Christmases, may your day be Merry and Bright. Denise xhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0Jx0yDTrot4hey pals. so I'm back in Ireland. It was a long journey home involving heart palpitations, profuse sweating, falling and hitting my head in the airport, throwing up on the plane... Treatment in California did not go as planned, the many infections I have are far more widespread, invasive and complex than anyone could have imagined. My time there was spent pretty much putting any and every conventional and alternative substance into every body route possible... It was harrowing, but just the possibilty of a positive effect got me through. Unfortunately that never came though, so It has been recommended that I go to an even more specialized clinic in Seattle at the end of January. I can't imagine physically or financially being able to make that trip, so as my health gets worse and worse and I can't do anything about the obstacles I've been concentrating on having a hot water bottle glued to my kidneys and thinking that my hair makes me look like a member of One Direction. I honestly just don't know anymore. I cry a lot, and hope that this is all for a reason, that it will benefit someone, someday, somehow. xToday I thought a lot about.... Not getting better. When you've exhausted so many avenues literally all over the world and your arrow is still pointing downwards, what Can you do? I'm not too young to go, I've experienced some of the big things in life, seen some strange and beautiful places and met some incredible people. Sometimes it seems like the only thing to do is to lay down your sword and shield, down by the river side, down by the river side.apologies for the delayed update, it's been a crazy week of travel, jet lag, trying to get settled, meeting my doctors, carers and other patients at the clinic and trying treatments so my body/brain has been quite overloaded! things are not going well so far. my body is so sick that the treatments they had planned and hoped would helped have just been aggravating things and i've been getting worse. so they want to try more IV treatments and injections etc...but it means this trip will take a lot longer and be a lot more expensive than I had hoped. so if anyone has any fund raising ideas or thoughts please get in touch. also feel free to msg me anything random, it's all a bit scary being out here on my own!Thank you so much to everyone for continuing to share and donate to the fund , and for contacting me offering to help with raising money! You're an amazing lot. Please keep contributing and sharing the link, if 3,000 give €10 I can go for treatment, I just need it to reach enough kind folk! <3I'm going to try to go for treatment in the US. I have to give it a shot. It would be months of IV medication and nutrients and whatever else they can throw at and into my body that might help. I am due my first appointment at the clinic on 28th October, but I need to raise a lot of funds by then. As Bill Pullman says in Independence Day, 'we will not go quietly into the night, we will not vanish without a fight'.So today I went hatless for the first time since my hair fell out. (Alopecia was a side effect of medication i was prescribed, after just 3days of it I was completely bald). It's grown back about two inches, and strangers seemed confused as to whether I was sick, a lesbian, a boy, or trying to go for some kind of pixie cut and overshot a little/a lot. So my scalp's taste of freedom only lasted about an hour, though my friends know my relationship with my hat goes way back to years before illness!Things with my body have snowballed the past year to depths of craziness I could never have imagined in the worst of nightmares. Too much to comprehend or explain. The best of friends seem somehow to have understood this and not asked questions, which is amazing to me and I am forever grateful for their compassion and patience.Illness shows you a lot about yourself and also about the nature of people, and while I've been heartbroken by some, so many have shown me a light in themselves that I may have gone unnoticed by me before and that is such a shame on my part.The rare time I spend with friends is spent trying to pretend my body isn't a zoo of infections with insane things going on in there without relent. I don't see straight, which makes me most upset because I want so much to be able to fully appreciate and enjoy and remember the incredible people that sit in front of me, and to give them the attention and love and laughter that they deserve. I never thought I'd say the words 'feel' and 'blessed' together, but I am very much so. Though at times it's hard to feel anything other than cursed, which any of the incredibly strong people I've encountered who are also battling serious illness will understand.A lot of the time I feel let down. Let down by those I thought I was closer to ( though this has also felt like embarrassment and foolishness on my part like I was wearing rose tinted glasses or those eye open spectacles Homer Simpson wears during jury duty), by some family, by doctors, by my body ( I thought it was supposed be this amazing thing, that as I've never been fully healthy I never got to really experience the great things that life has to offer, whether it's something like nutrition or touch or never feeling wholly present or adventure etc), and I feel so much like I've let my friends down because I couldn't recover.A few clinics in the states agreed to consultations with me but that would have been the beginning of a road that most likely lead to nowhere and hundreds of thousands of euro of debt. Even without them I am in great debt from doctor, medication, supplements bill etc and even having to source organic cotton clothing and bedding online as anything else makes my skin burn, and just not being able to earn an income.My days are long and spent staring at a computer screen searching for explanations, answers, medications, herbs, help from anywhere that never comes. Desperately hoping that I will be able to digest the next meal I eat - to make me strong instead of weak and giving my infections nourishment instead of me, and praying that somehow none of this is real.My life has become a waiting game, waiting to see if my hope will win and I can just take one single deep refreshing breath in a day, waiting for my eyes to focus, waiting for answers, waiting to see if I pretend to healthy&happy with a friend or a Facebook comment or shop assistant will it miraculously become reality, waiting to see if i can make it upstairs at the end of the day instead of my dad hurting his back carrying me to bed, waiting for an end whatever form that comes as.I've been very lucky to make friends in the far reaches of the world and it's beyond my brain power and energy level to reply sometimes or explain the situation individually so this is my attempt for now!I have had digestive and immune system problems since birth, but these went undiagnosed so I never received the early treatment these infections require.I moved to Canada for 4 years and had many mosquito and tick bites. I spent the last two years of my time there going to doctors and consultants, as the gut problems I had since childhood worsened. I had never even heard the word 'lyme' then. I came home due to my illness getting out of control and becoming systemic. I have spent another two years here begging doctors and hospitals for help.As I went so long without a diagnosis, things have progressed to a life threatening state. I have Lyme disease, pneumonia, gastroparesis, chronic gastritis, and many bacterial, fungal, viral and parasitic infections. My immune system, organs, digestive and central nervous system are under constant attack.I'm completely debilitated and after countless doctors, specialists and thousands upon thousands of euro spent seeking answers all over Ireland, the UK and Canada, I am left with only one last treatment option.It is at a clinic in the US, but it's very expensive, due to the complexity of the cases they deal with. Treatment would involve months of IV medication, nutrients and other therapies.I wish for my life back. I wish to be with my friends, to work, to laugh out loud, to be able to see straight and not watch the world through a blurry surreal lens. And for the palsy, seizures, collapsing, vomiting, pain, burning, suffering and delirium to stop.As incredible as my friends have been, there is a suffocating fear and loneliness that accompanies being so incredibly ill. Repeating to yourself day and night that 'help will come, help will come, help will come', because surely, somehow, it has to?Money is such a horrible thing, but every donation however small is a tremendous help. It's a huge endeavour, but I have to try. I haven't given up yet.Denise. Your story is incredibly moving and I can't believe how strong you are enduring this especially because you are on your own in Seattle. We will light a candle for you this evening and you will be in our thoughts and prayers over the next few weeks.Campaign Not Ready There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution, it's a simple fix! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account.