War RoomThe best place to find upcoming Christian films is our monthly newsletter!Have you seen this film? Enjoyed it? Disliked it? Take a second and rate it! →VN:R_U [1.9.22_1171]Rating: 0.0/5 (0 votes cast)War RoomFilm Description:War Room – A family-friendly drama, the film is about learning to fight the right kinds of battles. Filled with humor, wit and heart, it follows Tony and Elizabeth Jordan, a middle-class couple, and their daughter, Danielle, as they struggle through personal, marital and spiritual issues. Their lives are forever changed after Elizabeth meets an elderly widow who helps her develop a secret prayer room in her home.This film’s focus on prayer strategically highlights a subject of interest to a majority of Americans. According to a National Opinion Research Center survey on frequency of prayer, nearly 90 percent of Americans claim to pray regularly. Some 60 percent say they pray at least once a day—for Christians, that number grows to 84 percent, according to a U.S. News and Beliefnet online poll. Almost 80 percent of American Christians say they pray most often at home.The story of the Jordans, as they struggle to be a family. The film features T.C. Stallings as Tony Jordan with Priscilla Shirer portraying his wife, Elizabeth Jordan, and Alena Pitts playing their 10-year-old daughter, Danielle.“The husband is a successful businessman, but more and more he’s disregarding his family, kind of putting them on the backburner as he chases his career goals,” Kendrick said. Kendrick said the wife can see how their marriage is crumbling and is eventually befriended by an elderly widow who is a “prayer warrior.”“And this elderly woman teaches this young wife how to pray and go to ‘war’ for her husband,” Kendrick said. “Instead of just fighting with him or arguing with him when he comes home she begins praying for him, very specifically, and so she, in a sense turns him over to God and says, ‘Lord, I can’t change him. I need you to intervene here.’ And so she goes to war for him and begins praying for him and we see how God intervenes and begins working in both of their lives.”“We made this film to inspire, challenge and motivate families to fight the right kind of battles and to fight them the best way possible,” said Director and Co-Writer Alex Kendrick. “We have plans for everything—careers, finances, health. But what about a strategy for prayer for our lives, our spouses and our children?”The Kendricks’ fifth film is their first project independent of Sherwood Pictures, the movie ministry of Sherwood Baptist Church. Pre-production began in 2013 with the blessing and support of the Sherwood family, where they remain associate pastors.“Sherwood is still our church home, and we’re here talking to you now only because Michael Catt, our pastor, took a risk, supported us and let us make a movie,” Alex Kendrick said.“We’re going after something here that could radically improve our culture, and moviegoers will experience it within the context of an inspiring and emotional story,” Producer and Co-Writer Stephen Kendrick said. “Prayer is so much more than people realize. It can powerfully affect every problem and need in our lives if engaged from within a vibrant relationship with God.”Release Date: (Theaters) August 28, 2015Release Date: (DVD/Blu-ray) TBA!Karen Abercrombie (left), who plays Mrs. Clara in the untitled Kendrick Brothers movie, chats with Priscilla Shirer, who plays Elizabeth Jordan in the film, while the crew prepares to shoot a scene at Pitts Baptist Church, Concord. The Kendrick Brothers are responsible for popular faith-based films such as “Fireproof” and “Courageous.” Michael Knox/mknox@independenttribune.comKendrick, Dr. Tony Evans, Beth Moore, Priscilla Shirer and Stephen Kendrick pray over the Mitchell family and ask God to bless their home in Jesus’ name (the Mitchell home served as filming location for the Jordan family). (Courtesy of AFFIRM Films/Provident Films, Photo credit: David Whitlow)» You May Also Like These Suggested Films «6 CommentsI am in AWE of these films produced, and I would love to help promote them,…..and be a part of them. Please let me know when and where so I can audition for a part, even as an extra….anything to be an inspiration to the World…[…] The storyline follows Tony and Elizabeth Jordon who are traveling through everyday middle class life. Their marriage is struggling and their hearts for one another are beginning to callous. Tony, a hard working reputable salesman, defines success through his sales and abilities to provide for his family all the while shifting his wife and daughter to the back burner in pursuit of his career. Elizabeth, recognizing the downward spiral of her marriage, knows that something must be done to change her husband but feels there is nothing she can do until she befriends an elderly widow; a “prayer warrior. The woman begins to teach Elizabeth that some battles can only be fought and won with prayer. (Christianfilmdatabase.com) […]Jeremy says10 March 15, 12:53pmThere is a conference in Oklahoma that is showing this movie next month! They have info on their website. http://www.menrewired.com ﻿