PagesTuesday, February 3, 2015Giveaway: Karen Memory by Elizabeth BearToday KAREN MEMORY by the phenomenal Elizabeth Bear is out and you can win your own copy courtesy of Tor Books!This cover looks fantastic on my shelf, too.The blurb: "“You ain’t gonna like what I have to tell you, but I'm gonna tell you anyway. See, my name is Karen Memery, like memory only spelt with an e, and I'm one of the girls what works in the Hôtel Mon Cherie on Amity Street. Hôtel has a little hat over the o like that. It's French, so Beatrice tells me.”Set in the late 19th century—when the city we now call Seattle Underground was the whole town (and still on the surface), when airships plied the trade routes, would-be gold miners were heading to the gold fields of Alaska, and steam-powered mechanicals stalked the waterfront, Karen is a young woman on her own, is making the best of her orphaned state by working in Madame Damnable’s high-quality bordello. Through Karen’s eyes we get to know the other girls in the house—a resourceful group—and the poor and the powerful of the town. Trouble erupts one night when a badly injured girl arrives at their door, begging sanctuary, followed by the man who holds her indenture, and who has a machine that can take over anyone’s mind and control their actions. And as if that wasn’t bad enough, the next night brings a body dumped in their rubbish heap—a streetwalker who has been brutally murdered.Bear brings alive this Jack-the-Ripper yarn of the old west with a light touch in Karen’s own memorable voice, and a mesmerizing evocation of classic steam-powered science."Fantastic characters, action, evil villains, turns out Karen was wrong, I really liked this story she had to tell us. I'll post my review tomorrow, but today you have a chance to win your own copy of KAREN MEMORY.Contest is open to US and Canada only.While I've been known to enjoy more than a few tales set in Victorian London, I do love it when we see airships, goggles and gadgets in other parts of the globe. To enter, comment below with your favorite setting for a steampunk adventure. Be sure to leave us with a way to contact you. Get extra entries for tweeting about the giveaway (be sure to @stellarfour, and RTs absolutely count) or for commenting on our facebook page.6 comments:I want to read a steampunk adventure set in the middle east - the streets of Cairo or the bazaars of Constantinople, or even the back alleys of Baghdad. I would love to know how that would impact culture there, and whether airships would be a viable means of traversing the distances in a climate so different from what we usually see.I'll be honest, I adore most steampunk settings and I have a soft spot for the ones that are set in a Victorian England setting. My latest favorite has been the alternate world setting in Tina Connolly's Ironskin Trilogy. The steampunk elements mixed with the fey and other paranormal creatures is amazing! I'd highly recommend it!Search Stellar FourAbout UsFollowersNeed More Stellar Four in Your Life?You don't have to constantly hit the refresh button to make sure you're getting the latest posts, updates and random musings from the ladies of Stellar Four. Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook to see all of our latest in your news feeds!