Brace yourselves music followers! Demi Lovato has big plans within the yr forward.Earlier than any awards have been handed out at Sunday’s 57th Annual Grammy Awards, the “Coronary heart Assault” singer took to Twitter to share her hopes and goals for the upcoming months.Because it seems, the 22-yr-previous is able to introduce a brand new sound which will simply blow the business away.“Excited to get again within the studio in days…Are you guys prepared for album #5???” she tweeted to her followers earlier than attending a Huge Sean live performance on the Home of Blues in Hollywood. “I’ve by no means been extra assured in my sound. By no means been so positive of who I’m as an artist. By no means felt this hungry and pushed…”PHOTOS: Notable 2015 Grammy nomineesSamir Hussein/Redferns by way of Getty PhotographsAt such a younger age, the previous Disney darling has had large success together with her songs together with “Skyscraper,” “Neon Lights” and “Give Your Coronary heart a Break.”And whereas she appreciated the love she acquired on radio all over the world, Lovato is just targeted on being her true self.“F–okay making an attempt to make music that may attraction to the plenty for the sake of hit songs. It is time to share my lane…my sound,” she defined. “As a result of nobody can take away my individuality or copy my greatest work which my followers need to see.”PHOTOS: Demi Lovato’s greatest seems to beShe continued, “I can not describe my new sound… The one phrase that involves thoughts is genuine. Very very genuine to who I’m & the voice I’ve inside. I’m going to sing my coronary heart out greater than I’ve ever sang earlier than. To the sound that I’ve spent my entire life making an attempt to determine. I am prepared.”And though Lovato has “barely scratched the floor” on creating her new album, she is already getting a way that this might be her greatest work but.“I am sorry it took to so lengthy to determine MY channel however it’s right here…The modifications I’ve made,” she concluded. “I WILL get a Grammy nomination someday. No extra f–kin round. Let’s GO!!!!!”PHOTOS: Your favourite singers performing reside and in live performanceRELATED VIDEOS:Please help Newtrenddiaries.com to write always better news. Thx a lot. You Rock!