Scenes from CollegeChina advocates online open courses Here’s the latest online college news: China’s Ministry of Education issued a document supporting further application of online open courses in college education on Tuesday. Read the full article...Public invited to comment on tuition of four universities Here’s the latest online college news: Draft of tuition ready for Eastern, Western and Southern universities and Oregon Tech. Read the full article with this...Idaho has room to improve its stagnated online education Here’s the latest online college news: By PG Veer | Watchdog Arena Technology has “creeped in” everywhere these days, including the classroom. To many th...Quinnipiac University president’s comments at party enrage neighbors Here’s the latest online college news: A Quinnipiac party quickly got out control, even the host will admit it needed to be shut down, but the...The Future of College: It’s Online Here’s the latest online college news: Coursera’s Daphne Koller says online education will remove barriers to higher learning for millions—and change the way universities are run Read the...Parents lament closure of online school with failing scores Here’s the latest online college news: The failure of an amendment last week tacked to an unrelated bill in the state Senate may have been...Making Sense of Nonsense: a MOOC about Climate Change Denial Here’s the latest online college news: The Earth is warming up. The climate is changing. Human activity is responsible. Ninety-seven percent of actual climatologists...‘Free Tuition’ Plans Don’t Solve the College Cost Problem Here’s the latest online college news: Subsidizing tuition without addressing the true cost of college just puts a Band-Aid on an open wound. Read the...GOP House plan offers tuition relief for some Minn. college students Here’s the latest online college news: Some community college students may see lower tuition under a higher-education budget approved by the Republican-led House...UI may extend winter-break classes for two years Here’s the latest online college news: Academic senate backs plan. Read the full article with this online college news here. Image credit Champaign/Urbana News-GazetteQuinnipiac University President Surprises Students at Off-Campus Party Here’s the latest online college news: A large off-campus party near Quinnipiac University is getting a lot of attention. At the center of the gathering was...Corinthian Colleges Completes Collapse, Closes Remaining Campuses … Here’s the latest online college news: Although it was nearly a year in the making, the largest collapse in U.S. higher education finally occurred Sunday, as...Can Renting Textbooks Help Bring College Costs Down? Here’s the latest online college news: Sidewalk offers a textbook rental service that aims to offer students a less expensive alternative to buying new books each...Can Renting Textbooks Help Bring College Costs Down? Here’s the latest online college news: Sidewalk offers a textbook rental service that aims to offer students a less expensive alternative to buying new books each...Justin Bieber Crashes Chatsworth High School Prom! Here’s the latest online college news: Justin Bieber didn’t have the typical high school experience, but over the weekend, the 21-year-o… Read the full article with this...Studies: Online Courses Unsuccessful at Community Colleges Here’s the latest online college news: Newest study finds students are 11 percent less likely to pass an online version of the same class. Read the full...Mará Rose Williams: College tuition in Missouri going up, but not by much Here’s the latest online college news: Tuition at Missouri colleges is up this spring, but schools have kept their price increases...Tools That Limit Distraction May Raise Student Performance in Online Classes Here’s the latest online college news: Read the full article with this online college news here. Image credit Chronicle of Higher Education (subscription)...