No Nkandla report said I squandered money – ZumaPresident Jacob Zuma has hit back at those saying he should pay back the money for upgrades at his Nkandla home.No findings said he should pay anything, Zuma said.He also said no questions on Nkandla should be allowed until the parliamentary ad hoc committee, set up to discuss the Public Protector’s report, has made a finding.“If I was the Speaker, I would not have allowed the question (from the EFF on Nkandla) as there was a committee established,” Zuma told journalists at a lunch he hosted for them at the presidential guest house in Pretoria this afternoon.“You wait for the committee to conclude and then bring a report, then you have time to ask questions,” he said.He said an inter-ministerial committee, the Special Investigating Unit (SIU) and the Public Protector have investigated the R246 million upgrades to his home.“Not a single one has said Zuma squandered money,” he said. “That serious allegation has never been made.”But he said Public Protector Thuli Madonsela did find that his family unduly benefited.“It changes the allegation that I squandered government money. It’s not a small matter that you can make that kind of claim. So Zuma never decided that firstly the security upgrade should be built, never. Zuma built his own house,” Zuma said.He said he had a bond on the house, but journalists were not writing about that.He also said he couldn’t understand why the EFF raised the matter before the ad hoc committee has made a finding.“It’s not a small matter that my name was thrown out that I squandered R250 million and then people discover it is not so; nobody says so.”He said “there was something fishy in the manner in which it was dealt with. No investigative journalists have gone back there. The facts are clear, people don’t want facts because they want to deal with Zuma.”Zuma said the issue of Nkandla was being used by parties for political gain.He said an unviable airport was built for a president in George before, referring to apartheid era president PW Botha. He asked whether the matter of security upgrades arose “because now we have a president from Nkandla”.Talk to Us - Send Us a TipTalk to Us - Suggest a CorrectionEmail*SubjectMessage*NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.CommentsTjommaThule Madonsela, a principled card-carrying member of CANCER that serves only the constitution as her master, says you benefited unduly from the considerable development (as public expense) of your 250m ivory palace.ALL other reports were a blackwash (as opposed to whitewash). #PAYBACKDTHEMONEY you thief!Crack3rIt’s because the @ s s hole can’t read. Someone draw him a picture.Sean AlexLMAO IM ON THE FLOOR NICE ONEKhathatso MokoenaWhat an Idiot!!. there, I said it.Made-In-The SouthWho payed for LazyJZ’s 5 private houses built at Nkandla since 2009?Knowing LazyJZ he did not pay for those private houses himself.He said to the PP that he does not have a bond.She asked him how did he finance the private houses,LazyJZ REFUSED TO ANSWER.Moneymine,LazyJZ’s personal builder quoted R20 Million only for the first 3 houses,meaning the 5 houses probably cost around R30 Million. Was the money for the 5 private houses obtained from the R246 Million?…GeronimoYou have to hand it to him. You really do. HE IS way MORE STUPID THAN HE LOOKS.THE LYING AND BULLSHITTING KING OF SOUTH AFRICA. One scandal after another and he DENIES THEM ALL. From the Guptagate scandal to, “Apartheid is to blame for Eskom failures” – that one really takes the cake.Mr Zuma, please STOP EMBARRASSING US ANY FURTHER with your “wrecking ball” antics. You have ensured that we are the laughing stock of the world. You are a MAJOR LIABILITY to South Africa and we SIMPLY CANNOT AFFORD YOU ANY LONGER.Geoff ColesHe’s not stupid, a touch ignorant perhaps, very rural and believing in his divine rule.gcThis man is more cunning than a snake and not as dumb as anyone says. In fact he puts a putridly sick slant to the word clever because he is in a extremely negative way. My hunch is that NOTHING, absolutely nothing can be traced back to him because NONE of his instructions are recorded/written and all are issued to those most loyal to him who disseminate it down the line. And then he is able to arrogantly say in public that “I know nothing about that”.ThobaniI think by comparing that R250m homestead with an airport that was built by the then apartheid regime for their president you’re admitting your guilt. But now don’t don’t forget we’re living in a democratic country so you and your family must pay back our money.Lize FreislichI like your conclusion that he admits his guilt. Do you think he realises it?Made-In-The SouthWho payed for LazyJZ’s 5 private houses built at Nkandla since 2009?Knowing LazyJZ he did not pay for those private houses himself.He said to the PP that he does not have a bond.She asked him how did he finance the private houses,LazyJZ REFUSED TO ANSWER.Moneymine,LazyJZ’s personal builder quoted R20 Million only for the first 3 houses,meaning the 5 houses probably cost around R30 Million. Was the money for the 5 private houses obtained from the R246 Million?..,.Elizabeth NelAnd that airport has come in pretty handy. Inkandla never will.Rob CharltonBeing unafraid might indicate an inability to recognise a potential threat to one’s safety?http://www.amabuthojumpers.com/ Concerned CitizenThis man is interesting he will call Journalists so that he can publicly give the Speaker of parliament the instruction on how to run parliament…..just because he doesn’t want to answer the Questions…..Geoff ColesMbete will do as instructed by Mantashe and Zuma, so yes, you are right.MzakesmanFor everything you blame Apartheid, including taking a shower after having sex. From today your nickname is “Apartheid”. Why don’t you compare with best practices all over the world and forget about bad practice?Xtc333A real moron and an embarrassment to the nation. Isn’t there a better candidate for presidency in the ANC.Made-In-The SouthWho payed for LazyJZ’s 5 private houses built at Nkandla since 2009?Knowing LazyJZ he did not pay for those private houses himself.He said to the PP that he does not have a bond.She asked him how did he finance the private houses,LazyJZ REFUSED TO ANSWER.Moneymine,LazyJZ’s personal builder quoted R20 Million only for the first 3 houses,meaning the 5 houses probably cost around R30 Million. Was the money for the 5 private houses obtained from the R246 Million?.,.,Stephen MarksNo report states that I have to pay for etoll…Stephen MarksOh and… it doesnt benefit me, it hasnt improved anything, nor is it safer. Idiots still ride at 80-100km in the 2nd fastest lane. Dont use indicators, dont KEEP LEFT, PASS RIGHT. So Mr. “President”; I am not paying for “improvements” that I was not aware of, nor requested.Stephen MarksJust thought of this now. I am going to put a sticker (for the first time ever) on my car: “If I pass you on the left, you are an idiot!” And this happens often in the 3rd “fastest” lane!ANC must goThe man is beyond belief. Zuma must go as we can’t have a village idiot as president.Geoff ColesZuma is a corrupt thief, he knows that, the ANC knows that …. we ALL know that. Pay the money back, 80% anyway and flee the country to whichever bolthole will take you… Palestine, Iraq, Russia, N Korea and of course Zim aren’t too fussy.Dr WhoHis words keep tripping him up, JZ needs to understand that he cannot patronise and entreat us with his bonhomie and charm. The fact is that the PP found that he unduly benefited from the huge sum spent on his private residence and that because of this he needed to pay a reasonable percentage in accordance with guidance from the treasury. How much clearer can one get? Undue enrichment is just that and can arise in many ways including theft, fraud and plain corruption, plenty legal precedent but JZ has demonstrated that he can quite safely ignore this…PAY BACK THE MONEY!!v_3Liar.Dishonest about his dishonesty.Antin HerinkNo, and no report said you are a lying asshole either, but it’s true nevertheless.Squander: verb waste (something, especially money or time) in a reckless and foolish manner. “entrepreneurs squander their profits on expensive cars” You wrongfully and unjustifiably squandered our money on: movie-theatres swimming pools, tuckshops, chicken pens and catle kraals built that have NOTHING to with “security” is of course by any definition “squandering public money”.Zuma, take those who make this “Serious Allegation” to Court if it’s false, see where that gets you!But stop talking lying shit already. Know that folks are not as retarded as you; you are not remotely as clever you think you are.Zuma, you are just you are am unscrupulous lowlife who is too stupid to know how bad you truly are.CandleThe nation has the use of George Airport.. Will we have the use of Ncuntla?Leahlinki…CandleZuma is telling the truth.. No one said he squandered money.. He UNDULY benefitted. What a slimy snake he is!Tyron van Greunenit’s tax payers money you thief,parliament has every right to ask questions whenever they see fit.If Zuma wants to wait for an ad hoc commitee to give their finding on the report then the property should be seized by the state with immediate effect until the findings are complete.JujuliciousThis fool’s skull is getting thicker more each day and his conscious more number. He’ll continue to rape the ficus with impunity.Elizabeth NelReports dont have to say anything. We all know he stole the money. So does he. He is a disgrace, a coward, a liar, a betrayer of his people and a shame to his tribe.Wilhelm SnymanFor someone who doesn’t know what the concept “corruption” means, how do you think he navigates around the concept of guilt?gcLets just say it as it should be said. FUzuma! You do not deserve to be president of this country and the sooner you disappear the better for all that live in SA. Be a good chap and take a long walk off a short plank.