Of course, this raises the obvious question: Why did the American military train dangerous Islamic militants?Answer: Because they were being trained with the intent of overthrowing the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad.Jordanian officials claimed these Syrian rebels were screened to ensure they had no ties to Al-Qaeda or any other overly radical Islamic group. They also said that this training had no intention of being used in Iraq.However, these good foreign policy intentions have backfired on the Obama Administration in a big way. Especially since the President declared an end to combat operations in Iraq nearly four years ago.It appears that these U.S.-trained forces were better prepared than their Iraqi counterparts. Many American-trained Iraqi soldiers threw down their weapons and uniforms or didn’t offer much resistance to the invading Islamic forces.The Jordanian officials who spoke to World Net Daily are also concerned this sectarian violence will spill over into their country.It’s hard to put the outrage about this scandal into words, but we’ll give it a shot. Based on the numerous scandals before this one, the Obama Administration is the most corrupt — and either the most incompetent or treasonous — in American history.Jordanian leadership permitted the “secret” training installation to be established. Jordanian leadership permitted the training to be carried out. Two years later, once the US-trained, islamic mercenaries (CIA/MOSSAD-hired) have murdered Iraqis and destroyed cities, Jordanian leadership begins to quesiton whether the training were appropriate ? Is Jordanian leadership questioning whether the Yankee Dollar bribe two years ago was enough? Do they plan to demand an increase, retroactively? When has Illuminati/NAZI/CIA/MOSSAD intervention in the ME – or anywhere – benefitted anyone other than the Illuminati/NAZI/CIA/MOSSAD ? Just as NAZI general Gehlen and his NAZI colleagues in USGOV wanted the CIA to function, when he organized the CIA for the Dulles brothers, 1945, the CIA continues to function without the control of the U.S.Congress. NAZI general Reinhard Gehlen deserved the death sentence with colleagues in Nurremberg. Instead he was secreted into the USGOV. Gehlen returned to Germany about 1950 and established the Bundes Nachrichte Dienst, which functions in Germany as the European wing of the CIA/NSA.disqus_YVFPO5iQUBOk now MORE treasonous work done by this muslim extremist dictator. Now can we impeach him and then put him on trial for treason??? What more do they want?Beth Knoll-CaseyIn order for impeachment to work, it has to pass both House and Senate. Right now it is unlikely to pass the required 2/3 Senate vote. We have to wait and hope to have control of both houses after November elections. If republicans gain control of both houses, we have a much better shot at a successful impeachment.BenMost of us are smart enough to see that what our government has been doing in the middle east since the 1970’s has been and is a major mistake. I would also assume that people here are smart enough to see that everything our government does over there is making it worse not better. If we the people don’t do something to stop it we will be dealing with it here very soon. It has already started in places like Dearborn, MI and it is getting worse every day.EddieInFLIs Congress going to impeach this bastard, or is Congress part of the problem?It is one or the other! There is no alternative.KirkRemember Noriega??? Highly trained by the US as well. Our military has been training guerrilla fighting forces through our green berets for a long time. Nothing new here… Move along.metheoldsargeNo surprise there. We also trained trained Vietnamese fighter pilots who returned to the North. Then they could meet our fighter pilots on equal terms. Good way to get good hands on knowledge of our equipment and learn our tactics. We never learn.ChicagoThunder1Hi Doc, In order to understand the NAZI you must first understand Hitler’s thinking about the bible. More importantly his rocket and tech. people.Then ask how is it that they were able to make such leaps and bounds in such short of time. What was the real reason for the killing off of the Jews? What was he trying to stop from happening? Why did he seek out the spear that killed Jesus? It was to stop the second coming of Christ. You see the only thing that separates all of the groups that you talk about from everyone else is the fact that they know Lucifer exists. Then it stands to reason that if Lucifer exists then so does GOD. It tells us in the bible that there will be a war between good and evil that’s what we are seeing unfold. So who was King Nebuchadnezzar The King of babble. It was Lucifer of course and what did Lucifer want to do? Get rid of God and Rule the world right? So IMO all the above are only useful Idiots to Lucifer and that would include China, Russia etc. What would we call an Angel today Doc???? Michael booted 200 or so down to Earth. What’s above in the sky other planets right? Now who helped the NAZI’s??? The Idea is not new or thought up of by me. However the more I learn about it by looking for myself the more I’m starting to believe. So the devil is in the details. For that matter who else wants to get rid of God he may very well be the very same guy.metheoldsargeYou are absolutely correct. As long as Read is in charge, it would never go for a vote. He would stop it and kill it.metheoldsargeSome have already gotten into our Congress and the courts. Democrat Representatives Andre Carson, from Indiana and Keith Ellison from Minnesota. We also have Judges Mark Martin from Pennsylvania. David Turfe from Michigan. Sohail Mohammad from New Jersey. Halim Dhanidina from California. David Shaheed from Indiana. The list goes on. What the two congressman and the judges have in common is that they all are Muslims.metheoldsargeNo they aren’t because they are part of the problem,JamesNot only did Obama have us train them, but he also had us arm them.bc98usaHas everybody FORGOTTEN barry s. is an IMPOSTER??? They CANNOT impeach an imposter/usurper! Thanks to Dick Cheney for NOT following the requirements of Title 3 USC §15. (Counting electoral votes in congress). the President of the Senate shall call for objections, if any. Every objection shall be made in writing, and shall state clearly and concisely, and without argument, the ground thereof, and shall be signed by at least one Senator and one Member of the House of Representatives before the same shall be received. When all objections so made to any vote or paper from a State shall have been received and read, the Senate shall thereupon withdraw, and such objections shall be submitted to the Senate for its decision; and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall, in like manner, submit such objections to the House of Representatives for its decision; – Congress LET HIM IN WITHOUT ANY OBJECTIONS BECAUSE CHENEY DIDN’T ASK!Iam NotaLiberalThe enemy of my enemy is still my enemy.tk-attyHow much is it going to take before Congress starts impeachment proceedings! Obama is a Muslim extremist, he had our military training these murderous jihadist, why? To overthrow Syria, another Islamic State, No ISLAMIC STATE IS OUR FRIEND! At least Assad in Syria kept these maniacs under control. Obama did this knowly, and did Congress know. We need to shut these people out of our Country, period, unless they’re muslim Christians. STOP sending money, weapons, food to all these Countries immediately, and shut down our borders, or at LEAST uphold our own laws on the border. What has Obama been doing while ISIS marches across Iraq to establish a Caliphate, he plays golf. Why, because he agrees with these groups, and is just waiting for them to get to Israel and try to take it over. He wants a world controlled by Islam, including here in the United States. How many of you blind people voted for this man, not once but twice. We are suffering because of your unbelievably ignorant votes!GordonAnd if republicans win the 2016 election, then they can try Obama, Eric Holder, and several others in this administration for treason. Just hope they have the gonads to do this.Robert HeissWell the Obama Administration has been giving aid and comfort to the enemy for quite some time, which is TREASON and if that is not IMPEACHABLE I don’t know what is! The Obama Administration has helped the Muslim brotherhood [A TERRORIST GROUP} Hamas {A TERROTIST GROUP} and now we fine out members of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (also known as ISIS) which is {A TERRORIST GROUP} were trained in 2012 by U.S. military instructors at a secret base in Jordan. Well it clears up why he won’t attack them and why they have some much of our equipment. You know in his book his say he will stand with his Muslim Brothers, guess he wasn’t kidding!GrumiesterAnother fine mess you’ve created in the world Barry.Clevey77Foreign Policy? Really who is governing foreign policy? O-bum-er? Let’s hypothetically look at the past presidents and there geo-political policy’s. Why are these administrations always in the war mode? The Kissinger think tank maybe?…,.connections to the society’s of Zionist Intelligence?, the formulation of the U N and the state of Israel….Come on, think! All roads lead to Jerusalem…I for one have questioned why we support a renegade state that accuses the external masses for the like kind misgivings they export in the name of protecting the state. The human rights of others are of no concern until the retribution of their actions slams them in the face. The money trail is so visible we all are naïve partakers of a mass propaganda campaign that allows a nation to control the Amerikan foreign policy and the drug of the war machine (tanks & planes)…at discount prices. Hello!!! The ADL will have a field day with this! Yet we condone the support of covert military action in the name of another country that has been established under false pretense……No you say, it can’t be that simple…I’m not a racist nor do I dislike the Jewish people. When it comes to religion and money and the mythologies of the controlling elite, we all need to stand back and look at the trees and see the forest for what it is. To simple you say! Make time to investigate the history of the capitalist that run the show in America and we shall find the source of the O-bum-er policies he has no control over…….The puppets of congress and their bank accounts, count on, (We the people) to be in the dark. For the Nay-Sayers……it really won’t matter because they believe in the mythology of so called history and it’s illusion of confusion. Namaste.disqus_YVFPO5iQUBThis will never happen. people like Mc Cain, Mc Connel and the rest of the so called republican/democrats and the rest like reid all want this to happen. They want the ruination of this country. They are all with the muslim extremist dictator to take over this country and it will happen by the time his term is supposed to be up. He is not going anywhere.matwood17The reason Hanoi Jane was not tried for treason during the Viet Nam conflict was because it was never a “declared war.” Sorry about that, but according to US law “treason” can only be committed during a time of war. Since Congress hasn’t actually ever declared war a war in the middle east we can’t prosecute anyone for that crime.matwood17Not only is tis true, but it takes a clear 2/3 majority of congress to pass it and there are just not enough votes for. You know you will never get a Democrat to vote for impeachment no matter what they have done, so we will need a 2/3 majority of Republicans in office first.Ezra PoundWhy haven’t any US government officials or members of Congress be executed for treason over this? John McCain has been actively aiding ISIS for years now in Syria. McCain, Graham, Schumer and every other US Congress member that called for the US to support the “opposition” terrorists in Syria should be arrested, tried for treason, convicted and publicly executed.Ezra PoundIts both. Plus counterfeit “Israel” – the real source of terrorism in the Middle East.BenI’m glad someone is paying attention.James HunterHe’s black, I’ve heard there will be a race war if they throw him out. I don’t think so, blacks etc. are fed up too! Lets impeach him and let the bodies fall where they mayEddieInFLSo did Khadaffi in LIbya and Mubarek in Egypt and even Hussein in Iraq. Not that any of those people were nice guys–but they kept their countries in line. The only think those ancient tribal towel heads understand is brute force. And the US is arming sworn enemies of the US in order to further the interests of the “money changers.”EddieInFLBlacks need to be TOLD how they have been USED by the democraps who have made them even “poorer and dumber” than they were 60 years go–before democrap mayors and councils took over the large inner cities. If they ever realize how their race has been totally destroyed of all self-respect by their “rulers” there won’t be any place for a democrap to hide. They will be thrown out of office and be lucky to escape with their lives.EddieInFLForeign policy is governed by the Criminal Cartel of International Jewish Bankers–headed by the Rothschilds and helped by the Seif, Lazzard, Warburg, Goldman, Sachs, Rockefeller lizards. They have the money to control worldwide politics. The US is “ruled” by about 1400 “leaders”–including media, think tanks, bankers, university systems. Of those, over 800 are Jewish–a vastly disproportionate amount of control by people who represent less than 2% of the population. Nearly every major Congressional committee is headed by one of the Jewish “elected” (meaning bought and paid for) occupants.Turbo_lancerI read an article about how the UK extended the civil war in the US by 2 years by supplying the confederacy with guns, ships and money. Will there be another 150 year hiatus to expose the UK over its support and annexation of the USA by its sponsoring and financing Nazi war criminals in the US?, since the military defeat of Nazi Germany in WW2? 911 was the re-ignition of the war of 1812., believed to be an insider caper formed by the disgruntled anglophiles of Billy and Hilly Clinton because the Federal Government refused to pay for “their” residence in the executive suite of the World Trade Center.freewheelinfranklin543He isn’t a Muslim you moron. He’s a NWO puppet.All those folks believe in is power!These jihadis were created by the US to fight the Russians and they have been using em ever since. Jimmy Carter and Zbig Brezinski started this bs and every President since, dem or repubs have used them. It is called controlled opposition. 911 was a false flag perpetrated by the Bush administration with a lotta help from Israel. Dick Cheney is threatening everybody with a new false flag. If it happens look at your own gov as the perp! All these terrorists are on the US/SAUDI/ISRAELI payroll!deltamarySeems more chaos is needed, doesn’t it?Floyd DangerfieldFrom the very beginning Obama’s smile was covert!disqus_YVFPO5iQUBFirst of all no one is a moron. For some reason some of you psople out there seem to think they only way you can talk about a topic is to insult people. There really is no reason to insult people. It just show how immature you are. Second the muslim extremist dictator IS A MUSLIM BY HIS OWN ADMISSION ! As for the rest of your story I have to agree with you. Every Politian in office can not be trusted. If it were up to me I would remove every last one of them. Every fleabag lawyer in office have ruined this country. Also I can disagree with you or agree with you without insulting youKevin WrightAfter the Taliban Jailbreak, all Jihad hell has broken loose. If Qatar will pay Al Gore, 250 million for a worthless cable TV franchise, how much did Qatar pay the Obama Presidential Library for the Taliban Jailbreak?Evil AirgodAh yes, the Bush/Cheney/Israeli connection. The Jews are ALWAYS behind everything in the world! They are master manipulators, evil Machiavellian machinationists and EVERYONE takes their cues and walking orders from them (especially the Saudis)! (sarc) REALLY???????metheoldsargeYou are correct.094870That is what needs to be done to him. Read between the lines.094870Where there is a will there is a way.094870YOU ARE A FREEKING IDIOT IF YOU BELISVE THAT. HE IS A RAGHEAD.094870It is called the process of elimination.alwaysvigilIf we can’t take a corrupt official out of office, and you need the corrupt democratic leader to do so. then something needs to change with our constitution.. I doubt if that will ever happen with people thinking like ChicagoThundertalwaysvigilI think we need a million man march to OUR white house and take out the traitorsMarten”Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to understanding of ourselves” Carl JungministeroffireGod Is Right Again, and God Forewarns Us, Mankind’s Worldly Wisdom Is Stupidity In God’s Judgment! * 1 Corinthians 3:19-20 For The Wisdom of This World Is Foolishness (Stupidity) With God! For It Is Written, He (God) Taketh (Ensnares & Entraps) The Wise (Worldly Wise) In Their Own Craftiness (Sophistry, Adroitness, Cunning)! * 20, And Again, The Lord Knoweth The Thoughts of The Wise (Worldly Wise), That They Are Vain (Empty, Worthless)! * We Are Being Ensnared and Entrapped In Our Own Mankind Government Leadership’s Stupid Worldly Wisdom To Try To BUY Our Friends and Allies By Training and Giving Weapons To Our Own Enemies So That They Can Later Come Against Us! * You Can’t Fix Stupid!Kevin BlankenshipTreasonous is the only plausible explanation! No one claims such grandiose accomplishments then trains militants and stands by while they join with Terrorists groups then attack a country you set up and does nothing, unless that is part of the plan!!!Cajun812Yes, the Muslim Brotherhood knows how to take advantage of a crisis. Thanks, the “burning man” in Tunisia that gave the MB their excited opening. It was with either complete ineptitude of our elected leaders or malicious intent that each of these completely dangerous (treasonous) decisions – arming and training Islamists – puts the entire planet in jeopardy by this CULT-ure of hate, murder, oppression and fear.JacksonPearsonSelf Explanatory…..:Cathy McMahanif you think this is just him, it is many people involved with himWhippitBarry Soetoro Marshall Davis’ Black Ruled America… Threat or Menace ? The good news is that it’ll be a long, long time before another mulatto cokehead commie gayboy pathologic liar is smeared on The White House and the people of this nation. Also, why does the commie mulatto rat Valerie Jarrret stay so completely out of sight lately ? Could it be that IRS skank Lois Lerner’s e-mails were going back and forth between her and Barry’s Brain ? Also, law skank O’Connor needs to be hung at dawn. I’m surprised that some human on Issa’s committee didn’t get up out of his seat and go down to the vile gubbamint doggie and beat her with a cane, then do the same to Koskinen.WhippitIf the Repukian establishment keeps re-sending dirts like Cochran of Mississippi to D.C., I wouldn’t hold my breath waiting for the likes of that scumbag to rid us of Black Ruled America, personified by Soetoro, his transexual “wife”, Rice, Jarret, Holder, Johnson and the Congress Chimps like Cummings, Rush, the sheboons from Texas and Florida etc… and their Zionist puppeteers Axelrod, Chertoff, Lieberman, Soros and the other Slime Creatures.Bernie MitchellIt’s not either /or, they are both incompetent and treacherous1TrueOne55Does that mean we try Reagan in absentia also for training the Mujahadeen in Afghanistan to fight the Russians. Today that group makes up the core of al-Queda.ChicagoThunder1Don’t know but it is strange that the Kings mans name leading the charge against our country from the start was Clinton!Turbo_lancerExactly the kind of oxford educated people we should beware of.ChicagoThunder1It’s all in the programming and it doesn’t matter where it’s done now because of the Soviets. It’s spread like a virus over the years in the higher learning centers all the way down to pre school. Because of T.V. They don’t call them programs for nothing quoting a CBS exec. in one of their meetings. The control freaks are out of controllad31bossI think the whole Middle East should be sprayed witH birth control gas and while we are waiting for the last peace loving Muslim to visit the 72 virgins we should hope dictators take over their countries in the mean time.Turbo_lancerThe cost of secondary education is out of control too. If only the country could revert to its founding when all property owners were entitled to an education, colleges and universities included. Now a days wealthy foreign students are the prime students as they are becoming the only practical payees for high priced degrees.freewheelinfranklin543Ah! Yes The anti-semite accusation. Israel ain’t The Jews and Zionism ain’t the Jews,but they both do hide behind the Jewish people. You seem to have a THING about Jewish people. By the way,while all Arabs are semites all Jewish folk aren’t. This is a power thing not a religious thing. Anybody who reads the net knows that the Saudi’s and the US finance these Salafist and Wahhabi jihadi nutzs! All this fighting is about power and money(petrodollars),natural gas,oil and pipeline routes.Only the people who want to steal the resources raise the Muslim issue and they are the same ones who finance and arm these nutzs. It’s called controlled opposition,an old technique along with divide and conquer. Right now Obama is following the plan of his foreign policy mentor Zbig Brezinski. Go read his book,called The Grand Chessboard. He’s not Jewish or Israeli he’s a Polish nobleman and academic. Might be a Roman Catholic for all I know. My Polish Uncle Mike was!freewheelinfranklin543Their seem to be a plethora of ignorant and moronic people on here who have drunk the Kool Aid. Or they are trolls! Most of you don’t spell to well either.freewheelinfranklin543Here is a smart man and unlike the trolls he is very literate,grammatical and express’s himself very well.Clevey77Fast Eddie…..bonafied that the realities of a small amount of un-elected entities are able to supply so much grief around the world and rule our nation for their desires…the hypocrisy of the religious Neanderthals that rule the world in their mythological nonsense is enough to go around for everyone. I am writing a book and I would like to use your quote here….please be thanked for your dully insightful intellectual awareness.freewheelinfranklin543Remember Vietnam. We used the Nungs and Meo tribesmen among others as mercenaries. Here we are using them as controlled opposition. We have used this same ISIS group aginst Assad where they murdered Christian and Shiite and Alewhite Muslim alike. Syria has killed more of these AlQaeda,Al Nusra,ISIS jihadis than the US armed forces,who by the way trained many of these guys,go figure! ISIS,Ishtar,Astarte,what kinda Muslim name is that anyway!freewheelinfranklin543The Shiite Muslims want a piece of these Salafists and Wahhabis too. Today the Iranians and Syrians working together are bombing the urine out of ISIS in Iraq and Russia along with Iran are moving weapons and ammo to the Iraqi army that Obama refuses to resupply. Iranian drones are targeting,Syrian Migs and Sukhois are bombing. Go figure right!disqus_YVFPO5iQUBWell here we go again with more liberals going after the people that make comments instead of commenting on the topic. Is there no end to your petty childish commentsClevey77Semitism; Used to undermine a-typical classification for any Jewish bashing and blood truth letting. The ADL is full of propaganda about the so call anti-sematic…so called cult…the misinformation pressitutes are all over this stuff. These are people and they are being used like the rest of us…..A good friend of mine and a Jew, knows the orthodoxy of the Jewish church, bashes the Zionist phony’s for what they are….political elitist and the infection is in the congress of the United States…Ruling the Great OZ and the serfdom taxpayers. No wonder the Arabs call us infidels…WTF…there right for the most part, blinded by the illusion of a mythology created by them and taught to children as ferry tails are. The average American adult is for Israel and they don’t even know why! As far as O-Bum-er goes…..the plastic in the mold is not even dry yet…(Zbig Brezinski), another commie producing progressive socialism..opps!Evil AirgodI see you aren’t much of a student of history.Jews and Zionism are most certainly intertwined and is all about the Jewish people. Zionism in some form has been a dream of Jewish people the world over since the 19th century. It is nothing more than a philosophy and a movement that seeks to establish Jewish people and their culture in their ancestral homeland.By trying to separate Jews from their desire to once again inhabit their ancestral homeland and their own right to self determination as well as develop their own culture is anti-semitism at its finest all protestations to the contrary. All that’s missing is denying the Holocaust and calling them an apartheid state.As for having a “THING” about the Jewish people, they are God’s chosen people although they aren’t center stage in His plan right now AND they are the only functioning democracy in that part of the world as well as one of our closest allies. People complain about the $2B we send them every year but no one understands what we get in return; priceless intel and some of the best and finest technology the world enjoys today not to mention advances in medicine but those are just a small part of what we get from them in return. I’d say the return on our annual investment is more than adequate.It is about power AND religion although not all sides are aware of the dual nature of it. The Saudis and Wahhabists use the guise of religion to spread their power and yes, the Saudis finance the vast majority of it and our complicit government knows this and goes along with it to the detriment of us and the world at large because they seek power also although they ignore the religious side of it or downplay it. There have been centuries of warfare between Sunni and Shia and other sects over who will rule when the caliphate is re-established.But the bottom line is world rule whether under Islamic law or secularists predominately in the west. They do work together when it’s convenient and play both sides against the sheeple who would much rather listen to their iTunes and watch American Idol than pay attention to the fact that they are being sold up the river because they are too self absorbed to bother to pay attention.Not a fan of Zbig. He was a disaster under Carter and is still a walking talking imbecile today. Yes, Carter and he got the ball rolling by deposing the Shah (another ally) and allowing the Ayatollah to take over a nation state, giving them a base and finances to proceed with their plans of world domination.Yes, he is Polish. Not sure why that or his being Catholic is germain to the discussion.William Vasquezactually wrong. in order for Obama to be impeached it needs to pass in the HOUSE only. In order for the trial to happen after impeachment it goes to the SENATE. Right now the senate is democrat run so they wont prosecute him. He will just be impeached just like clinton and nothing will happen.have to wait for the senate to be republican runWilliam Vasquezwrong. as i said above for impeachment to happen you need it passed only in the HOUSE. In order for him to be prosecuted you need it to pass in the SENATE. Clinton was impeached. but he was never prosecuted as it didnt pass in the Senate.GordonTreason is generally defined as “betrayal of country: a violation of the allegiance owed by somebody to his or her own country, e.g. by aiding an enemy.”High treason is defined as “treason perpetrated by somebody against his or her own country.”Another apt definition of treason is “any attempt to overthrow the government or impair the well-being of a state to which one owes allegiance; the crime of giving aid or comfort to the enemies of one’s government.”It is my contention that Barack Hussein Obama has perpetrated all of these. It is also my assertion that our current Congress and our increasingly leftist court system have allowed — and continue to allow — Obama to perpetrate such treachery upon the United States of America and its citizens with impunity.ChicagoThunder1Not that far back maybe say 1948 and 1938 for psych. universities.Turbo_lancerToo many to count are foreign heads of state that have obtained formal education in the US , Bashar al Assad of Syria mentioned in this article for one, also Amadinejad of Iran is just another. Prominent figures from across the globe have attended schools in the UK. also.ChicagoThunder1Both went to Roosevelt H.S. in Chicago back in the 70’s Then wouldn’t you know it they then went to The University of Chicago. There was a whole flock of them that I went to school with back then. Interesting is that none had pictures taken in the year books that I can find from H.S. Kind of like 0. They all ended up at the University for some reason.Lester PeoplesI heard under the radar of an American General in charge of a training Camp in Jordan, but never heard where these Muslim soldiers were sent or who they were fighting for/ Now we know!! Thank you Bozoberry you traitor and terrorist supporter! Why isn’t this an act of treason?Lester PeoplesInsults name calling and racism is used when a person runs out of intelligent truths to back up their intents. Lack of study on the real issues leaves a person prejudiced on their own wants! God gave 2 ears to listen and Not 2 mouths to spew contempt not using grey matter that keeps the brain moist! A lot of participants brains are drying up I notice and they might watch and listen more as I do.C6VetteNobody in DC has the B***s to Impeach King Obozo, not that I would not enjoy watching his Impeachment but what he has done in last 5+ years to this country is treasonous! He is more deserving of impeachment than a lowly Break-in @ Watergate!!!! The talking Heads in Washington would rather Try & Convict a Burglar than a Dictator & closet Radical Muslim!!! Only in Amerika…….disqus_YVFPO5iQUBSo truelogger1492As you liberal like to say, intent, intent, intent.logger1492The Constitution is fine as is. No need to open it to change and let the Progressives get their paws on it when the “shell is soft”. The problem is the blatant disregard of the Constitution by the Marxists, Liberals, Progressives and the make-believe outrage of the do-nothing RINOs.logger1492Add to that list the silent black church leaders who have done or said nothing to improve the lot.logger149250% of the reason I stop reading a comment is because so many of us can’t write a grammatically non-offensive paragraph. Learn the difference between ‘to’ and ‘too’ for god’s sake. That will cover about half the offences in writing. I know, I know, but I just had to tell you.Rickey Douglas LoveThere is plenty of other statutes that have been violated, that the Muslim in Chief could be prosecuted for . . . MatTonyUS foreign policy never changes, no matter who controls the White House or Congress.1TrueOne55Actually there are tweaks that do need to be made to the Constitution. Like repealing the 17th Amendment, returning the appointment of Senators back to State Legislators/Governors to re-balance the Congress. The founders originally gave the rich/elite the Senate with a limit of 100 and the Commoners or “We The People” the House of Representatives with a limit tied to population growth. It would lower the cost of elections and power of money in politics.It worked fine until 1912 and the election of Woodrow Wilson when “Teddy” Roosevelt was kicked out of the Republican party for his “Progressive” policies. He split the vote as a third party and Wilson went on to win.whiteaglesoaringThere, not their. Sheesh!!!William M DurhamWell obama said he was going to do it, and our great Congress allowed it to happen because they are scared of a 1/4 black impersonator and hide in their offices while he destroys America. See what your vote gets, it gets you screwed. Make you vote count, make it personal.whiteaglesoaringObama has no allegiance except for any opportune prank or punking that gives him recognition or power. He is an amoral sociopath who delights in punking the rubes who are too naïve to recognize that they have been “had” and “dissed.” As president he can perform the grand punk and get to play golf and mess around on a grand scale.MARYANN33At least we know how far off course the Establishment is from the Republican cause…Vote tea party every time…Karl Rove must go from the establishment and all Republican activities…We must get out the traitors in the party itself…Mc Cain Flake etc. Our enemy is Obama he is our terrorist. He must be removed….Stop funding the crooks from the Congress. Use the weapons we have.whiteaglesoaring“God” didn’t choose Jews, he chose Israelites, purportedly a Hebrew, tribal enterprise. When Assyria and then Babylonia defeated the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah, the Hebrew leadership were killed or taken into captivity, but THE PEOPLE remained on the land. Through conquest after conquest the PEOPLE remained on the land. When Jerusalem was removed stone by foundation stone by the Romans, the PEOPLE remained on the land. Some became Christians. Later some became Muslims, but the PEOPLE remained on the land. There was NO Diaspora. The Ottoman Turks ruled for a long time, but the PEOPLE remained on the land. Then came a tribe of Jewish come-latelies to take the name of Israel and take the land of the PEOPLE. The “CHOSEN” were uprooted and the self-Chosen stole their heritage…just like Jacob stole his brother’s blessing, Jews stole the blessing of their brethren, the ones we now call Palestinian.AlexYou had better check your FACTS. You can be charged with Treason and not be at war. How do you think the last two American Spies who sold secrets to foreign countries were tried and put in federal prison for life?Treason is defined in the Constitution; 764 bribery is not, but it had a clear common-law meaning and is now well covered by statute. 765 High crimes and misdemeanors, however, is an undefined and indefinite phrase, which, in England, had comprehended conduct not constituting indictable offenses. 766 In an unrelated action, the Convention had seemed to understand the term ”high misdemeanor” to be quite limited in meaning, 767 but debate prior to adoption of the phrase 768 and comments thereafter in the ratifying conventions 769 were to the effect that the President at least, and all the debate was in terms of the President, should be removable by impeachment for commissions or omissions in office which were not criminally cognizable. And in the First Congress’ ”removal” debate, Madison maintained that the wanton removal from office of meritorious officers would be an act of maladministration which would render the President subject to impeachment. 770 Other comments, especially in the ratifying conventions, tend toward a limitation of the term to criminal, perhaps gross criminal, behavior. 771 While conclusions may be drawn from the conflicting statement, it must always be recognized that a respectable case may be made for either view. – See more at:http://constitution.findlaw.com/article2/annotation18.html#sthash.o3T8hdVP.dpuf Treason is defined in the Constitution; 764 bribery is not, but it had a clear common-law meaning and is now well covered by statute. 765 High crimes and misdemeanors, however, is an undefined and indefinite phrase, which, in England, had comprehended conduct not constituting indictable offenses. 766 In an unrelated action, the Convention had seemed to understand the term ”high misdemeanor” to be quite limited in meaning, 767 but debate prior to adoption of the phrase 768 and comments thereafter in the ratifying conventions 769 were to the effect that the President at least, and all the debate was in terms of the President, should be removable by impeachment for commissions or omissions in office which were not criminally cognizable. And in the First Congress’ ”removal” debate, Madison maintained that the wanton removal from office of meritorious officers would be an act of maladministration which would render the President subject to impeachment. 770 Other comments, especially in the ratifying conventions, tend toward a limitation of the term to criminal, perhaps gross criminal, behavior. 771 While conclusions may be drawn from the conflicting statement, it must always be recognized that a respectable case may be made for either view. – See more at:http://constitution.findlaw.com/article2/annotation18.html#sthash.o3T8hdVP.dpufAlexIt does not need to go before the house for Treason to be charged and prosecuted. it takes 3 Supreme court Judges to all agree there are grounds for a charge of Treason to be filed against ANY member of the Congress, House or the office of the POTUS or any of his cabinet members. Didn’t you people today ever study American Government in H.S.? This is just basic American HistoryAlexThe Haupt Case .–The Supreme Court sustained a conviction of treason, for the first time in its history, in 1947 in Haupt v. United States. 1299 Here it was held that although the overt acts relied upon to support the charge of treason–defendant’s harboring and sheltering in his home his son who was an enemy spy and saboteur, assisting him in purchasing an automobile, and in obtaining employment in a defense plant–were all acts which a father would naturally perform for a son, this fact did not necessarily relieve them of the treasonable purpose of giving aid and comfort to the enemy. – See more at:http://constitution.findlaw.com/article3/annotation24.html#sthash.ieuHVMYt.dpufEvil AirgodClearly your knowledge of scripture is lacking and your revisionist history is disturbing and lacking in fact.God chose Abram later called Abraham who begat Ismael and Isaac as well as many others. God specifically said the “great nation” from his descendents would be through Sara his wife, who was Isaac’s mother. From Isaac came Jacob and Esau. Jacob’s name was changed from Jacob to Israel.After the ten northern tribes (the kingdom henceforth known as Israel) split from the two southern tribes (the kingdom henceforth known as Judah) after the death of Solomon, the southern two tribes were referred to as Jews or “of the tribe of Judah” after the Assyrians carried the northern kingdom of Israel away into captivity in 722 BC. The leadership and the bulk of the people were carried away into captivity and history does not record what happened to them.The Babylonians destroyed Jerusalem and the Temple of Solomon in 586 BC and carried away the leadership as well as the bulk of the people to Babylon. In both cases, a small remnant was left behind but not the vast majority of the people.It was customary at that time that when a land was conquered, the people were removed and other conquered peoples were resettled in their land. Because the resettled people had no historical tie to the land they would be less likely to rebel and cause problems.70 years after Judah (Jews) was carried away into captivity, Cyrus the Great fulfilled biblical prophecy and allowed them to return. They rebuilt the Temple and the city walls. The remnant of Jews that had remained in the land in the meantime had intermarried with the gentiles that had been settled there. They were known as Samaritans and were despised by the Jews as half-breeds.The Romans destroyed the Herod’s Temple and Jerusalem during the last rebellion in around 70 AD and the people were dispersed. Josephus the historian has chronicled this quite clearly so to say that there was “no Diaspora” is historically and categorically false.The land of “Palestine” remained pretty much a desolate wasteland for centuries. Various peoples passed through as it was a major trade thoroughfare from Egypt and Africa north to Asia Minor. Cities were eventually rebuilt in some places but the land by and large was empty and unsettled.The Ottoman Empire eventually controlled that part of the world post Crusades but even then with the exception of some of the larger cities and trade centers astride the trade routes the land at large was desolate and unsettled.The biggest reason why the land remained virtually uninhabited for centuries is that no one wanted to settle in a wasteland. The Turks eventually paid people to move there and make something of the land but virtually all of the people who moved there to start a project eventually gave up and left. Jews would eventually find their way back there and start building. They attracted other Jews and soon they would build a thriving community that attracted people’s passing through who would stop and settle down. After so many years, the people would rise up and slaughter the Jews who started it all and the remnant would leave the area, the community would quickly die and it returned to being a wasteland. Eventually some Jews would filter back into the area a decade or so later and the cycle would repeat. The pogroms are recorded historical record.Samuel Clemons (Mark Twain) passed through “Palestine” during the middle 19th century and wrote about the desolate wasteland that was Palestine. The British conquest of “Palestine” during WW I under Allenby describes that land as desolate and forbidding. There were no “people who remained on the land”. They were scattered in the Diaspora after the Roman conquest but there was always a yearning to return and once again establish the nation of Israel populated by Jews.The 19th century saw the start of the Zionist congress with the goal to reestablish Jews in Israel within their historical borders. The Balfour declaration just after WW I was the British promise to do exactly that but over time it was watered down and eventually put on indefinite hold.Any people living in the few towns and cities post WW I were a composite of the peoples from the previous Ottoman Empire, a polyglot mixture of arabs as well as peoples from North Africa, Europeans that had either stayed after the crusades or were taken prisoner during arab incursions into southern Europe and a small remnant of Jews. The various peoples had no national identity as “Palestinians”. The only people with any identity as a community were the Jews living there.The so-called Palestinians weren’t referred to as such (they considered themselves Jordanian) until June 4, 1967, when Arafat created them out of thin air to give a face to the terrorists who tried (and continue to try) to wipe Israel off the face of the map in order to begin garnering world wide support for their cause, the destruction of Israel and the death of all the Jews.The Jews stole nothing from anyone. History records no people ancient or otherwise, known as “Palestinians”. They are a made up people. However, Jews/Israelites/Israelis have been around since Jacob had his name changed to Israel by God Himself. The land known as “Palestine” also known as the Promised Land from the Old Testament was promised by God to Abraham and his descendants forever and nothing anyone says, invents “facts” about or ignores history will change that fact.Evil AirgodCan’t disagree too much with that sentiment. The sheeple are easily punked as it takes actual work and constant vigilance to be a citizen and no work and ambivalence to be a subject.EevieThank you!! I”ve been trying to get people to understand this……All terrorist groups are owned and operated by the CIA. Don’t stop now!! Keep the truth coming!!logger1492I still say that we should not be to ready to expose the Constitution when the shell is soft. By that I mean unnecessarily allowing politicians from all parties a chance to tamper with it. I am sure there are plans for that eventuality in place by all sides.Hello TL ! Is it the education, or how one uses (misuses) ones education? For me, the concept is similar to intelligence. Criminals who are the most intelligent are the most successful. Just take a look at many of the parasites in congress – – . The less intelligent criminals are the ones who engage in the Obama/Sharpton, racist, knockout procedure.Turbo_lancerEducation could be considered as tools, but tools are useless if there is no occupation to apply them. To be practical, certain power brokers find a reciprocal occupation from the reflection in the mirror rather than the view from their window.It’s getting to the point where I don’t believe anything anymore unless I see proof. There is just too much disinformation going around. It’s Orwell’s1984 the Soviet Onion and Sun Tzu all wrapped up in one neat package handed to us on a ornate silver platter most all of it is Bravo Sierra.drbhelthiExcellent points ! However, you and I know that Jesus, not Lucifer, will decide His return- !drbhelthiIt is an act of treason. Without question. However. Cashing the info in for punitive action is sort of difficult at the moment – .ChicagoThunder1No, it didn’t however it did start with the devil and he’s been close to all that you speak of. Wouldn’t it be something if he’s been working undercover for God all along sorting out the good and the bad taking notes for judgment day. Because that’s how it looks to me. He’s the worlds greatest spy ever and he’s duped the best.Clevey77“Spelling” Fact; most misspelled words can be assimilated, although it may drive the good speller insane! Namaste…Clevey77Fact and opinion;……I love the fact that most commentary here, if read with an open mind, will increase our knowledge and help the forum of information. Ideas and history, fact or fiction, contributes to the overall subject matter. Many statements open the door to undo the myopia or lack of knowledge. Just being part of the problem of lack of knowledge contributes to the great stimuli of those that share their education in the mix. Therefore, your insight is deeply appreciated…the more we are willing to share even when the facts seem to be lacking, the dialog can help to steer and give bearing…like a compass, to a broader tolerance and guidance of the subject matter. Namaste YVFPO5iQUB….minute-man” Cashing the info in for punitive action is sort of difficult at the moment”…because there are very pathetic few in Washington with a spinedisqus_YVFPO5iQUBVery well said. Everyone is entitled to their opinion like you say weather right or wrong. As for questions I feel there is no such thing as a bad or stupid question. People may see things differently on a site like this but this is what always made America great. Respect for each other is the key I would say no matter what someone’s opinion might be.Clevey77Yes, the freedom to speak, my contribute to the developing inquisition of the intolerant clergy. Burning at the stake my be to kind of a punishment!whiteaglesoaringOh my, how impressive! A blustery hot wind bloweth from the wastelands unto Mount Zion….the land of Palestine is known from antiquity. It can be found in ancient writings and on ancient maps. But MY focus was the PEOPLE who remained on the land. YOU want to put a name on them so you can discredit their ownership of their lands and their homes. Stereotypical Jew.You argue semantics about “chosen” Abram/Abraham when your own Torah also speaks of a chosen people.Deuteronomy 7:6 – For you are a people holy to the LORD your God. The LORD your God has chosen you out of all the peoples on the face of the earth to be his people. You really need to go back to your own cultural heritage to learn what was written.You quibble about the Babylonian Captivity decimating the population of Judah, but archaeological research tell another story. “The biblical books of 2 Kings and Jeremiah give varying numbers of exiles forcibly deported to Babylon and at one time it was widely believed that virtually the entire population was taken into captivity there. However archaeological excavations and surveys enable the population of Judah before the Babylonian destruction to be calculated with a high degree of confidence at approximately seventy-five thousand. Taking the different biblical numbers of exiles at their highest, twenty thousand, this would mean that at most twenty-five percent of the population were deported to Babylon, the remaining seventy-five percent staying in Judah.” – Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher (2001). The Bible Unearthed: Archaeology’s New Vision of Ancient Israel and the Origin of Its Sacred Texts. Simon and Schuster.Tiglath-Pileser of Assyria institutionalized the mass deportation of conquered people but Babylonia did not deport an entire population. Mass deportation was NOT a standard practice then or in the Roman Empire.You’ve confused the PEOPLE who remained on the land after the Assyrian deportation from the Northern Kingdom, which included Samaria, with the PEOPLE who remained on the land following the several Babylonian deportations. Hatred of Samaritans by the “Jews” had a much earlier origin with the jealous brothers selling the favored Joseph into slavery in Egypt. Joseph became the protector and benefactor of the Israelites and was blessed by Jacob, Joseph’s sons Ephraim and Mannaseh given the most fertile lands of all the tribes of Israel. Samaritans claim that their worship is the true religion of the ancient Israelites prior to the Babylonian Exile, It was preserved by those who remained in the Land of Israel. whereas Judaism is a related but altered and amended religion that was brought back by those returning from the Babylonian exile. After the Roman Legion destroyed everything Jewish in Jerusalem, they even unearthed the foundation stones and hauled them away. All that remained was the Roman encampment, Fort Antonia, the western wall of which was adopted in the 16th century by Rabbi Luria as an artifact of the Second Temple after it was rescued from a rubbish heap. But the Romans did not order any exile. They just got rid of the viper’s nest to end the Jewish wars of antiquity. Many of the Jews had become Christians. Years later some became Muslim, but they were still the PEOPLE who had remained on the land… the ones who were the descendants of Abraham. The Balfour Declaration means absolutely nothing because the British don’t have the right to give away the land of another people. Even the UN doesn’t have that right and the Security Council debated that issue for a long time. The arm-twisting, bullying, and threat of terror at the UN General Assembly produced a resolution that had not force or effect because it did not come through the Security Council. The descendants of a war-like Mongol race whose ancestors had adopted Judaism in the 8th and 9th century decided that they would cash in on the confusion and propaganda of a world war and the appearance of history in the Bible/Torah to steal land from the rightful owners in what was then called the British Mandate of Palestine. Dr. Shlomo Sand, professor of History at Tel Aviv wrote, “Invention of the Jews.” Read it.Evil AirgodFirst off, nice try bigot. I’m not Jewish.Second of all, your stale arguments that today’s Jews aren’t really the descendents of the Israelites of the Old Testament is merely another attempt to discredit today’s modern Israelis and delegitimize them, their historical claims and their very existence.Third, I figured you were a Holocaust denier. So there weren’t really 6 million Jews murdered by the Nazis? I guess that would be news to the survivors.SidSevenActually, the ISIS trash was mostly created by Prince Bandar, who has been removed from that job, by the king of Saudi Arabia, as a result. This is squarely in their lap, with only a little help from us.SidSevenDelusional…WE are NOT responsible for EVERYTHING.SidSevenAmerica is not exactly destroyed, nor will it be, except maybe by crazy right-wingers.SidSevenGuilty until they prove themselves innocent, eh witch-hunter?SidSeven10,000 fighters hardly puts the ‘entire planet’ at risk.SidSevenBingo, but everyone knows the world ended when Obama got elected in 2008. Prior to that, all presidents were saints, and nothing bad ever happened, especially when it comes to foreign policy.SidSevenALEC & the Koch brothers would like to rewrite the Constitution: #1: Fed. gov. cannot regulate ANY business, Any way shape or form, anywhere. Funny, because corporations exist at the pleasure of the State, but they think it should be the other way around.SidSevenYou’d like Biden to become President? He could appoint Hillary as VP. Or, have you not thought this through?SidSevenWhat you believe is wrong, urban sprawl killed the ”inner cities’.SidSevenUm, you don’t actually understand reality do you?SidSevenWrong.SidSevenYour brain must be a terrible place to inhabit. What a complete maroon.SidSevenUm, you right-wingers sure love to waste trillions of dollars in stupid, unjust wars, like Iraq…but spend money here in America, for Americans? THAT you will not tolerate, hypocrite.SidSevenHave you forgotten the rule of self-interest? No one in government allows someone to come along & get elected President, if they are ineligible. Methinks doth view too much Brer-Fox NewsyNews.Ezra PoundWhat “reality” is that? So you support the terrorists in Syria too, then?SidSevenSomeone obviously impeached your brain.SidSevenMore like the 50’s, actually.SidSevenSo what? There are certainly a huge number of crazy lunatic, heavily armed ‘Christian’ terrorists around lately.James HunterAt least he will have the experience that if he does not do as the people want, his butt will be in the sling. Those in Thea white house will take second thought on their lawlessness.drbhelthiWhere was the alias, Barack H. Obama, during the period when the CIA showed him to be enrolled in Coumbia U. ?Randy ScottSpell ‘to’ well? Well said!SidSevenWhat? Try being coherent.ProudUSAVetYou are correct. Impeachment is like a grand jury. The House investigates and if it finds sufficient cause to send the person to trial, then the Senate is the jury that convicts if the evidence is such that 2/3 of the Senate are convinced. What I am concerned about, should Obama be ousted, is how many neighborhoods and cities are going to erupt in violence and destruction when the blacks react to their leader being ousted from office.William M DurhamReally, what do you call the current situation America is in, a sucess story? Economy sucks, down 3%, illegals flooding over the border, obama up to his ears in lies and illegal actions and the give me generation wanting more for free, wanting to borrow 100,000 for school and then wanting someone else to pay it back for them, drawing food stamps,unemployment instead of working and it goes on. The me now generation is the biggest disaster America has ever seen.obama buys the bonds he sells and then buys them again, with out using his visa to pay his master card that he pays his discovery card with America would be broke, and obamacare, can’t even cover the uninsurable, only about 9% of them now have that great coverage they were promised. But to you this is good? You Sir are an ass.SidSevenWe were training some of the opposition , namely the Syrian Free Fighters, (or what ever), & likely supplying small arms for a while now, in Jordan, but it was Prince Bandar, who has these ISIS/ISIL guys in his LAP. The King fired him. I imagine you supported Bundy in Nevada eh?ProudUSAVetIt is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt. And, Answer not a fool unto his folly lest thou be like him.drbhelthiPerhaps its time to recognize that Reagan was a movie star property of Hollywood, owned by the Illuminati. Perhaps its time to recognize that the “lovable Hollywood father of America” was used to get George H. W. Bush into the White House. Perhaps its time to recognize that the attempt on Reagan´s life by the son of the friend of George H. W. Bush was a well-planned, MKUltra-type activity. Important to comprehend is that none of the rounds from the gun of Hinckley Jr. hit Reagan, yet Reagan was hit. The CIA plan was to transport him to Bethesda Naval, where he would die on the operating table. Relatives demanded otherwise, thwarting the CIA death plan, which restored him to the presidency, where the NAZI/CIA manipulated him for the remainder of his occupancy of the U.S.Presidency.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_FQCENDjDERandy ScottDoesn’t ANYONE in the US military or Government know by now that whenever you train or give weapons to people of another country, it ALWAYS comes back to bite us in the rear end???? JEEZ!!!! Get a clue people ( Odumbo & Cohorts)….ProudUSAVetRe your spelling, freewheel, did you mean “too” and not “to” in your last sentence?SidSevenThe GOP has committed suicide, yet is too stupid to realize it. They have alienated every single group of voters they can find, & are now feeding on each other. Every single Republican I know has vowed to never vvote for them again, as they view politics as an end in itself. We all watched the GOP do this to Clinton, 176 investigations, & 1 censure for diddling an intern.The Party Of No Has Got to Go. As far as being an ass, you are addressing a Grandson of the Revolution, & the Civil War, with ancestry going back to 1642 Boston. And I’m related to Churchill, & Taft. so why don’t you just STFU?SidSevenExcellent point, but the pointy-heads think the world ended/began in Nov, 2008.Art RaffertyYou are absolutely correct. Two presidents have been impeached and neither was convicted. Impeachment is simply an indictment, nothing more. Impeachment is done by majority vote in the House of Representatives. Trial is then conducted by the Senate overseen by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. It takes a 2/3 majority (67 votes) in the Senate trial to convict and remove from office. And that won’t happen with the Senate currently in control of the Democrats. At the least, Republicans would need control of the Senate, and several Democrats would need to cross the aisle on a conviction vote for this to happen. It’s very improbable. But what impeachment WOULD do is to lay bare the crimes of this administration for the American public to see. Even a compliant media would have a hard time sweeping all the dirt under the rug. It could serve to derail a Hillary presidential run in 2016 and that would be a huge success.Art RaffertyAre you sure? I’ve never heard of such a thing and I have studied American History in both H.S. and College. Where would this be found in the Constitution or any other federal document? Please, I’d like to read about it.tk-attyThat is your response? No wonder you name call.metheoldsargeThings like this have been going on for decades. We trained many Vietnamese fighter pilots. Later we found out that many of them were North Vietnamese. They got hands on knowledge of our latest state of the art aircraft. They were able to meet US fighter pilots on equal terms because we trained them in our tactics. We also trained ground troops who went back north and took their training with them. It wouldn’t surprise me if we have trained a lot of Al Qaeda and ISIS terrorists. We keep learning the hard way again and again.Richard Bagenstosehay our government created the talaban years ago and look at that mess, it’s just more of the same. obama wanted the isis to defeat assad in syria, so he trained them, and after all this time they could not get any were with assad so they moved to iraq. no matter how you look at it , this is obamas messpat.condrayActually the Obama Administration did not sell arms to Iraq (against U.S. policy and law), nor did it get hundreds of U.S Marines killed off in Lebanon, and while an ambassador and three other Americans were killed in Benghazi during Obama’s administration, the CIA station chief wasn’t captured and tortured to death as was the case with Ronald Reagan. The difference is, Congress and the American people tried to close ranks and get on with it. And for all his faults and errors Ronald Reagan spent the Russians under the table with borrowed money, ending the Soviet Union. Only a raving lunatic would refer to Obama as a “muslim extremist dictator.” He has used executive orders only a fraction of the number of times his nutty Republican predecessors have used them. Reagan, of course, trained thousands of Afghan “Freedom Fighters” and equipped them to oust the Russians-including Osama Bin Laden. But hey-he was a right wing nut, so it didn’t matter.EevieRemove the rose colored glasses. Nothing you have been told is true. Nothing. A hard truth to swallow, but truth rarely is what we want or expect to hear.William Vasquezwell thats why he pushes racism in america. its to keep him in office. But it has to be done. they riot they go to jail. They can peacefully protest all they want.Alexto: Art RaffertyArt, I stand corrected for my partial error. Prior to the trial of Bill Clinton in 1998/1999. But After the House Judiciary Committee voted on Articles of Impeachment for President Richard Nixon in 1974,( he resigned before the full House of Representatives could vote on any articles. Since the entire House did not vote, Nixon was never impeached.)The law used to be that a Supreme court Justice could call for the Impeachment of the President, Vice president, or any member of the Senate or Congress based on the testimony of at least two corroborating witnesses. Upon the Issue of Impeachment a pretrial hearing evidence would be heard before the Supreme Court justices who would then decide if there were ground for the Impeachment to be sent to the floor for review and determination if there were grounds for the said impeachment to proceed. That law was changed in 1977. Where by it bypassed the Supreme court requirementNOW: Impeachment in the United States is an expressed power of the legislature that allows for formal charges against a civil officer of government for crimes committed in office. The actual trial on those charges, and subsequent removal of an official on conviction on those charges, is separate from the act of impeachment itself.Impeachment is analogous to indictment in regular court proceedings, while trial by the other house is analogous to the trial before judge and jury in regular courts. Typically, the lower house of the legislature will impeach the official and the upper house will conduct the trial. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment_in_the_United_States ……………………………………………………………………………………… This is something that Changed AFTER I was out of College. So I apologize for my error. That’s what I get for not studying more about the law, and less about business and Computer science. Alexsweetone2I know of no other president whose ideology is ”revenge” against the country that elected him president in all sincerity to see him turn the Middle East into a field of fire fueled by the presidents ideology perceived as democracy and was far from it. America use to be the leader of the world field with hopes and dreams of a free nation whose people lived in peace and not fear and intimidation by fragmented groups of Islamic Extremists. This president has not only consistently lied to the American people he has supported those groups alien to the ideals of freedom and hope and embraced those of a SOCIALISTIC SOCIETY that has been proven not work. And the only ones who survive and live ”largely” are those within the boundaries of BIG GOVT OVER REACH!Art RaffertyThanks a lot for your reply. I learned a lot here. The only involvement I ever thought the Supreme Court had was that the Chief Justice oversees the actual Senate trial. Live and learn. I probably should have studied more myself. My degree is in Computer Science. I was never a big fan of history – always loved math and the sciences.AlexOne last thing, I agree we need to spend more money on extra Secret Service people to protect the POTUS. As bad as he is and as much as he is disliked. The very last thing we want is that unbelievable stupid moron Joe “Boom Boom” Biden as a POTUS.I will give Obama credit though, he found the single most ignorant law school graduate, and politician to be his running mate. I’m sure Joe Biden’s high school photo and comment said something like ” Most likely to be precived as the stupidest politician and lawyer in America some day”.ROTFLMAO……………………………..GOD HELP AMERICA!!!!justathinkerCongress hasn’t the will.SidSevenParanoid much? Ego-Centric Much? Amero-Centric Much?EevieJust awake much.SidSevenI’ve been awake since I was Circumcised…..drbhelthiFacts, facts. You members of the cult who defile the title, jew, do a good job of interpreting the scriptures to suit your long-term intentions. Just as Jesus ran your cult of money-changers from the Temple, the power of God ripped the veil to the inner Temple in twain, negating the contract. Hebrew scripture records a very special event that took place over two thousand years ago. It did not fulfill your plan for God´s activity and your cult teach that it did not occur. I suspect that God is displeased with your debauchery.The most recent Hebrew scholar to investigate history, and establish that the current money-changer cult who calls itself “israel” and “jews” and “semites” are frauds. The true character of the fraudulent cult was displayed when Ben Gurion violated the Dimona inspection agreement with John F. Kennedy in the early 1960s. Building a frudulent control center at ground level, with gauges and levers that connected to nothing, and stationing non-English-speaking puppetry in the fraudulent center is typical of the fraud of israeli leadership.The two major books by Professor Shlomo Sand do an adequately thorough job of establishing the phony cult currently claiming to be “Israel” and demanding that the rest of the world bow to your forsaken souls. “The Invention of the Jewish People,” and, “The Invention of the Land of Israel: From Holy Land to Homeland.” Two books that clarify why AIPAC exists and pollutes the D.C. area and the U.S. of America.drbhelthi- have you looked at the coalition of Dem-Rep members who are controlling the USCongress? Americans have not had a voice in any of the decisions made at the senate, pres. cabinett or presidential level, in several administrations, yet are blamed for all the stupid decisions in which Americans had no part. You might take a closer look at a few issues. Many Americans have seen through the fog since GHWBush appeared as an oil man in Texas, slowly took over the Rep party, announced the New World Order, and assisted the CIA to take over the USA, the Western World and destroy the ME. And the fairy tale about Osama bin Laden, who died of renal system collapse on 19 Dec 2001. The alias, Barack H. Obama, simply accepted the baton from Bush Jr and has accelerated the tempo.drbhelthiHere again, your data-base lacks factual information.drbhelthiThe folk who have learned from the stupid errors apparently have no input into the follow-up decisions, as the stupid decisions continue to be repeated.drbhelthiGreat. The next step is to turn on your intelligence.drbhelthiCertainly. And a stopped clock is accurate 2x each 24 hours.Sad, that you did not inheret the savvy of your ancestors.drbhelthiIt is not the law that is the hindrance, it is the officials who are disregarding the law in order to implement their personal or cult agendas. One of the worst of whom is the illegitimate occupant of the POTUS slot.WhippitIgnore evidence that’s right in your stupid delusional face much?dinkerduoPlus worse—he armed this group even after Congress told him NO! Congress wasn’t sure just who the rebels were–but Obozo did–he then went around congress by giving Qaddafi’s weapons to the Syrian rebels who were this group or turned into this group but he knew who they were and that they want a Muslim caliphate—so does he!!! That what everyone was doing at consulate in Benghazi WITHOUT proper military security–THAT’S WHAT THEY DON’T WANT THE WHOLE COUNTRY TO KNOW! AIDING AND ABETTING THE ENEMY IS TREASONOUS anad he did it again when he released the top 5 Taliban commanders without Congress’s approval! Six months before that he signed into law PROHIBITING just such an act as he’s been trying to get them back to the battlefield for many years now! I think Stevens was to be kidnapped to trade for the blind sheik and it got out of hand and he and 3 others were killed instead! This whole Adm. is full of Muslims who have ties or just are the Muslim Bro-hood! He needs to be stopped or we are done!SidSevenI’m obviously not as paranoid as you, also, I know that internet rumors are not reality.SidSevenLove it. A ‘Socialistic Society’ huh? Kinda redundant don’t you think? Or are you anti-social?SidSevenNothing I have been told is true. (I’m LMFAO)SidSevenSure. We think you folks should get rid of everyone in DC who knows anything, get rid of the expertise, the institutional memory, & replace them with rabid right-wing idiots who know nothing about how government functions. We are already seeing the level of incompetence shown by ‘Tea Party’ morons. All they really are, at best, are vote-drones.SidSevenYou right-wingers are so completely delusional. You don’t know who your real enemies are, you probably think it’s the poor, or the big bad gubmint.Evil AirgodI have no idea what kind of nonsense you’re blathering about.I repeat to you what I said to whiteaglesoaring, “your stale arguments that today’s Jews aren’t really the descendents of the Israelites of the Old Testament is merely another attempt to discredit today’s modern Israelis and delegitimize them, their historical claims and their very existence.”As to the new covenant that Christ established with the church, I’m all for it, but that does not negate the fact that Israel is still God’s chosen people. According to scripture they have been “set aside” for a time; that time being now, the Church Age if you believe in dispensationalism. But, one day, they will again assume center stage in God’s great plan. Read the Revelation of Christ written by the Apostle John.As I have stated before, I’m not Jewish, and I ascribe to no “cult”. Israel is Israel and Jews are still God’s chosen people. The land was still promised to Abraham and his descendents through Isaac forever. The Israelis living there are the descendents of Abraham your insults and protestations regardless of your opinion on the matter.I find it interesting that those that foam at the mouth the most about Israel, dredging up conspiracy theories and throwing insults, tend to demonstrate to everyone else just how small minded and bigoted they really are. You’re trying too hard. It’s almost like you’re still trying to convince yourself that you actually believe the bilge you’ve spewed here.As for Professor Shlomo, I don’t know him and I’ve never heard of him, but from the description of his “scholarly works” I’d guess that he’s a lefty probably in the mold of a Noam Chomsky and George Soros.drbhelthiYour responses are consistent, and reflect that you have no insight into genuine hebrew history or the nonsense that you blabber. Your stance reflects the narcissistic stance of the cult you blabber about, which demands that all outside the cult accept the cult´s demands and bow to the cult´s presumed, god-given superiority. Your “guesses” reflect your lack of knowledge, and reflect the behavior that is common for a three-year that is learning to be a person. Keep trying, you might make it; someday.Vigilant2Obama = #Reparations + #Redistribution + #Retributionlogger1492I think you made my pointBarry BloughWho gets to decide which is which?MARYANN33You need to go with the left wing nutcases too…Please go.William McKeonWho vetted that for extremists to train on an American base it had to be the SECDEF after No , Duh! This is against everything when we are fighting these life forms!Peter S. ChamberlainOK, so the US helped train (a) the Iraqi army, mostly Shia, and (b) the Al Queda linked spin-off ISIS Syrian rebels. The Iraqi soldiers ran like rats, while the Sunni ISIS forces have recruited old Saddam Hussein-Baath party people and have been winning spectacularly. Remember, the US had formerly backed Saddam Hussein, too. Now we’re talking to the Iranian Shia, who are proceeding with nuclear and regional, etc., ambitions, about making a 180 degree turn to help us in Iraq against the Sunni ISIS forces who are whipping those we support. WE already sacrificed thousands of American lives to “stabilize” Iraq over years and the other side took much of it our soldiers died to control back easily in a blitzkreig. Never fear, John Kerry has gone to Iraq to try to cobble this mess back together, and we have only sent 300 “advisors.” Both factions hate us worse than they hate each other. /What [else] could possibly go wrong?Evil AirgodMy responses are consistent which means that I actually have a firm foundation and knowledge base from which my values are drawn.My stance reflects the conviction that God is in control and His plan is going exactly the way that He said it would go in the scriptures.The book of Acts speaks constantly of the Apostles, specifically Paul, going and speaking to the Jews in their synagogues so they can’t have been a recent creation (someone said 8th or 9th century creation) nor could they have been another people that “assumed” the mantle of God’s chosen people. Matthew 2 is the story of the Magi coming from the East asking, “Where is He who is born King of the JEWS…” Since the Old Testament speaks about God’s covenant with Israel and that the Messiah would one day come and the New Testament is about the Messiah coming in the form of a man, Jesus, and the New Covenant which is salvation by grace rather than the sacrificial system of the Old Testament, then one must conclude that the Israelites and the Jews must be one and the same since Jesus was born to Jewish parents and was in fact Jewish. To conclude otherwise would mean that scripture is full of errors, the prophets in the Old Testament were wrong and the God of Israel would be no different than the other “gods” that people of the day worshiped.So if scripture is not wrong, where does that leave you?So, since I’ve never heard of someone or something they’ve written until now, then my knowledge base is somewhat akin to a 3 year old? Interesting. I guess we all have to start somewhere.The biggest difference between you and me is that while I have and own the certainty of my convictions backed up by scripture as well as documented history. You on the other hand, back up your hatred based on the flawed work of Prof Shlomo who quit the radical Israeli Communist Youth to join the even more radical anti-Zionist Matzpen. Now THERE is an objective source; a self loathing Jew as attested to by his latest book, “How I Ceased to be a Jew”. I’m willing to bet that your preconceived prejudices and hatred for all things Jewish pre-dated anything that Prof Shlomo wrote. All he did was confirm your hatred and prejudices and put them into print.I am not surprised that you have, from the beginning, posted nothing but insults and ad hominem attacks since that is really all you have. The levels of vitriol and hatred you spew show you to be the hate filled, Israel hating bigot that you’ve demonstrated that you are and probably have always been.One thing that makes me curious; did you become a mental health professional to help others or to try and help yourself?drbhelthiAgreed. You are consistent. Your posts contain some accurate information, which you twist to support the propaganda that is used by the clan who populate the UN landgrant called “israel.” As with other of your ideas, associating Shlomo Sand´s scholarly books with what you describe as my hate, is more of your fraudulent propaganda. Your twisted use of the word, hate, reflects the most recent fraudulent-israeli mode of scapegoating. The concept finally was assimilated by intelligent folk, that “jews,” “semites,” and “israel” were former tribes, not races. Thus, the previous “racist” slurs no longer work when israeli propagandists use them.The work of God has been accomplished without the United Nations, without AIPAC in DC, without a cadre of narcissists in the Western World saying, “look at me, I am God´s special person.” Narcissists who demand that they are the special “children of God,” and that all others should bow to them. This clan, with HQ in Tel Aviv, teach that Jesus of Nazareth was not the Christ, and continue to disregard the power of God that tore the veil to the inner temple apart, voiding the original covenant. Your contempt – or hate – for persons who recognize the fraud of the current clan who call themselves “jew,” taints your blogs. Your rejection of the scholarly work of Shlomo Sand reflects the standard “israeli” disinformation program. It is simply a continuation of the refusal to recognize that God voided the original covenant and that Jesus Christ is the new covenant. You might take a look at why God voided the original covenant – – . Look in the mirror.LINDITAAs a simple people my guess is: ‘militant islamic group ISIS is a gypsy group and Hitler’s followers root in predatory unfaithful tribe origin from Crete Island, Greece who didn’t inherited any religion, any culture, any laws from the past. Gypsy group wants to install greek fascism regime in Arabic Peninsula and beyond. Hitler and his Nazis have been gypsy, too. All three World’s WAR have been provoke from this ‘good race’. If, gypsy is not fighting inside a camp with each-other, gypsy will fight outside with others. La,la,la,la……LINDITAAs a simple people my guess is: ‘third war world started in US after terrorist coward attack provoke from gypsy unwashed head in September 11,2001 and will finish in US. Mussolin and his Fascist Party in 1039, Hitler and his Nazis in ww2 have been gypsy, too. ‘They’ weren’t italian or, german?….William McKeonThis can not be ignored because, we are fools if we do and this this could well add up to being treasonous!mcbee555These people go through life lying, misrepresenting, distorting, all in the name of their religion’s built-in hate of Non-Muslims. They gladly accept assistance from “infidels” of training, financial aid, military hardware, medicine….then they’ll turn against the donators at first opportunity. Anywhere in this world where Islam abuts any other religious faith, blood is shed.coloradobearWhy does everybody keep talking abnout impeachment? It ain’t gonna happen. Too many crooks in the wood pile and they’re all looking out for each other. We know that our government has been taken over by a Marxist/Coimmunist Muslim and everybody else seems to be afraid of being called racist so they do nothing and let him have his way. To hell with political correctness. That’s what’s killing us and sending us right down the road to slavery. The appropriate thing is to do is exercise our constitutional right to overthrow this regime and install a new government that is “of the people, by the people and for the people.” Can anybody else see any other way to clean up this abominable mess? Let me know.gannoncoUnfortunately, Barrack is not truly a citizen, wasn’t born here. I know he’s a terrorist, that much is sure, but can he commit treason against a country which really isn’t his? Just curious.GordonGannoco you have a point there. But, I would assume if he can be elected as potus, then he could be tried for treason. However, he would then use something like this: “Well, ah, hmmm, well, ahem, ah I’m really not an American citizen” then followed by ” go ahead, sue me.” What a scrungy dirtbag of a president.crazyfreddieALWAYS HAD NO LOVE FOR MUZZIES SINCE 1956 / WHEN FIRST ENCOUNTERED THEM IN NORTH AFRICA LIBYA FRENCH MOROCCO/ DIRTY LYING SNEAKY THIEVING SELL DRUGS USE DRUGS NOR RESPECT FOR WOMEN / BEAT WOMEN USE WOMEN THEIR IS NOTHING NICE THAT CAN BE SAID FOR THEM > IT IS ALL ABOUT THE MALE MUZZIE > TIME TO DO A TOTAL REMOVAL > DON’T YA THINK ???Nikita63How much more TREASON can we allow by this administration? When will the moral and actual cowards in the congress grow a set and actually fulfill their duty and obligation to American citizens and either impeach or force this incompetent and likely much worse excuse for a leader permanently OUT OF OFFICE: Then try him for whatever transgressions subsequent thorough bipartisan investigation, the hard evidence will support. It is THIS AMERICAN CITIZEN and HONORABLY serving Vietnam Veteran’s opinion that there is plenty of such evidence and, it is beyond time it be evaluated and ACTED UPON ;in the compliance with and adherence to the Constitutional procedures and policies under the Rule of LAW this man so publicly and so often disdains and ignores!DarralHorse Hockey; Constitutional law;Section 3 defines treason and its punishment.Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court. Seems to me this is aid, also there is the possibility, maybe even probability of supplying them with American weapons, Man we deal with truth and facts here; propaganda Bull is un acceptable.DeWayneDemocrat and Republican (upper hierarchy) in Congress have supported and purposely helped the ‘ruling elite’ in America ever towards their NWO enslavement of America and the rest of the world. Voting for (either) of these political whores, will only complete the enslavement of American ‘citizens’. Vote OUT all Dem/Gop, VOTE IN people ‘radically commited’ to returning the Constitution, Fed-Law, and (cleaning out) the cesspool we call ‘Washington-DC’.steveImpeach obamasanford parisYou are dreaming if you think Obama will just let power pass to the Republicans should they win both houses. He’ll declare Martial law before that happens or control the votes so it doesn’t happen. We are not dealing with an administration that shares the same values we are used to, in the USA. This is a time of “end justifies whatever means.”Hunter TriceEverything Obama touches turns into a pile of dog@*#&Jonathan Rameydrbhelthi, You waste your breath on some people. SidSeven is one of those people. No one knows exactly what will happen for everything however I am leaning toward SHTF part Duh. I too have tried to talk to people who are where I was several years ago. Like many people say its not about Dems of Reps they are all on the same side, then there are us the people. Many of us are to blind , ignorant, stupid or just plain have a clue about our govt and all that entails. I admit I just started to really pay attention the last 3 years and I am disturbed by what I see coming. Good luck to both of you.Jonathan RameyCan you give me some examples of these levels of incompetence you speak of? Since when do you have to be rich and a life time politician to run a govt.? It was meant to be run by honest regular people, do their term and get out and go back to your regular job.freewheelinfranklin543We have been training these crazy jihadis since the Russian invasion of Afghanistan. That’s where this crap started under Jimmy Carter and his National security advisor Zbig Brezinski,who is also a mentor for Obama!freewheelinfranklin543Treason is giving aid and comfort to the enemies of these United States. The federal government has been doing that under dems and repubs both. The greatest enemy the Americans face is DC!Carroll PriceThe answer is not impeaching Obama. The only thing that offers any hope of restoring sanity to the world is ridding it of Zionist Jews.disqus_YVFPO5iQUBYes this has been going on for years. And we still keep doing the same thing over again expecting a different result. You just can’t fix stupid. These politains will never stop trying to run the world at our expenseDeWayneISIS of Greek mythology, becomes another US-Gov terrorist organization, trained by US-Military (special OP or Mercenary Military) become another terrorist’s iorganization in the world, trained on a secret US-Gov military base in Jordan, verified by the Jordan-Gov, that began murdering Christians in Syria, but when blocked by Russian, Chinese, and Iran warship’s, ended up in Iraq again murdering Christian’s… what can a person say???chase19Dream on! Not a chance of getting a conviction.no matter what Obama has done. His media bootlicks will save the day for him and give Republicans a black-eye to boot.EarlwAlways is a bit of an exaggeration, but they have been shown to be behind more than the average person would believe. They are master manipulators. The motto of the Mossad is “by way of deception we shall do war”.EarlwFreewheel is correct……..EarlwOne is as bad as the other. BTW both Arab and “Jew” are a Semitic people. The present-day “Jews” are not Semitic. They are Converts from a 10th century Turkic-Oguric people from a region near Georgia in Russia (Khazaria). They are now known as Ashkenazim. Not genetically related to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.Please research Zionism and The British mandate/Balfour declaration. The Zionists broke all the rules established by that rule for thier being given a place to settle. See Irgun-Zvi-Leumi as terrorists in 1948 Palestine territory. Lots to learn. Show who the real persecutors really are……..Evil AirgodANY nation that does not use deception ops whether during time of war or peacetime against enemies that want to see their way of life overthrown and them destroyed, isn’t going to last very long. The world of the Mossad, CIA, MI6 and countless others is filled with deception and counter deception.Are the Mossad behind a lot of things in their part of the world ferreting out threats to their nation’s very survival? Sure they are, but that doesn’t mean they are the exception to the rule.Evil AirgodPlease provide relevant proof of your claims. You made the claim now please provide peer reviewed proof of the truthfulness of it.You claim that Arabs and Jews are both Semitic and then claim that today’s “Jews” are not Semitic. So which is it? Today’s Jews just like last century’s Jews and the Jews of the century before that all the way back to the Diaspora post Temple destruction in 70 AD have all been severely persecuted for being Jews.I am quite familiar with Zionism as well as the Balfour declaration although it’s clear that your “study” and understanding of both is severely lacking.I know quite a bit about the Irgun in the run up to Israeli independence in 1948 and I seriously doubt anyone would dispute that they behaved like terrorists. Did they perform terrorism in the Palestinian Mandate in an attempt to drive out the British and then later to drive out some Arabs? Yes. Do I condone it? No. But they were not a large group and the Hagganah (precursor to the IDF) did not subscribe to their methods.Yes, you certainly have lots to learn.john4637Gee, what a boob I am, I was under the impression that aiding enemy forces was a crime!11th generation americanWe trained them?Gregory A GarofaloHanoi Jane Fonda should have been prosecuted for treason. I am a Viet Nam vet who saw that action,and with 59,000 dead soldiers and a million or so seriously wounded, how can they not call that a war against aggressive communism. How can they not deliver a conclusion of war in the Middle East. Congress, move your butts and declare it a war with the middle east terrorist factions, killing thousands. How many deaths did it take to declare WW II a war when Hitler rose to aggressive power? We were slow in acting and entering the war against Germany, that is noted history. But then our military strength was not up to par. And Obama has reduced our military to that again, pre WW II. We had to move and move fast to train our armies. We had the draft back then, and in the Viet Nam war. Does not a draft of men and women count for calling it a war. And we are making the same mistake again. But when we did declare war on Germany in WW II, it wasn’t until the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. Current history, Obama is decimating our military when he should be augmenting it, which he is not, because he got elected on the platform that we would not engage in any wars. War is a disgusting reality, throughout history, and we have to be ready for it, and to fight those wars that present themselves..For the only reason for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. We have no good men in the presidency and congress. So we are doing nothing again.Gregory A GarofaloHarry Reid, the devil’s advocate.Gregory A GarofaloYou’re a 100% right. Impeachment even without conviction in the senate would be a move in the right direction. And it should be sought now.Charles CareyRemember that the US trained and equipped the Iraqi forces from 2003-2011. Also , in 2007 , the US began “Redirection ” under Cheney which helped to equip groups like ISIS. Moreover it was Obama who was against giving weapons to Syrian rebels–which McCain et al wanted to do. But hey, why let facts get in the way.Charles CareyYou are an idiot.GordonCharles, you are the idiot liberal with your head in the sand. My God man, can you and other liberals not see what is happening to this country???????? You are the idiot and you are a liberal with your head up obamas ass. Write me when YOU check the facts.AHCharles Careyyour still an idiotza kamJust because he calls himself a MUSLIM ,This does not mean he IS a Muslim. Its all Fanfare and MEDIA Hype .Make the Muslim an enemy and the sheep (indoctrinated by the mass media ) Will follow . Paint the Wolf Pink and its a cute little piggy scenario. Paint the Rabbit black with demonic eyes and its the devil at heart. 1st the Russians were even , now its the Muslims. The question we should ask is , who really is Evil? those being called evil or those who are doing the name calling? If every Muslim was evil , then just by the law of numbers we would all be dead . Not now , but hundreds of years before. Yet until recently , We lived in peace and Co-existed without problem. WHy the change? Who needed a new enemy? And whos next? China? China at this moment , makes almost everything we use. Are they to become enemy number one after the muslims?Milton D BeattieThe Moron that calls someone an “idiot but can’t even indicate why ought to considering a self addressed message.At least the folk you call “Idiot”s are making an argument!Obama is the most treasonous SCUM to ever OCCUPY the Whitehouse. Funnily ENEMIES of USA were BOASTING he would be next President BEFORE Americans knew he would be, and of how they had funded him and how he would do their will.The FACTS are incontrovertable.Milton D BeattieThe Moron that calls someone an “idiot but can’t even indicate why ought to considering a self addressed message.At least the folk you call “Idiot”s are making an argument!Obama is the most treasonous SCUM to ever OCCUPY the Whitehouse. Funnily ENEMIES of USA were BOASTING he would be next President BEFORE Americans knew he would be, and of how they had funded him and how he would do their will.He isn’t a Muslim you moron. He’s a NWO puppet.All those folks believe in is power!These jihadis were created by the US to fight the Russians and CASINO KITA they have been using em ever since. Jimmy Carter and Zbig Brezinski started this bs and every President since, dem or repubs have used them. It is called controlled opposition. 911 was a false flag perpetrated by the Bush administration with a lotta help from Israel.batfly” these good foreign policy intentions have backfired on the Obama Administration in a big way” More like that’s the narrative you are supposed to swallow. ISIS is a contrived force. Who ultimately funds and benefits from ISIS should be the question on everyone’s mind. And the answer is nothing less than horrific and nauseating.Wondering WomanNot if lawyers for AmericaAgain are right. Forget impeachment. We can’t legally impeach an illegal fraudulent impostor who is ineligible anyway. What we want are charges of high treason and crimes against humanity filed against him and many others in this administration and in past administration all the way back to Harry Truman. According to AmericaAgain, the citizens can file criminal charges against all legislators in the states they represent. So it is past time that We the People start filing those charges. Since Obama has fraudulently chosen to represent all 50 of these states, we should be able to file criminal charges against him in all 50 states. Since, according to Tim Brown, Senator Lindsey Graham, has already been visited by the representatives of AmericaAgain and has since come out with very unconstitutional boasts of what he would do if he were president – this would be an excellent time to have the citizens of South Carolina file charges of high treason against him in their state. It would get one traitor out of office immediately and send a message to all other legislators at the same time. Threats that have no teeth to bite with, change nothing, and leaves us in status quo. All efforts to shred the Constitution, and all votes outside the Constitutional guidelines, and Congressional members condoning to continue aiding and abetting terrorists in any manner are proof of high treason and crimes against humanity.bariolaThis is not a series of constant screw ups by our mafia government; this is all being done by design. Endless war provides billions of dollars in defense contracts and gives the sociopaths that rule this country the excuse to eviscerate our civil liberties. This is why our government (or the mega-rich sociopaths who run it) carried out the 9/11 attacks and blamed a rag tag group of Muslims (many of whom turned up alive after-the-fact- the CIA must’ve screwed up its patsy list).BTW, Obama is a corporate puppet; anyone who thinks he is a Muslim is greatly mistaken and is not seeing the big picture. He is a puppet in a long line of puppets. The last real president was JFK, and we know what happened to him.