Site TrafficThe Red & Blue Pill is the latest offering from innovative and thought-provoking rapper Tabanacle. Once again, he does not disappoint. The mixtape features some huge guest appearances, notably from the current Don’t Flop champion Tony D and regular SBTV featured artists the Brotherhood, and Harry Shotta as well as U.S rappers Cashis & Sean Strange.Fans will also love the track W.A.W which boasts an impressive line up of rappers from around the Uk scene. This solid piece of work showcases Tabanacle’s unique versatility by including some commercially viable tracks without losing any of the raw underground passion that we know and love him for. His refreshingly honest style of rapping is a beam of hope for other UK artists and fans who feel the scene has lost its integrity. A polished and boundary pushing mixtape like this can only propel him further into the limelight to receive the shine he deserves.How to download The Red & Blue Pill mixtape on the mobile without a computer or stream it online: On Android: 1. On your phone, go to http://sbtv.bandcamp.com/album/the-red-blue-pill and download the mixtape in MP3 2. If you don’t have it already, install ES File Explorerhttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop 3. Open the file in ES File Explorer using the ES Zip Viewer (it should be in the Downloads folder) 4.Press extract and choose the folder to put the files in. 5.In your music player of choice, you should be able to listen to the mixtape wherever, wheneverPlay The Game is the brand new mixtape bought to you by up and coming Grime MC Jigsaw. He has recently made an appearance on SBTV at the start of the year with his music video for “Beware”. Jigsaw now returns with his latest project which shows his full development as an artist to the UK scene through out the mixtape Jigsaw shows his level of deep lyricism sharing his views on the darker side of the world that we live in today, whilst also bringing us his personal views on day to day life living in London. The project has some massive grime tracks on there including “Play The Game” a certified banger whilst also showing his versatility with storytelling on deep hip hop tracks like “Story Of A Soldier” Featuring some of the UK scene’s most well known artists on the rise such as Harry Shotta, Tabanacle, Brotherhood, Voltage, Vader, Bilzar and many more this is definitely a project that every true grime & hiphop fan can appreciate.Tabanacle was one of the latest artist to drop a freestyle for Charlie Sloth’s Fire In The Streets series and as usual the Black Triangle member doesn’t disappoint as he comes with his deep and insightful lyricism.After a big success of his last mixtape release Myndless Grimes is back with A68. featuring Mad Sam, MDot, Sparkman and NuGen. this is a must download mixtape and will be a big hit with all Myndless fans alike…