What's New in Version 1.2.2+ New coin pack purchases+ Bug fixesiPhone ScreenshotCustomer ReviewsThis is an excellent app that has helped me toby PathMaxRaise awareness of laboratory fraud. If you google Lab Fraud and DrSocial, you will find a petition to audit a corrupt healthcare system. Did you know that some doctors have been forced from the practice of medicine because of the laboratory fraud. What we need in healthcare is honesty and patient safety. We need doctors that will do their best, and work with, not against patients. Did you know that many doctors fear malpractice lawsuits and view the patients as the enemy, or working with the enemy. While there is reason to have some concern about lawsuits, I think taking care of the patient is the most important. I have had patients tell me: "thank you so much Dr. Snodgrass." I was so humbled by them and their appreciation. You realize that doctors get paid as in any profession, but what makes medicine and healthcare more rewarding in my opinion, than being a banker, is when one is able to help improve patient's lives. Sometimes doctors are so busy with emergencies that they cannot even talk to someone who asks them a question in the hallway, and it appears very rude, but when there is a bit more time to speak with the patient, hear their concerns about their medical condition, and then explain it to them, and discuss the history with them it can be interesting. Everyone has a story to tell and when there is time to listen,what people share increasing my understanding of healthcare, and also of life in general.THE BEST APP EVER 🙌by lindseylee93I have almost 2,000 followers on Instagram but was only getting about 50 likes which looked super suspicious. I never bought my followers or got them from an app, they just followed me and I guess are ghost followers. I make sure I have at least 100 on all my photos now, it makes my Instagram look so much better. I want to kiss whoever made this, thank you 🙌🙌🙌Pretty ok👌by sunflower.blxssI really like this app because you can customize your own likes, instead of other apps where you can only get 5, 20, 50, etc. but they should work on how many coins you get per picture. Maybe instead of 1 coin you should get two. And the price of your likes should be 1 coin. Other wise this app is amazing💕