I cover the video game industry, write about gamers, and review video games. You can follow me on Twitter and hit me up there if you have any questions or comments you'd like to chat about. Disclosure: Many of the video games I review were provided as free review copies. This does not influence my coverage or reviews of these games. I do not own stock in any of the companies I cover. I do not back any Kickstarter projects related to video games. I do not fund anyone in the industry on Patreon.What To Expect From Tonight's 'Walking Dead' Midseason PremiereIt marks the first episode in what the show’s creators and actors are calling a radically different direction for the show.Andrew Lincoln, who plays sheriff Rick Grimes, told Entertainment Weekly that “I think that people have to be prepared for it. We also go very dark and then something different happens in the story which I think is going to breathe incredible new life further down the road for the show.”Lincoln had previously stated that “It feels that we’re moving into a new show” backing up comments by showrunner Scott Gimple who says that the final eight episodes of Season 5 will mean ”a huge change for the situation of these characters.”Big Changes IndeedLincoln and Gimple aren’t exaggerating.The midseason premiere of The Walking Dead’s fifth season is not only shocking, it’s a radical departure from the show we’ve seen thus far.I’m not sure if the changes in this episode will stick, but there’s obviously a renewed effort at play to make The Walking Dead stand out.That says a lot for a show that’s been so enormously successful so far, even in spite of all the little things that drive me crazy about it.A renewed attention to detail is part of the reason why tonight’s episode is so fascinating. But it’s more than that.Here are the first two minutes of the episode for anyone curious, just to give you a taste of what I’m talking about:You can expect big changes in tonight’s episode, both in how the story is told and in the direction of the plot going forward. Everything in the episode points to a revitalizing a show that, while not exactly stale, stumbled its way through much of the past two or three seasons.Whether it marks a high point in the show, or simply a good start to something bigger and better, remains to be seen. But I’m optimistic for the first time since the end of Season 4 and beginning of Season 5, which ended and opened respectively as strong as the show has ever been.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.