Saudi Stocks Lead Gulf Rally After Oil’s Best Week Since 2011Oil has rebounded as companies including Statoil ASA, BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell Plc have reduced investments in response to the market's collapse and U.S. drillers pulled more rigs off oil fields, according to data from Baker Hughes Inc. Photographer: Brittany Sowacke/Bloomberg(Bloomberg) -- Saudi Arabian stocks advanced, leading most Arab equity markets higher, after oil capped its best week in almost four years on speculation a falling rig count will curb U.S. production growth.The Tadawul All Share Index added 1.8 percent to 9,345.32 at the close in Riyadh, the highest close since November. Abu Dhabi’s ADX General Index climbed 0.3 percent and Qatar’s QE Index rose 0.8 percent, gaining for a sixth day. Brent crude, the benchmark for more than half the world’s oil, jumped 9.1 percent last week, bringing gains in the past 10 days to 18 percent, the best two-week rally since 1998.Oil has rebounded as companies including Statoil ASA, BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell Plc have reduced investments in response to the market’s collapse and U.S. drillers pulled more rigs off oil fields, according to data from Baker Hughes Inc. The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, of which four out of six Gulf Cooperation Council states are members, has challenged U.S. production growth by maintaining output even amid oil’s lowest prices in more than five years.Egypt’s EGX 30 Index reversed gains of as much as 0.8 percent to close down 0.1 percent. The central bank effectively brought black market currency trading to a halt last week by ordering a limit on bank dollar deposits, forcing dealers to use the official exchange rate. The country has let the pound slide 6.3 percent this year, making it the Middle East’s worst performer.Israel’s TA-25 Index closed little changed at 1,461.98. The dual-listed shares of Opko Health Inc. and Nice Systems Ltd. led gainers, with both companies heading for a record close. Perrigo Co. declined 2.7 percent, following a Feb. 6 drop in its New York-traded shares.