Mark your calendars… March 2 is Read Across America Day!Read Across America Day is a nationwide observance which coincides with the birthday of none other than Dr. Seuss! This year, March 2, 2015 is the official date for the event — and the official book is Oh, The Places You’ll Go!To get you started on your reading adventure, please check out this great list of Must-Read Kids’ Books by age category, including many Seuss classics.SEARCH THIS SITENEW CONTACT INFORMATIONTrying to reach us? Our new number is 302-388-9669. Or email us at susanmcneill6@comcast.netRead about Success Won’t Wait in FAMILY CIRCLE MAGAZINEHOURSPlease note that we are an all-volunteer organization and as such our hours are somewhat erratic based on vacation, work, and family schedules.Please call and set an appointment for all book pick ups and drop offs. Also, PLEASE DO NOT leave book donations at the door. They will be removed and disposed of if no one is in the office.Blog Stats47,160 hitsWho is SUCCESS WON’T WAIT?Founded in 2002, Success Won’t Wait, Inc. is a not for profit literacy program based in Wilmington, Delaware. The organization’s mission is to encourage reading, particularly by children.Success Won’t Wait volunteers organize used book drives, calling on ordinary citizens to donate used books for redistribution in the community. To date, dozens of book drives have been held throughout the Mid-Atlantic at many different types of locations. Both private and public schools — from pre-schools to the University of Delaware – have become involved.Since 2002, Success Won’t Wait has collected over 700,000 books, with approximately 25,000 of those currently awaiting distribution.To read more about Success Won’t Wait, please click on the ABOUT US tab. For Success Won’t Wait NEWS, scroll down. Thanks for visiting!Email SubscriptionEnter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.CategoriesWHY DONATE?Research has shown that simply giving children books may be as effective as summer school - and a lot cheaper. Over the last 20 years...low-income students simply have less access to print. In some cases, even walking to the public library may be too dangerous.