Hello, I think most of you already know, but for those who donated and don't know us. I wanted to share with you that my sweet Darla passed away on Monday approximately 4 hours after surgery. I am heartbroken, but feel so grateful to all of you how donated & shared Darla's story. I miss her so much, but feel comfort in the efforts that were made to lengthen her life. Certainly this was not the out come I wished for, but God has his reasons for doing things. Again, I thank you all so much. Darla was cremated yesterday and today I received her ashes along with a beautiful paw print. I love you all. This site will be left up till the end of the month for the sole purpose of making sure everyone who donated knows the outcome. At the end of the month this page will be deleted. XOXOHello everyone. ..I wanted to share an update on Darla. We went to the vet. yesterday. She is scheduled to have surgery this coming Monday at 3 p.m.. She will then have approximately 5 -6 rounds of chemotherapy. I will post pictures and updates. She has had a tough day. She's very tired and not hungry, but I have faith that after Monday she will be better. Thank all of you for your support. XOXODarla is a rescue dog with a heart of gold. She was recntly diagonsed with cancer. She has a tumor in her nose and has spread to her eye. The vet says all her organs and vitals are fine, except for this mean cancer. I struggle with putting her down because if you met her you too would see that she has so much life left in her. I give her medication everyday, but her only real chance is radiation & surgery, which I cannot afford. I have been rescuing animals for years now and feel so helpless not being to save her. When we first got Darla she was just a small scared little pup. She had been abused ( hit on the head and face). She quickly realized she was safe with us and has been the life of the house ever since. I know we all have difficulties, but if you are able to help me, help Darla. I would be so grateful.Thank you,XOXOCampaign Not Ready There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution, it's a simple fix! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account.