Starring Samantha4/24/15Here's a second Mestiza piece that I fell in love with. I wore it out our last night in Grand Cayman to the restaurant Blue by Eric Rippert (same chef as the restaurant Le Bernadin), with these strappy heels I picked up during last season's Zara collection.My favorite part of Mestiza's pasay dresses are the flowy layers that are designed on top of a more fitting bodycon style dress (you can probably tell best in the first photo). It makes it so unique, and very elegant feeling--makes me feel almost like royalty.4/20/15Hello from Grand Cayman! Jetted off to paradise for a long weekend and really took the opportunity to indulge in some amazing R&R. We rented a cabana one of the days and decided to lounge around in my very appropriate metallic pasay dress from Mestiza, which fit beautifully with the backdrop (if I do say so myself.. ;)).Mestiza is a new Filipino-owned and inspired brand from New York City. They fuse Philippine colonial fashion with modern silhouettes that can be worn all year round, and in many different occasions. I styled it in a more casual way for the beach, in the most comfiest Skechers sandals from their Cali collection (there's a luxe foam bottom--which really came in handy with lots of walking around), and a straw hat.4/14/15So guys, this was probably my favorite view of the entire Italy trip..something about the merry-go-round in the middle of nowhere brought me back to my childhood days. I was really tempted to get on it but couldn't bring myself to sit with all the 3-5 year old kids and their parents haha...This day was probably the warmest we experienced on our entire Italy trip. I kept it simple and casual in destroyed denim, a simple v-neck top and a blazer with sneakers so I would be comfortable walking everywhere (which I pretty much lived in the entire trip). I threw on my favorite Jonathan Adler scarf for some color and my new Saint Laurent bag (bought first day in Milan..I know I couldn't help myself), and was good to go and explore Florence!