Wednesday, October 2, 2002Fashion show to benefit NNMC Fisher HousesThe Merchants of Pentagon Row, a property of Federal Realty Investment Trust will sponsor a fashion show and afternoon tea Nov. 2 to benefit the National Naval Medical Center Fisher Houses.Select merchants will feature fall and winter fashions and accessories to military VIPs, personnel and families.Tickets are now available at the NNMC ticket office and at participating Pentagon Row merchants including; A Visual Affair, Hallmark, Right Start and What's In.Ticket prices are $30 each and include the Afternoon Tea. Ticket sale proceeds will be donated to the NNMC Fisher Houses to assist in continuing their operations.Since opening late last year, Pentagon Row has truly become an integral part of the community serving the surrounding neighborhoods as well as two military installations close to the Pentagon," stated Allyson Sears, marketing manager for Federal Realty Investment Trust. "It is through events such as these for Fisher House that we can show our support for the community and our appreciation for America's military."The NNMC Fisher Houses are located at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md. Due to the types of specialized care that are available at NNMC, these Fisher Houses are some of the busiest and has a 97 percent occupancy rate throughout the year. NNMC Fisher House families come from military facilities all over Europe and from up and down the Eastern Seaboard.While the patient is being treated at the hospital, the Fisher Houses allow the family, who may be a great distance from home, to stay in a comfortable environment, close to the patient. The house allows for the entire immediate family to stay together, thus helping to keep the family strong through times of crisis.Also, the Fisher Houses helps in reducing costs as the room rates are far more reasonable than those of a local hotel while providing families with the amenities of a fully equipped kitchen, laundry room, and outdoor play areas for children."We were very excited when we heard that we had been chosen as the benefactor of this event, says Mr. Albert Harrison, manager of the NNMC Fisher Houses. "We truly hope that everyone will come and support us. They are being treated to a very nice afternoon."The festivities for the day will begin with a fashion show displaying the new fall and winter fashions available at Pentagon Row. Upon the conclusion of the fashion show, guests will enjoy delicious savories, sandwiches, pastries, and breads in the style of a traditional English afternoon tea. Tea and coffee will be included in the ticket prices, while other beverages will be available for a nominal fee.Programs from the event will be redeemable for valuable discounts for people who present the program at the time of purchase at Pentagon Row.Merchants at Pentagon Row have contributed gifts towards this project. These items will be given as door prizes to people who attend the fashion show and hold winning tickets.Ticket sale proceeds will be given to the NNMC Fisher House to assist them to continue their operations, providing emergency shelter to the families of sick and wounded Sailors, airmen, soldiers and Marines.