Everett Great is Taking A Breakis In A Private Showis In A Private Showis In A Multi-User Showis In A Semi-Private Showis In A Feature Showis In A Group Showis Having A PartyThe fun doesn't stop here. Click Here Now to check out some of our other incredible models! Click Here Now to watch this show as a voyeur! This is an exclusive private show. Use the chat rooms tab to select another model. Click Here Now to get full access to this multi-user! Click Here Now to get full access to this semi-private show! Click Here to become a VIP and watch this feature show for free! Make a pledge below to join this show!Play & Pay * Your account will be charged a one-time access fee of $4.50 to start this show. This will be applied as a discount on your show bill. * Your credit card will be charged after your show is over.Play & Pay allows you to enjoy a live show without the need to purchase credits in advance. At the end of the show our system will process a charge to your payment account based on the length and price of the show. Your account is currently not configured for Play & Pay; please contact "Customer Support" to inquire about having Play & Pay activated for your account.What is Play & Pay?Enjoy your live show and pay for it after the show is complete.You are pre qualified to spend a certain amount each day on live shows.View transactions under My Account > Billing > Transaction History.Your daily limit of $DAILY LIMIT has been reached and you are unable to use Play & Pay purchasing until the next day. You are approved up to $SYSTEM LIMIT per day and can increase your personal daily spending limit by visiting the "Play & Pay Settings Page" from the My Account section. You may also continue to enjoy shows by purchasing blocks of credits here.Your daily limit of $DAILY LIMIT has been reached and you are unable to use Play & Pay purchasing until the next day. All daily balances are reset at midnight Eastern Time. Please contact Customer Support if you wish to increase your spending limit. You may also continue to enjoy shows by purchasing blocks of credits here.