Telford Magic ShowsSome people ask me if I perform in Telford?Well, working all over Shropshire I very often find myself in the Telord & Wrekin area. From driving my multi-coloured car in the Oakengates Carnival Procession, appearing at the Ironbridge World Heritage Festival, performing in RAF bases around the area, many schools, nurseries, for housing associations & council funded projects in the towns Parks. The answer is most certainly YES!Shropshire Magician Magic KevAs a children’s entertainer and Magician Performing in Shropshire I have had the pleasure of appearing in some surprising & interesting locations. It all started when I was introduced to young lad who showed me a card trick in Shrewsbury. I really enjoyed the magical display & thought;' well if he can do it, so can I. I had spent the 90's playing music in a Band and was lucky enough to do some big shows such as Glastonbury, Edinburgh & other UK festivals, the Barbican, the South Bank Centre and a few tours. The band finished in 99 and I did miss being a showman so I quickly took to magic.But it is ok! They too are highly skilled performers!People often ask me "what excatly is a flea circus?" Well, its a circus but all the entertainers are trained fleas. They can;Kick a ball through a goalSwing on a swingUse a see sawPick up a wave a match. (tossing the caber)Roll a barrel up a hillPull an incredibly heavy chariotWalk the high wireperform the high jump into a bowl of waterAND get shot from the cannon of nearly certain death into the target of doom!!! (A must see).These are just some of the acts my dedicated group of highly trained fleas can perform...just call to book a show.The flea circus is IDEAL for fetes, festivals, large event and practically anything..And of course you get to meet my Star "Bruce Flea"Monday, 04 November 2013Shropshire & Telford Magician Magic KevOver the Christmas period I will be dropping the price of my shows for nurseries in the shropshire region. I already have quite a few booked during December but Slots are still available. To find out more call me on 01743241071.