The 2015 BAFTA Awards have been revealed and if you're of the group that believes they hold any kind of influence over the Oscars or serve as any kind of predictor, well, you may be moving Boyhood back to the top line of your Best Picture and Director predictions as Richard Linklater's twelve-year project took home three wins including Best Picture, Director and Supporting Actress, though it was The Grand Budapest Hotel, which lead the nomination field with 11 noms, that lead all winners taking home five awards, all below the line outside of the win for Best Original Screenplay.Personally I'm not ready to move Birdman below Boyhood in either Picture or Director as it only took home one award, Best Cinematography for Emmanuel Lubezki, though one interesting category to keep an eye on is Best Actor at the Oscars as the precursors suggest it will be Eddie Redmayne (The Theory of Everything) taking home the win after winning not only a BAFTA award, but also a Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award. I still have Michael Keaton on that top line and I'm still not ready to move Redmayne to #1.Otherwise, no big surprises here though fans of The Lego Movie will be happy to see that while it wasn't nominated for an Oscar, it picked up another Animated Feature Film win with the BAFTA org.I've included the full list of nominees below with the winners highlighted in bold red text.Thanks for Reading! Join the Community!Support the Site! Make it Faster! No Ads!Your support goes a long way in ensuring RopeofSilicon.com stays stable. For less than the price of one small popcorn, you can can help support RopeofSilicon and, in turn, visit the site every day without ads! Including this one!Ugh Redmayne. The more I see him win the more I dislike that movie. Without Felicity Jones that movie is pretty much unwatchable. If Keaton loses to him for the Oscar that will be very disappointing. For Best Pic, be it Boyhood or Birdman I'll be happy.http://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/LegenDaryl/ LegenDarylPlease let it be Michael Keaton @ the Oscars...http://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/maja/ majaI don't think the BAFTAs should worry you - they don't have the greatest of track records when comparing to the Oscars...especially when British actors are involved.interirisQuite of ten they manage to pull of surprises and the process is less buzz and media fed than the Oscars and more a genuine acknowledgement of talent despite having become more commercially orientated over the last 10 years,Joe SadowskiI see "Grand Budapest" winning everything early, then "Boyhood" taking BP, BD and BSA. That means they HAVE to give it to Keaton, if only out of guilt for not voting "Birdman" BP, which it deserves. Possible upset...Norton over Simmons, who is in the wrong category anyway!Zack SparrowI'll eat my shoe if Simmons doesn't win Supporting Actorhttp://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/Manu/ ManuThis maybe a stupid question but how does the Academy and these other award shows decide which performer will be considered for which category? For example, I just watched Whiplash this weekend and, for me, JK Simmons clearly gives a "leading actor" performance but he is nominated for supporting actor. For the BAFTAS, Carell and Ruffalo are supporting actor but for the Oscars they aren't. What gives? Sorry for the long winded questionhttp://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/Chris/ ChrisIt's just the way they determine it to be. Different people run different awards. It makes no sense unless it's your own opinion basically. For instance, I agree with the BAFTAs that Carell and Ruffalo are supporting. Tatum is the lead to me. Then I agree with the Academy that Simmons is a supporting actor in Whiplash. It's just another reason why Award shows are so goofy.interirisSimmons ws supporting at both wards and agree Foxcatcher a s well.http://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/JNFilms/ JN FilmsI don't get the Redmayne hate. He by far brought more to the table and did more than Keaton.interirisThe film is not as innovative as Birdman or Boyhood but here is an integrity to Hawking's life and in it's simplicity. Eddie does a great job with the physicality and putting across humour and emotion with in a restricted frameworkGlad to see The Theory of Everything taking best British film and best actor but I am still going with Keaton for the Oscar mainly because of is long acting career which deserves some recognition an it is an epic perfrmance. Great to see Hawkings giving the award for technical achievement to Interstellar.Very pleased to see the production team for Pride one a best newcomer awards and judging by applause it was a popular win, Lots of love for Budapest but a complete shut out for the Imation Game which had 8 nominations and no wins but not that surprising as the reviews were more luke wam this side of the pond. The more I see of Turing's accent and speech patterns the more it feels forced an over enunciated. .http://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/Risa/ RisaBest Picture, Best Director and Best Actor awards race at the Oscars is wide open - Birdman should win 2 out of those 3. I still don't get how Carell was nominated in the Best Actor category. He was brilliant but it was most definitely not a lead character.HeatherLoving that Desplat won here for The Grand Budapest hotel. Probably one of my favourite scores from him (his work with Wes Anderson is always fantastic) and I'd love to see him finally win an Oscar. Would love to see this repeat.Also, I also don't get the Redmayne hate. His performance was fantastic. I'd be pretty happy if either him or Keaton won (though it'd be cooler to see Keaton have a big career win)JohnIt's perplexing to hear people that have seen both Birdman and The Theory of Everything to compare the two performances. Who else could have done just as good of a job as Michael Keaton? Probably a huge amount of people. The physical challenge of replicating Stephen Hawking's ALS deterioration? I can't fathom that many actors could have done as superbly of a job as Eddie Redmayne did. This should be no contest whatsoever!!!TheVisitorLong time reader, first time poster. Felt the need to say that it's interesting nobody on here, including Brad, has mentioned anything about Actresses by name or by form... Just seems odd to me.TheVisitorI apologise, I meant to say that nobody apart from Chris has mentioned any actresses throughout this discussion. S'up Chris.jules andradeI don't understand Eddie Redmayne´s hate. Some people said that Keaton has a better career, but are the Oscar an achievment award? No. Many mistakes over the years for giving the award for the career. Is not fair. The performance of Eddie is so much hard than Keaton´s. I think no many could do a performance like this. Keaton's performance is overrated, and I don't even think Redmayne's was the best performance. It was Jake Gyllenhaal or David Oyelowo (both snubbed), but in this category, Carell and Cooper are better than Keaton. I think the problem is TTOE is a good biopic... for lifetime. Bad movie, but c'mon... Kate Winslet won for 'The Reader' and no one said that she was a bad choice.http://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/William/ William PichkanI believe a lot of people didn't like Winslet winning that year neither; for the stigma of a Holocaust movie equals Oscar (which she herself contributed to with her guest appearance in "Extra's" and correctly predicting that outcome). People hating on Redmayne is similar in that it highlights the other stigma of a handicapped performance equals Oscar.http://www.ropeofsilicon.com/profile/William/ William Pichkan(Plus, Winslet had the Harvey Weinstein campaign on her side for "The Reader", another bad rep the Oscars has going for it)jules andradeMy point is Keaton is basically playing himself, he should be the winner for that?? Are Oscar too predictables?? Yes, they are and every year get worse, but c'mon... Maybe Bradley Cooper would give the big surprise