Justin Bieber shows off his blond hair on the cover of Hero magazine’s Issue 13, out on newsstands on May 18 in the US!Here’s what the 21-year-old entertainer had to share with the mag:On differences between his upcoming album and last album: “The biggest difference is that I’m older, I was 17 when I recorded most of my last album and I’m 21 now. I’ve been through a lot in a public way which gives me a much different perspective on things. I am working with producers like Kanye [West] and Rick Rubin who have influenced me and the music I listen to in a big way. The creative process this time around is more personal, when was younger I would take other people’s experiences, now I have my own to draw from and it makes all the difference because it’s a release. It’s amazing because I’m able to really work out anything I am feeling in my music. I’m nervous whenever I put out new work because it’s such a personal journey, but I try to remember music is meant to be enjoyed – so I try to roll with it.”On his public perception: “It’s definitely hard having so many people judge you from a distance. Sometimes you just want to explain yourself, but then that’s giving into gossip and it makes things worse. It’s a tough line to walk.”On using the media to apologize to his fans: “I hope people felt the sincerity in my apologies. There are a lot of things that have happened in the last couple years that I’m not very proud of and I feel a responsibility to my fans and to the public who believe in me to make it right. I hope everyone believed it – because it was honest.”“I thought, Well, maybe this will be a good opportunity to put a black person on, and it would be a good opportunity to put a woman. There are certainly a lot of very funny women that have television shows everywhere. So that would have made sense to me as well,” the 68-year-old talk show host said.David also added that CBS did not consult with him about a possible replacement. “When we sign off, we’re out of business with CBS. I always thought Jon Stewart would have been a good choice. And then Stephen,” David added.David will be stepping down on May 20 after hosting the show for twenty-two years.Ryan Phillippe just disclosed on the Howard Stern Show that he is in talks with Marvel to possibly star in Netflix’s next superhero show!Of course, fans are buzzing that the 40-year-old actor could be the next Daniel Rand/Iron Fist, which is the next superhero to be cast for the upcoming Marvel/Netflix ventures. Ryan could also play a supporting or villain role in the upcoming Netflix show.While obviously nothing is confirmed, and these are only Marvel talks, we’d love to see Ryan in a Marvel flick!Robert Downey, Jr. opened up about reuniting with his ex Sarah Jessica Parker. "Private stuff aside, we were able to spend some time together and it was really cool...I went over to her place and then we went down the street... some tapas place on the corner with a friend of hers, after," Robert said. "You know, the funny thing too, is you always have a perception of somebody that you spent a big chunk of your life with and I think it's typical to the human thing that the further you get away from that in your new relationship, you [unintentionally] taint your perception of the person." Find out more about their meeting...The 25-year-old Nashville actress showed off her excitement as Wladimir, 39, as he retained his crown after defeating Bryant Jennings in a unanimous decision victory.Hayden was joined in the front row at the match by music legend Quincy Jones.“You know what, I’ve learned that none of my reactions can change what’s gonna happen in the ring!” Hayden said recently on Live! with Kelly and Michael. “I have all the faith in the world in him, and in fact, I think being a father has made him even more aggressive and dangerous. He’s a papa bear!”Amy Schumer‘s video about not wearing makeup spoofing One Direction is making waves on the web for being hilarious and totally on point.The 33-year-old comedian’s “Girl, You Don’t Need Makeup” parody pokes fun at the music industry for singing songs about how women are beautiful just the way they are – but only if they’re pretty to begin with.The track is reminiscent of 1D‘s “What Makes You Beautiful” with lyrics such as “Don’t need makeup to cover up / Being the way that you are is enough … You don’t know you’re beautiful / That’s what makes you beautiful.”