Budget travellers go to UtrechtUtrecht: the Amsterdam look-alikeWriting a a good article for tourists about the city Utrecht while spending your holiday there is quite a challenging pursuit. Utrecht is certainly worth visiting if you have planned a short stay in Amsterdam. For people who want to have a more or less similar experience to Amsterdam, a longer stay in Utrecht can be a good and cheaper alternative. The difference between Amsterdam and Utrecht is little.If you stay in Amsterdam you might wonder what makes Utrecht so special making it worth travelling there? While being in The Netherlands you would probably also like to visit tulipfields or windmills in the couple of days you are on a city trip through Europe. One way or antoher Utrecht is some kind of alternative release of Amsterdam and in another way, Utrecht is a little bit the baby brother of Amsterdam. The look-alike. In this article you get clear what really makes Utrecht different, but also what makes Utrecht a more unique Dutch city indeed.Utrecht has funnier canalsMany tourists come to the Netherlands to watch architecture such as the ancient gables on the edifices being built by merchants during the Renaissance and the Early and Mid Modern Periods. In Utrecht you will also run into these, partly because of the rich and affluent history of Holland. People will encounter these, but in a lesser degree. Less in the sense that Utrecht is smaller. Architecturally, as a tourist you will not find many dramatic differences compared to Amsterdam.View on Utrecht canal with typical low quaysHowever when walking through Utrecht, people do notice that a difference is found in the construction of the canals. The pleasant thing of Utrecht canals is that they were built with low quays. These low quays make it possible to walk closer along the canals or linger there pleasantly on a terrace. For many people the low quays make Utrecht a nice place to go.The Dom Tower a penalty of God?Utrecht has a wide range of museums, sights and places of entertainment, making it worth to go there from Amsterdam on a 20 minutes trip by train or bus. The Dom is a distinct ancient cathedral wit a gigantic tower and the sad thing is that the nave of this church has collapsed and blown away during a storm in 1674. The people back then thought it was a penalty of God, due to the expulsion of the Roman Catholic domination. They never got to it to rebuild the Dom Tower. If you see a climbing of 122 yard as a challenge then try going to the pinnacle of the Dom Tower. Furthermore, Utrecht has nice museums like the Railway Museum, The University Museum and the Dick Bruna House. The last one is the illustrator of Miffy, the almost iconic little rabbit from the children’s books.Dom Tower UtrechtThe Hollandic Water LineBut the Dom Tower of Utrecht is not really a unique edifice. Yet, many tourists that are interested in Europe and its culture have seen several cathedrals perhaps so in that way the Dom is not a big difference. The biggest brick building of Europe, the Inkwell, with the enigmatic alien UFO at its roof could easier be considered as quite unique. This building is unfortunately not, or almost never, to be viewed from the inside. Architectonally designed, this edifice is can be a stunning experience indeed.What makes Utrecht more distinguishing from Amsterdam is the Hollandic Waterline. This is a series of forts some of which are to be found in Utrecht. These forts were traditionally used as a defense strategy against enemy raids. Inter alia by targeted flooding of the western parts of the Netherlands. The remainders of this defense strategy are still to be found in Utrecht. You can visit the various forts in Utrecht and even stay overnight, like in Fort de Klop. Okay, mostoften it are old buildings and certainly not architectonic pieces of art. But for people with military interest the construction and strategy of the Dutch during the Renaissance and the Early and Mid Modern Periods can become fathomed very insightful by visiting the forts. The forts of the Dutch Water Line certainly make Utrecht something to visit.Utrecht is cheaper for sureTourists comparing Amsterdam with Utrecht often tell that Utrecht is less touristic. The positive thing is that Utrecht has the same look and feel and that tourists still are able to taste the real Holland. And that is definitely true. You will encounter more Dutch people in Utrecht. If you prefer less tourists and want to experience the real Netherlands, without the countless souvenirshops then Utrecht can be a fantastic alternative. The nightlife is equally gregarious. There are many bars and clubs and nightlife is vibrant. On an average the beers are cheaper compared with hotspots like Amsterdam. There are also coffeeshops, except less touristic. The average price of a hotelroom in Utrecht is 127 Euro and in Amsterdam 218 Euro. So budget travellers wanting to taste the same atmosphere as in Amsterdam easily go visiting Utrecht and as a result have more opportunities. If only because of the more favourable central location in the Netherlands. From Utrecht you get to all interesting places of the Netherlands within approximately an hour. Think about The Hague, Eindhoven, Amsterdam, the coastal regions, the flower fields in the polders. And if you suddenly are into a quiet day at the Veluwe, where it is possible to cycle through forests and large dune fields between the deers and mouflon sheeps, you will get there in 45 minutes.