Andrew MalcolmPolitical News & CommentaryRemember back almost six long years ago -- July 22d, to be exact -- when President Obama was concluding another marathon news conference? A reporter looking for something, anything to write about, went fishing and asked the first black president for his reaction to the recent arrest of a black Harvard professor by local police.The arresting officer, who was white, was answering a late-night burglary-in-progress call. He saw a black man entering a house and when he questioned his identity, the man became irate and outraged. Trained to be wary, the officers restrained the man while sorting out the situation.Now, even off the cuff an unprepared president could have said something like, "I think I'll leave that to local authorities."But he didn't. Obama was a rookie, in office barely six months. The president admitted his bias, knowing the professor involved, and his own ignorance of the incident: "I don't know all the facts." But then the commander-in-chief leapt in anyway, suggesting race was a factor and opined: "The Cambridge Police acted stupidly."The reporter and everyone else there that night had their big news story. Obama doesn't apologize. But ultimately he held that famous conciliatory Beer Summit.Fast forward to Tuesday, days into the Baltimore rioting and looting and also local protests over the unexplained death of a black man in police custody. Another Obama news conference, this one with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. As expected, a reporter asked about racial turmoil just 40 miles from the Rose Garden:"...Are we in the throes of a national crisis? What are you prepared to do about it?..."Glancing at notes, Obama then launched into a detailed, eloquent and for him rather nuanced response that didn't blame George W. Bush. Obama's full reply is here. Scroll down for the C-SPAN video. Our excerpts start here:"With respect to Baltimore, let me make a couple of points. First, obviously our thoughts continue to be with the family of Freddie Gray....Second, my thoughts are with the police officers who were injured in last night’s disturbances. It underscores that’s a tough job and we have to keep that in mind, and my hope is that they can heal and get back to work as soon as possible."Point number three, there’s no excuse for the kind of violence that we saw yesterday. It is counterproductive. When individuals get crowbars and start prying open doors to loot, they’re not protesting, they’re not making a statement -- they’re stealing."When they burn down a building, they’re committing arson. And they’re.............Continue Reading »The White House Correspondents Dinner began as a way for a president and the few news people covering him back then to gather for a meal that raised college scholarship money.The black-tie affair has, as veteran D.C. reporter Patrick Gavin documents, gotten way out of hand in modern times. The event now draws more than 2,000 guests to a Hilton ballroom and even includes a toast to the president and an embarrassing red-carpet arrival segment just like Hollywood, eagerly covered by other reporters.With media organizations vying for A-list celebrities and senior administration officials to sit at their tables, the banquet has come to look like what it is, a giant suck-up evening for many journalists to laugh, chortle and applaud the president they are, on behalf of voters, supposed to monitor like a watchdog.The scene reinforces the worst images in fly-over country of sell-out D.C. journalists and crony politicians mingling totally clueless to appearances. Think Oscars with politicians and fawning entertainment reporters. (To be fair, numerous Washington media members are also embarrassed by the orgy of self-congratulation.)The president always attends and speaks roast-style about other pols and journalists. It's an opportunity for a president -- even an aloof, arrogant one -- to look good-humored and like a regular guy with the media people he not-so secretly despises every other day of the year.Of course, as with virtually every word that comes from a president's mouth, the material is his own only in the sense he says it.Professional comedy writers are hired to compose laugh lines in the chief executive's voice, playing off of political news stereotypes and current news. They get paid, as they do on their late-night comedy shows. He gets the laughs, even if they're often forced.Of course, because it's the president speaking, every line draws laughs, even applause and whoops. But not all of Obama's lines were worthy of acclaim Saturday night.Hi, everybody. I’ve talked a lot lately about why new trade deals are important to our economy.Today, I want to talk about why new trade deals are important to our values.They’re vital to middle-class economics — the idea that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, everyone does their fair share, and everyone plays by the same set of rules.These are simple values. They’re American values. And we strive to make sure our own economy lives up to them, especially after a financial crisis brought about by recklessness and greed. But we also live in a world where our workers have to compete on a global scale. Right now, on an uneven playing field. Where the rules are different. And that’s why America has to write the rules of the global economy — so that our workers can compete on a level playing field.I understand why a lot of people are skeptical of trade deals. Past deals didn’t always live up to the hype. They didn’t include the kind of protections we’re fighting for today.We have lessons to learn from the past — and we have learned them. But trying to stop a global economy at our shores isn’t one of those lessons. We can’t surrender to the future — because we are meant to win the future.If America doesn’t shape the rules of the global economy today, to benefit our workers, while our economy is in a position of new global strength, then China will write those rules. I’ve seen towns where manufacturing collapsed, plants closed down, and jobs dried up. And I refuse to accept that for our workers. Because I know when the playing field is level, nobody can beat us.That’s why, when I took office, we started thinking about how to revamp trade in a way that actually works for working Americans. And that’s what we’ve done with a new trade partnership we’re negotiating in the Asia-Pacific — home to the world’s fastest-growing markets.It’s the highest-standard trade agreement in history. It’s got strong provisions for workers and the environment — provisions that, unlike in past agreements, are actually enforceable. If you want in, you have to meet these standards. If you don’t, then you’re out. Once you’re a part of this partnership, if you violate your responsibilities, there are actually consequences. And because it would include Canada and Mexico, it fixes a lot of what was wrong with NAFTA, too.So this isn’t a race to the bottom, for lower wages and working conditions. The trade agreements I’m negotiating will drive a race to the top. And we’re making sure American workers can retool through training programs and community colleges, and use new skills to transition into new jobs.If I didn’t think this was the right thing to do for working families, I wouldn’t be fighting for it. We’ve spent the past six years trying to rescue the economy, retool the auto industry, and revitalize American manufacturing. And if there were ever an agreement that undercut that progress, or hurt those workers, I wouldn’t sign it. My entire presidency is about helping working families recover from recession and rebuild for the future. As long as I’m President, that’s what I’ll keep fighting to do. Thanks, and have a great weekend. ####Hi, I’m Paul Ryan, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. This week, our committee passed a bill that we’re pretty excited about. It would establish what we call TPA—or “trade promotion authority.” And soon that bill will go before Congress.I think this is one of the most important things Congress can do for the country right now. (Scroll down for video of these remarks.)So, here’s the issue:Right now, the United States is negotiating two historic trade agreements—one with our friends in the Pacific Rim and another with our friends in Europe. We need these trade agreements so we can lay down fair and strong rules that tear down trade barriers and open markets to American products.You see, ninety six percent of the world’s consumers—they don’t live in the United States; they live in other countries. We have to make more things in America and sell them overseas, so we can create more jobs here at home. And when we do, American workers benefit. Manufacturing jobs that rely on trade pay 16 percent more on average.But today, the deck is stacked against our workers in far too many places. We let other countries sell their products over here. But they’ve put up trade barriers that make it hard to sell our products over there.These trade agreements will level the playing field for America’s workers. But to complete them, we need TPA. So what is it?TPA is a process for getting the most effective trade agreements possible—and for holding the administration accountable all along the way.TPA puts Congress in the driver’s seat—because it lets Congress set the agenda. We say to the administration three things. First, here are your negotiating objectives—150 of them. Tear down barriers to our products. Beef up protections for intellectual property. Get rid of kickbacks for foreign-government firms.Second, here are your transparency requirements. To name a few: You’ve got to let any member of Congress read the negotiating offers at any time. You even have to allow any member to attend the negotiating rounds. And 60 days before the administration even agrees to any agreement, you’ve got to publish the full text so the American people can read it for themselves.In an unusual move, Chinese nuclear scientists have warned their U.S. counterparts that they have significantly increased their intelligence estimates of North Korea's nuclear weapons capabilities far past American figures.The ominous disclosure, first reported by the Wall Street Journal, is alarming because since North Korea's first weapons test in 2006 China's scientists have consistently produced weapons estimates far under those of the United States.Now, however, the Chinese believe the poor hermit kingdom atop the Korean Peninsula may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, according to the compelling Journal story. And possess the capability to double that number within the next year.The information could hardly come at a worse time for President Obama, who's currently leading talks with Iran over a controversial incomplete pact once designed to prohibit that country from developing nuclear weapons.Now, however, the evolving document reportedly settles for delaying Iran's development of such weapons of mass destruction, subject to contested versions of international inspections. But North Korea already has nuclear weapons.The implications for American diplomacy and security are serious globally and within northeast Asia, where South Korea and Japan, like Iran's Middle Eastern neighbors such as Saudi Arabia, could be expected to start a nuclear arms race in their own defense.Under existing treaties, an attack on South Korea or Japan would be considered an attack on the United States.And while Iran's nascent intercontinental ballistic missile development program is not part of the current negotiations, North Korea is already believed to have such a missile capable of delivering a warhead some 5,600 miles away.If operational, such a missile would put the entire Middle East with its vast energy resources, most of Europe and the northwestern third of the United States within range, including much of California.And, of course, such rogue nations might be tempted to sell or give a nuclear weapon to terrorists for use or blackmail.This is a small story that could presage a much larger one in coming months about Hillary Clinton's last-chance bid to become president.One of Clinton's more prominent backers for the Democrat nomination in 2008 has opted to endorse someone else for the party nod next year in Philadelphia. Former two-term Miami Mayor Manny Diaz said Tuesday he was going with Maryland's former Gov. Martin O'Malley this time.The 60-year-old Diaz, a Cuban emigre and former head of the U.S. Conference of Mayors, is one of the country's more prominent and successful Hispanic politicians and a key "get" for any Democrat seeking votes in the crucial swing state of Florida.Not only is Diaz prepared to endorse O'Malley, he's also put his name atop a breakfast for the former Baltimore mayor to meet-and-greet Miami Democrats on May 8. People attending such affairs are prime donor candidates.O'Malley has yet to announce a candidacy for anything. That would preclude him from accepting all kinds of donations with tons of strings and limits. But O'Malley's well-received visits to Iowa this year were not likely to check that the vast cornfields were drying out in time for planting."He's not running yet," Diaz told the newspaper. "But I'll tell you, if he does run, I will endorse him. He's an old friend, and I'm very loyal to old friends."Unless their name is Hillary Clinton.Clinton's 10-day old "campaign" is so far less than a barn-burner. Clinton aides claim that's what they want, a quiet roll-out free of the regal folderol of her ill-fated 2007-08 effort.It's been unorthodox certainly. The wannabe president devoted the first two days of her bid to dodging voters by driving anonymously across Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and into Iowa in a luxurious black van.When she stopped at an Ohio Chipotle to order a burrito bowl, no one noticed. That's because Clinton and aide Huma Abedin wore huge dark shades like Hollywood movie stars and there were no table-to-table handshakes. In fact, the manager had to check the front-counter security tape to ensure it was the former first lady.At her opening official event in Iowa, the hand-picked attendees were far outnumbered by media held at bay outside. An alleged roundtable of regular Americans included Clinton, a Clinton intern and a college Democrat.As close as regular Americans got to Candidate Clinton on first campaign trip. (AP)Our more than 187,000 combined followers on Twitter (click here for that) and on Facebook (then click here to subscribe to that)know that on weekday afternoons we regularly share a selection of that evening's late-night jokes before broadcast. We publish a collection of these and other jokes when the shows are not on hiatus.Conan: Hillary Clinton is making income inequality a central theme in her presidential campaign. For example, she points out that her husband makes $300 million a year and she has to get by on only $200 million.Conan: What to call Bill Clinton if Hillary wins? The most popular choices are First Man, First Husband and That Naked Guy Running Across the South Lawn.Conan: A new report says dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with almost 98% accuracy. The report also finds that cats can sniff it out with 100% accuracy. But they prefer to watch you die.Meyers: A 120-pound Texas woman has set a new competitive eating record after she consumed three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three shrimp cocktails, three salads and three dinner rolls in 20 minutes. Or as they call that in Texas, a kid's meal.Conan: Hillary Clinton made the big announcement we all knew was coming. That’s right. She’s joining the all-female cast of 'Ghostbusters.'Conan: Scientists have located the section in the brain responsible for sarcasm. The scientists said, “Isn’t that just the most important scientific breakthrough ever?”Conan: At an Ohio Chipotle, a campaigning Hillary Clinton had a burrito with chips and salsa. Leaving, she was overheard saying, “Well, that locks down the Hispanic vote.”Conan: Someone has launched balloons carrying thousands of copies of the film ‘The Interview’ over North Korea. North Koreans are now waiting for balloons carrying DVD players and electricity.Conan: Jeb Bush just welcomed his fourth grandchild. The new Bush grandchild is happy, healthy and will be running for President in 2048.Meyers: Chris Christie today appeared on a talk show called "Pasta and Politics." It went so well that he’s agreed to go on “Meet the Garlic Press.”Conan: Burger King unveils a “Whopper”-scented cologne. So, ladies, if he smells like a Whopper, he’s either wearing the cologne or just ate one. Either way, he’s a keeper.Conan: President Obama announced that next month, he’ll visit his 50th state, South Dakota. Obama’s exact words were, “Let’s get this over with.” (Scroll down for 2008 news video of Obama's infamous "57 states" claim. He was elected president anyway, but of only 50 states, however.)Remember the hundreds of thousands of new jobs certain to erupt by 2010 thanks to $1 trillion in extra Obama administration spending? Remember how President Obama vowed swift justice to the murderers of four helpless Americans in Benghazi? Remember how you can keep your doctor and health insurance under ObamaCare?Remember how Obama promised to halt Iran's development of nuclear weapons because they would launch a nuclear arms race in the world's most volatile region and allow Iran to attempt its avowed erasure of Israel?Well, folks, your favorite incumbent president is morphing again right before your disbelieving eyes. Here's what he said as recently as early March: "I reserve all options, and my policy here is not going to be one of containment. My policy is prevention of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons."Now, here's Obama speaking to his favorite New York newspaper early this month: “I’ve been very clear that Iran will not get a nuclear weapon on my watch."Whoa there, Buckaroos! In just one month we went from "prevention of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons" period to no Iran nukes "on my watch."If you're counting, like many Americans, we are currently 2,281 days into Obama's "watch." With 640 left to go.After that, Obama's mother-in-law loses her free White House housing and the slippery South Sider will be golfing and editing the memoirs that ghostwriters churn out. So, by then Obama's OK with a Persian Armageddon?Some silly people were hoping maybe for once the Democrat was looking beyond short-term political talking points, something more far-sighted than sidling through this week's political dilemmas and gaffes. You know, like a real leader crafting a peace deal for the ages.As you may have noticed, what Obama really announced April 2 was an agreement to work on a real agreement in the next three months. (Scroll down for C-SPAN video of those Obama remarks.) So, the end of March was really just another phony drop-dead deadline.The reported deal doesn't close one single Iran nuclear facility.Now we know why Obama invited the friendly N.Y. Times in the other day: To begin shape-shifting his words on "prevention of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons" period into something else. Here's what Obama admitted about any agreement on the future of Iranian nukes:Hi everybody. Wednesday is Earth Day, a day to appreciate and protect this precious planet we call home. And today, there’s no greater threat to our planet than climate change.2014 was the planet’s warmest year on record. Fourteen of the 15 hottest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century. This winter was cold in parts of our country — as some folks in Congress like to point out — but around the world, it was the warmest ever recorded.And the fact that the climate is changing has very serious implications for the way we live now. Stronger storms. Deeper droughts. Longer wildfire seasons. The world’s top climate scientists are warning us that a changing climate already affects the air our kids breathe. Last week, the Surgeon General and I spoke with public experts about how climate change is already affecting patients across the country. The Pentagon says that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security.And on Earth Day, I’m going to visit the Florida Everglades to talk about the way that climate change threatens our economy. The Everglades is one of the most special places in our country. But it’s also one of the most fragile. Rising sea levels are putting a national treasure — and an economic engine for the South Florida tourism industry — at risk.So climate change can no longer be denied — or ignored. The world is looking to the United States — to us — to lead. And that’s what we’re doing. We’re using more clean energy than ever before. America is number one in wind power, and every three weeks, we bring online as much solar power as we did in all of 2008. We’re taking steps to waste less energy, with more fuel-efficient cars that save us money at the pump, and more energy-efficient buildings that save us money on our electricity bills.So thanks in part to these actions, our carbon pollution has fallen by 10 percent since 2007, even as we’ve grown our economy and seen the longest streak of private-sector job growth on record. We’ve committed to doubling the pace at which we cut carbon pollution, and China has committed, for the first time, to limiting their emissions. And because the world’s two largest economies came together, there’s new hope that, with American leadership, this year, the world will finally reach an agreement to prevent the worst impacts of climate change before it’s too late.This is an issue that’s bigger and longer-lasting than my presidency. It’s about protecting our God-given natural wonders, and the good jobs that rely on them. It’s about shielding our cities and our families from disaster and harm.It’s about keeping our kids healthy and safe. This is the only planet we’ve got. And years from now, I want to be able to look our children and grandchildren in the eye and tell them that we did everything we could to protect it. Thanks everybody, and have a great weekend. ####Hello I’m Senator Mark Kirk, I’m honored to represent the people of Illinois in the Senate.I’m here today to talk about my work to ensure that the next generation of Americans never has to hear about a nuclear war in the Persian Gulf.Iran is the world’s biggest state sponsor of terror. Iran’s Aytatollahs are now trying to build their own nuclear weapons. Iranian leaders have repeatedly threatened to annihilate Jewish families across the state of Israel.Four years ago I authored a bipartisan Iran sanctions Legislation that passed the Senate by a vote of 100-0. These sanctions forced Iran back to the negotiating table.They were so effective they dropped the value of Iran’s currency by ¾.This was probably the entire reason why the Iranians even showed up at the negotiations.Lately, Iran has tried to backtrack on the promises they made to President Obama. Iran now wants sanctions immediately lifted, which would fund Iran’s terror subsidiaries with billions. Secretary Kerry recently testified before the Senate and said it would only take two more months for Iran to build a bomb.We must use strong economic pressure on Iran to prevent them from getting nuclear weapons.Stopping Iran from getting nuclear weapons is the greatest challenge to peace in our time.After the Holocaust we promised ‘never again.’ We must keep terrorists from hurting our allies and our nation. Thank you for listening and God Bless the United States of America. ####I am not a current subscriber and want to register for free membership on Investors.com.About the ColumnistA veteran foreign and national correspondent, Andrew Malcolm joined Investor's Business Daily October 2011. He formerly served on the L.A. Times Editorial Board and was a Pulitzer finalist in 2004. He is the author of 10 nonfiction books and father of four. UPDATE: In 2015, Politico reported Malcolm was ranked the No. 12 most influential political journalist on Twitter and No. 2 among conservatives.Select market data is provided by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services. Price and Volume data is delayed 20 minutes unless otherwise noted, is believed accurate but is not warranted or guaranteed by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services and is subject to Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services terms. All times are Eastern United States. *Reflects real-time index prices.