07 February 2015It's Saturday! Yay! Here's a sinfully good treat by author, Scarlet Chastain, to add to a great day. Welcome, Scarlet!What would you like to tell readers about yourself?* Hi CR! Thanks for having me on your blog today. I write under two pen names, Sandra Bunino and Scarlet Chastain. Scarlet’s focus is female-centric sizzling stories written about women, for women.What book are you going to tell us about today? Is it part of a series? If so, what's the order the books should be read in?* My new release, I Kissed a Girl in Vegas, is the first book in my I Kissed a Girl series. I have at least two other books planned for the series. All of the stories will be stand alone with different sets of characters in each book with a common focus of first time experiences.How'd you/your muse come up with this story?* Katy Perry’s song, ‘I Kissed a Girl’, was my inspiration for this story and series.Describe a heroine in five words.* Gianna Lucini: Chef, impeccable, high standards, commandingDescribe another heroine in five words.* Tessa Walker: Uncomfortable in a pink bikiniDescribe a third character in five words.* Mark: Maitre d’, Tall, Dark and MuscledWho's your favorite character in the book & why?* I love Gianna because she’s strong and not afraid to go after what she wants. However, Gianna has a soft side to her and wants her own happily ever after.What's your favorite line in the story?* “Have you ever kissed a girl?”A look into the story~ Blurb ~* Tessa Walker’s business trip takes her to one of the poshest hotels on the Vegas Strip. Nursing a break-up, she can use of weekend of fun and sun. Little does she know, her pool cabana mate is none other than famous chef and restaurateur, Gianna Lucini, who introduces her to the world of great food and forbidden passion.* Life as a jet-set chef isn’t all it’s cracked up to be for Gianna. Like her restaurants, she insists on control in the bedroom and her tastes run anything but plain vanilla. She’s ready to give up on love until Tessa serves up an offer Gianna can't turn down.~ Excerpt ~* “Mark has another talent you’re sure to enjoy. I’m going to take over for him so he can show you. Just keep an open mind and let yourself go, Tessa.” Her slow words mesmerized me as her strong fingers took over and Mark let go. Her hands were small and soft in comparison to his. Gianna’s fingers traveled across my shoulder blades, loosening tight muscles along the way. I grabbed the edge of the table and slid my chair back a few inches. “Relax,” Gianna whispered. Mark moved to my side and casually leaned against the table. He picked up my hand and rubbed small circles around the sensitive area where my thumb met my palm.* “You have a hard time letting go. Don’t you, Tessa?” he asked.* I took a deep breath and reached for my glass of wine, hoping it’d provide much needed liquid courage. Mark grabbed my other hand before it could capture the wineglass.* “You don’t need that to relax. Let me help you.” His graveled voice rumbled its way through my body and stoked the heat settling low in my belly.