Course DescriptionUnity 5 Ready: The first part of the course is taught in Unity 4.6 as this is established and stable. We will be adding Unity 5 content once the major bugs are ironed-out of this new version.This is the online game development school that was a runaway success on Kickstarter.Learn how to create video games using Unity 3D, the free-to-use game development tool. We start super simple so you'll be ok with little or no experience. With our online tutorials, you'll be amazed what you can achieve.Benefit from our world-class support from both other students, and Ben & Brice who are on the forums daily. Go on to build several games including a full 3D version of Pong with an online multiplayer scoreboard, and more.You will have access to a course forum where you can discuss topics on a course-wide basis, or down to the individual video. Our thriving discussion forum will help you learn and share ideas with other students. Check out our reviews to see how people love this feature.The course is project-based, so you will not just be learning dry programming concepts, but applying them immediately to real indie games as you go. All the project files will be included, as well as additional references and resources - you'll never get stuck. There are talking-head videos, powerful diagrams, quality screencasts and more.Oh, and it's just bigger and better than the competition. See the length and the reviews.For each demo game you build you will follow this process...Be challenged to build the entire game yourself.Be shown step-by step how to build it.Be challenged to apply, and re-apply your knowledge regularly.You will get full lifetime access for a single one-off fee. The creators are qualified and experienced coders and avid gamers, so are able to explain complex concepts clearly, as well as entertain along the way. Most courses teach scripting using only C#. We will be teaching in C#, and translating to UnityScript and Boo (where possible).By the end of the course you'll be very confident in the basics of coding and game development, and hungry to learn more.What this course DOESN'T cover...Whereas this course is already huge, we can't possibly cover everything in that time. Here are some things we will not be covering...Unity Pro features.Performance optimisation.Editor plugins or modifications.Procedural generation*Physics engine modification** Separate mini-courses to cover these topics are now available.Anyone who wants to learn to create games: Unity 3D is a fantastic platform which enables you to make production-quality games. Furthermore these games can be created for Windows, MacOS, iOS (even iOS 8), Android and Web from a single source!If you're a complete beginner, we'll teach you all the coding and game design principles you'll need. If you're an artist, we'll teach you to bring your assets to life. If you're a coder, we'll teach you game design principles.In this video we'll clean up our game a little bit and make sure the game restarts properly every time. After watching this video, you will have learnt enough to build your own min console game in code :-)In this video we will review the Number Wizard Console Game and what we learnt while building it. We'll also talk about how we could improve it and a few possible extensions. We'll then take a peek at what's ahead in the next section.In this section, we will go through building a basic User Interface consisting of simple menus. We'll be reusing the code from our previous section to recreate a visual Number Wizard game. After this section, you'll be able to add and modify scripts on objects in your game and create simple menus that respond to mouse input.In this video, we discuss basic Object Oriented Programming principles and introduce you to the terminology. By the end, you will be able to define the following terms in the context of Object Oriented Programming:In this video, we talk a little more about the structure of the course and how you should approach the challenges. We also show you how you can send us feedback on the course and how to get in touch with us.Instructor BiographyHi, I'm Ben. I have a degree in computing from Imperial College London, and a physics diploma from the Open University.I started working for myself at the age of 15, and never looked back. I explored careers as varied as being a commercial pilot, stunt-man, rock climbing instructor, and more. None of these provided a continued challenge, and stable income in the same way technology does.After building and selling a home computer support business, I became an angel investor and business mentor here in Cambridge UK. I now spend most of my time sharing my passion for technology with people like you.I can't wait to help you experience the fulfilment, and financial freedom, that having a deep understanding of technology brings.So why not start learning to code now by joining our epic Unity 3D game development course?Instructor BiographyI have a broad technology background that includes Programming for physics simulations, Natural Language Processing, anomaly detection in real time, embedded development and web application.I'm comfortable with a large range of languages and techniques.I have a keen interest in growing the next generation of software professionals and actively teach programming in my spare time at every opportunity I get.ReviewsLearn To Code by Making Games - Complete Unity 5 DeveloperAverage Rating4.9184 ratingsDetails5 Stars1734 Stars83 Stars02 Stars21 Stars1Leonard Robertsa day agoDefinitive Unity Course for BeginnersI'm a complete beginner when it comes to development. I work as a Salesforce Developer during the day but for the last several years I have wanted to be a "real" developer, someone who writes code. I have followed along with what seems like 1000+ YouTube tutorials... often times the code does not work as expected, sometimes the concepts and functionality are outdated or poorly explained. It ends up being a big disappointment and waste of time. Here everything is explained in depth by seasoned pros. The community is responsive and growing, and most importantly the content is a living evolving product. The lectures are being updated and refined based on feedback from attendees, not to mention there are entirely new lectures being added to the existing content! I had been stumbling around the net watching youtube videos and reading outdated tutorials for about a month before I discovered this gem. I can say without a doubt, I've learned and accomplished more than I ever could have alone. The videos are always engaging and educational, well worth the investment. This course has left such an impression on me that I contributed to their kickstarter campaign for blender modelling. I look forward to learning all I can from Brice and Ben.Liz Couture6 hrs agoEngaging and fun!Some courses I've done on Udemy spend a lot of time telling you about the concepts you need to understand before you get to use them. Some courses step by step walk you through a process of creating something without you ever knowing why. This course finds the perfect middle ground. Everything you learn is through a project, and the projects and lesson plans are chosen expertly, so that you're learning exactly why you're doing what you're doing, and you learn skills that start from simple and become more complex. The course leaves room for creativity and creation while you're learning to use the Unity Development tools, so that makes for a course that is both really fun, and really educational. And whenever my friends play the games I post on Facebook and say "How did you do that?" I send them right here.Jeremy Farmer2 days agoSimply the Best!This course goes at the perfect pace for absolute noobs like me. I'm not quite through it yet, but I've learned an incredible amount in such a short time. I'm almost done with my first game based on what I've learned! I cant say enough great things. However, the real value of this is that you're taught HOW to think/code as opposed to WHAT to think/code. The value is when you look into things they might not have covered in this course, you understand what it it means based on what you've already learned. I can't recommend it enough. Great work guys!Ben Zatrok9 hrs agoTop notchWith clear instructions and solid examples this course helped my game development aspirations greatly! Recommended for everyone who sees their future in software development.