Explore your PortSYDNEYHOTELS (Overseas Passenger Terminal)Park Hyatt Sydney : Want to simply wheel your luggage from your hotel straight onto the gangway? Book a night in the ultra-plush Park Hyatt Sydney. The hotel of choice for visiting celebrities such as the Rolling Stones, Elton John and Bette Midler features on-call butlers and one of the best views in town: straight across Circular Quay to the Sydney Opera House. 7 Hickson Road, The Rockssydney.park.hyatt.comPier One Sydney Harbour Around the corner from the Park Hyatt and the Overseas Passenger Terminal is another stunning harbourside hotel. Pier One Sydney Harbour, with its laidback coastal-inspired decor, is dramatically located on the western flank of the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Watch ferries glide by and the sun sparkle on the water from your harbourfront room or restaurant table on the pier. 11 Hickson Road, The Rockspieronesydneyharbour.com.auHOTELS (White Bay Cruise Terminal)Fraser Suites : With jaw-dropping views over Darling Harbour, a heated lap pool cantilevered over the Regent Place shops next door, and kitchens featuring sleek designer appliances, we love pretty much everything about these luxury serviced apartments. Its location also puts it a short cab ride away from the White Bay Cruise Terminal in Rozelle on the other side of the Anzac Bridge. 488 Kent Street, Sydneysydney.frasershospitality.comQT Sydney The funky QT Sydney is close to Pitt Street Mall - Sydney's main shopping strip - and the Queen Victoria Building (also stuffed with shops). The hotel's quirky design includes a basement-level barbershop, in-room espresso martini makings and a sizzling in-house eatery, Gowings Bar and Grill. Check the schedule of the State Theatre next door: it just could be hosting your favourite entertainer. 49 Market Street, Sydneyqtsydney.com.auBEST EATSJamie's Italian: Tuck into a starter plank piled high with cured meats, cheeses or crispy prawns, or devour a bowl of pasta. Vegetarians are unusually well catered for with dishes such as mushroom and smoked mozzarella risotto. 107 Pitt Street, Sydney.jamieoliver.com/italian/australia/homeQuay: Located within the Overseas Passenger Terminal is Quay, famed not only for its front-row view of the Opera House but a quirky little dessert known as the Snow Egg, pictured. 2 Martin Place, Sydney. quay.com.auINSIDER TIPSBest ship-spotting: Walk over the Harbour Bridge to Milsons Point (or take the train) then duck underneath the bridge for an incredible harbourfront view of what's docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal. If you're hungry, try for a table at Aqua Dining.aquadining.com.auVisit a colonial pub: Wander through The Rocks to find the Lord Nelson Brewery Hotel, established in 1841. Today, it's home to a micro-brewery that specialises in traditional English-style ales. 19 Kent St, The Rocks. lordnelsonbrewery.comMELBOURNEMELBOURNE HOTELSSheraton Melbourne : Located in what's been dubbed the Paris end of town, this is Melbourne CBD's newest five-star hotel and marks the return of the Sheraton brand after a nine-year absence. It's perfectly situated for high-end shopping, fine dining and theatre expeditions, but guests can also opt to pamper themselves in the tranquil surrounds of the day spa. Tres magnifique.sheratonmelbourne.comThe Langham, Melbourne Named the number one Top City Hotel in Australia, New Zealand and the South Pacific in Travel + Leisure's prestigious 2014 World's Best Awards, The Langham, Melbourne typifies classic luxury. Overlooking the Yarra River from its position on the buzzy Southbank Promenade, it's right on the doorstep of the National Gallery of Victoria, Federation Square and the Arts Centre, and a leisurely stroll along the river to Crown Casino.melbourne.langhamhotels.com.auBEST SOUVENIRSSporty spice: Melbourne loves the game of AFL. Embrace the look with footy merch from Market Sports at the Queen Victoria Market. 123 Victoria Street, Melbourne.marketsports.com.auINSIDER TIPSBest ship-spotting: Station Pier is located in Port Melbourne about 3km south-west of Melbourne's city centre - take a tram (Route 109) to get there. Station Pier is closed to the public when cruise ships are berthed but West Finger Pier (near the heritage crane) is a good vantage point. portofmelbourne.comBRISBANEBRISBANE HOTELSNovotel Brisbane Airport What first catches your eye about this conveniently located hotel is the striking panoramic lap pool that pokes out from the rooftop. And if you're in need of a little pre-cruise shopping spree, the DFO (Direct Factory Outlets) complex is a mere 200 metres away. novotelbrisbaneairport.com.auBEST SOUVENIRSGo all arty: Who doesn't love a good art gallery gift shop? Check out the merch in the Gallery of Modern Art's retail outlet. Stanley Place, South Bank.qagoma.qld.gov.au/BEST EATSPretty as a picture: Alchemy is all business during the day but offers a very romantic view of the Story Bridge at night. 175 Eagle Street, Brisbane.alchemyrestaurant.com.auCaffeination around-the-clock: The best thing about Death before Decaf is its name; the second-best is that it never closes. 760 Brunswick Street, New Farm.INSIDER TIPSHit the beach: Cool down by splashing around in Australia's only inner-city manmade beach. Lifeguards patrol the free beach. Streets Beach, South Bank.visitsouthbank.com.au/FIND A PHARMACYDiscount Drug Store: Duck just a few blocks north of Portside Wharf to find this pharmacy. 1/77 Racecourse Rd, Ascot.discountdrugstores.com.au/HOBARTHOBART HOTELSThe Henry Jones Art Hotel : Housed within Hobart's historic waterfront IXL jam factory, the Henry Jones seductively mixes art with history. The charms of the city, including Salamanca Place with its weekly market, and the iconic Mures seafood restaurant, are close by, and the ferry pick-up for Tasmania's most popular tourist attraction MONA (the Museum of Old and New Art) is right on the doorstep.thehenryjones.comSomerset on the Pier Almost as good as floating away on a cruise ship, the serviced apartments of Somerset on the Pier, a converted finger wharf, offer expansive views of the Derwent River, with the bonus of being within easy reach of the city centre. Seafood lovers will be in heaven here, with no shortage of piscine delights ready to be reeled from the cafes and restaurants on the ground floor.somerset.comBEST SOUVENIRSAspect Design: Showcasing the art and craft of some of Tasmania's finest artisans, this is the perfect spot to buy classy ceramics, woodwork and glassware. 79 Salamanca Place, Battery Point.BURNIEBURNIE HOTELSBeachfront Voyager Motor Inn : Directly opposite Burnie Beach, the Voyager, as it's known to locals, is the perfect jumping-off point for those who like to feel the sand between their toes. Follow the boardwalk to Maker's Workshop where you can try your hand at making paper, observe one of the skilled artisans working on-site, pick up a unique souvenir or enjoy the sweeping view of the beach from the Workshop cafe.beachfrontvoyager.com.auWellers Inn Overlooking the city centre and out to Bass Strait, this motel provides landscaped gardens and a barbecue area for guest use. Facilities include a licensed bar and restaurant. The Little Penguin Observation Centre is a short walk away - it's a night-time must-see during the bird's breeding season, which happily coincides with the summer cruising season.wellersinn.com.auBEST SOUVENIRSSingular souvenirs: Dean Walker Designs showcases the talents of Australia’s 2006 Jeweller of the Year. Ask Dean to handmake a special souvenir you’ll treasure for the rest of your life. 26 Wilmot Street, Burnie. deanwalkerdesigns.com.auMake a mark: A trip to Makers' Workshop at the western end of Burnie Beach is a one-stop souvenir shoppers paradise, featuring gorgeous woodwork, handcrafted jewellery, artisanal paper products, paintings and more. 2 Bass Highway, Burnie. discoverburnie.net/what-to-see/makers-workshopHellyers Road Distillery: Tuck into the house special of potted pie, admire the bucolic backdrop of rolling hills then take a guided tour of the fully working whisky distillery. 153 Old Surrey Road, Burnie. hellyersroaddistillery.com.auINSIDER TIPSSpot a platypus: Fern Glade Reserve, just four kilometres from the city centre, offers peaceful riverside bushwalks and the best chance you’ll get to spot a notoriously shy platypus, pictured below, at play.Have a wheely good time: Avis car rental agency is a short walk from the port. From there it’s a 75-minute drive to majestic Cradle Mountain, an hour to rustic Stanley or 30 minutes to the beautiful beachfront at Boat Harbour. 139 Wilson Street, Burnie. avis.com.auFIND A PHARMACYWilkinson's: Wilkinson’s Pharmacy, located right in the heart of town, is open seven days a week, from 9am to 9pm. 14 Wilson Street, Burnie. Phone (03) 6431 1233.DIAMOND PRINCESSTurning Japanese: Jump on board this mid-size ship in Australia or Japan. We love: the onsen-style bathhouse pictured right, the sushi restaurant, the green-tea ice-cream, the ramen noodle bar and the top-notch recent-release movie selection. princess.comACCESSORIESQUESTION:I want to cruise from Brisbane to the South Pacific at the end of 2015. I’m not the party type but do want to learn new things on board. Lyn, Qld. Lyn, P&O’s seven-night Pacific Island Hopper departing Brisbane November 28, with stops at Noumea, Lifou and Vila, might suit. Pacific Dawn's program includes workshops, cooking demos and dance classes.pocruises.com.auABOUT USCruiselandia is a collective of Australian cruising enthusiasts with expertise in travel, publishing, design and technology. We joined forces to give cruise enthusiasts and ship-spotters a website that's best viewed on your tablet or desktop.