Working with Legacy code?I used to work with a company who bought other with legacy code and develop software using traditional approach (it means waterfall).After readingI recommended to the manager of IT department to read the chapter 18.Reducing the Test Automation BacklogMany companies with existing legacy code bases bump into a huge impediment when they want to get Agile: lack of test automation!Without test automation, making changes in the system is very hard, because things break without anybody noticing. When the new release goes live, the real user discover the defects, causing embarrassment and expensive hotfix-or even worse, a chain of hotfixes, because each hotfix introduces new, unanticipated defects.This makes the team terribly afraid to change code and therefore reluctant to improve the design of the code, which leads to a downward spiral of worse and worse code as the system grows.The good news is that you can do something about it!What to do About it?Your main options in this case are as follows:Ignore the problem. Let the system decline into entropy death, and hope that nobody needs it by then.Rebuild the system from scratch using test-driven development to ensure good test coverage.Start a separate test automation project where a dedicated team improves the test coverage for the system until it’s adequate.Let the team improve test coverage a little bit each iteration.According to the author´s experience the last one works better. However, I suggested to follow the second approach. Why? Well, if you have to work with some legacy code develop in an old platform such as Visual Fox you should have to take another huge impediment into account: the lack of developers that can deal with this old platform.Legacy code is a real problem but we have to think that every code has to die eventually!!!Mario is an Agile Coach and Scrum Trainer based in Santiago (Chile), who helps organizations deliver high quality software with predictability and happiness. He offers coaching and consulting as well as both public and private classes.Mario used to work as Software Quality Assurance Lead with extensive experience in work team leadership, continuous integration architecture and automation tools developing high level solutions for companies from Technology, Billing and Financial areas.I am all about helping companies to adopt agile as methodology in Chile. I have been into Agile/Scrum coaching since 2011, played the role of Scrum Master for over 2 yrs, while practicing it over 3 years. My work involved collaboration among cross-functional teams of product management, engineering, usability and QA/testing. Read moreFrom this moment, there are many companies adopting Agile (a few of them prefer Kanban) and Scrum is the trend. However, all of them have the old IT hierarchy which is many times an impediment to follow Scrum (or Kanban as well). Why did I say that? Because… […]Nowadays, there are many companies adopt Agile and Scrum because it is the trend. However, the approach command and control appears every time that managers and team leaders want to track the progress of an iteration or (that is even worse) the team members. A funny story happened in a huge… […]Peter Moreno, an Agile coach who was born in Chile but Works in Belgium recommended me to read “Reinventing Organizations” because shows the historical development of human organizations. Frédéric Laloux (the author), in Reinventing Organizations, uses a colour scheme, based on Integral Theory, to describe the historical development of human organizations: Red > Orange > Green >… […]After coaching Agile in many companies I have got the same question about the role of Scrum Master (and Product Owner as well). Why Managers can be Scrum Masters? The answer for me is very simple, because they are bosses and think in that way. For instance, what happens… […]Agile is a real passion of mine. According to my wife, it is a hobby as well as an obsession. Unsurprisingly, having a board to deal with my personal and professional tasks is extremely important to me. I started trying out many different solutions including Redmine, Jira, Agilefant,… […]During the inception which is the first meeting in Scrum one of the thing you have (or should) to build is a Product Vision Board that Roman Pichler defines and explains perfectly in his blog so I will take the next statements from it. The Product Vision Board is a great tool to describe and… […]Reviewing the Scrum Check list written by Henrik Kniberg I found this Team has all skills needed to bring backlog items to DONE Of course could be the answer of everybody that follows Scrum. However, if you have worked with IT consultant that provides resources to different… […]Of course it is very easy to say yes, Sir to your Manager, boss or Director. However, if you are a Product Owner and work in Agile environment you must learn to say NO and other times No Now. Why? Because if you as Product Owner miss… […]Reading this book (#Workout: Games, Tools & Practices to Engage People, Improve Work, and Delight Clients (Management 3.0) I have got a good feeling about the Management. Why? Because after working and coaching many companies that uses command and control approach I found a tool (several indeed) that every… […]During the Sprint Planning the Product Owner set up the Sprint Goal and the Scrum team estimate how many user stories are able to deal with. At the end of the Sprint the things could be as the team members thought so Sprint finishes without every user story done.… […]