The American Bar AssociationCommission on Racial and Ethnic Diversity in the Profession recognized four lawyers with its 2015 Spirit of Excellence Award for their commitment to racial and ethnic diversity in the legal profession. The awards were presented during a ceremony on Feb. 7 at the ABA Midyear Meeting in Houston.The Spirit of Excellence Award celebrates the efforts and accomplishments of lawyers who work to promote a more racially and ethnically diverse legal profession. Awards are presented to lawyers who excel in their professional settings; who personify excellence on the national, state, or local level; and who have demonstrated a commitment to racial and ethnic diversity in the legal profession.“Diversity is the most valuable assets among us as inclusion of different ideas and perspectives unites and strengthens us,” said Commission Chair F. John Garza. “The Commission is privileged to present the ABA Spirit of Excellence Award to these honorees who have expanded opportunities for so many while distinguishing themselves as legal professionals who bring unique and innovative solutions for their clients, communities and the profession.”Watch award recipents' acceptance speeches:Kim J. Askewisa partner specializing in complex commercial and employment litigation with K&L Gates LLP in Dallas. Upon receiving her award, Askew thanked her mentors and encouraged the audience to help the next generation of lawyers. “I am here today…because lawyers gave me a vision of what I can be,” she said. “We must continue to be the voice and the examples that say: This must be a diverse profession.” In addition to her work at K&L Gates, Askew is a longtime leader in the American Bar Association, State Bar of Texas and Dallas Bar Association. She is a member of the ABA House of Delegates, past chair of the ABA Section of Litigation and is the first lawyer of color to serve as its chair.Robert J. Grey Jr., a partner with Hunton & Williams LLP in Richmond, Va., and former president of the American Bar Association (2004-05), also expressed the importance of preparing the next generation of diverse leaders. “You have got to give back to your community. That is what being a lawyer in this association is all about, because my story is your story,” he said. “Each one of us is in a community that expects us to make a contribution, to lift it, to make it better for our kids, to make it better for our elderly, to make it fair and balanced for anybody who chooses to come and live there.” In January 2010, Grey was named executive director of the Leadership Council on Legal Diversity, an organization created in 2009 to advance diversity in the legal profession. Grey’s practice focuses on regulatory, administrative and government-relations matters before state and local governments and their agencies. He serves as vice chair of the Hunton & Williams Community Service Committee.Jacqueline H. Nguyen is a circuit judge with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in Pasadena, Calif. She was born in Dalat, Vietnam, and moved with her family to the United States when she was 10 years old, after the fall of the South Vietnamese government in 1975. Nguyen was nominated for the Ninth Circuit by President Obama in 2011 and confirmed by the Senate in May 2012. She is the first Asian-American female to serve as a federal appellate judge. She is also the first Vietnamese-American federal judge, and the first Asian-Pacific American female federal judge in California. Upon accepting her award, Nguyen recognized the many people who helped her along her career path. “Behind every individual achievement is the collective effort of so many, so many people,” she told the audience.Kevin K. Washburn has been an assistant secretary for Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior in Washington, D.C., since October 2012. Prior to joining the administration, he was the dean of the University of New Mexico School of Law from June 2009 to October 2012. In his acceptance speech, Washburn emphasized approaching diversity concerns in an optimistic manner. “We don’t face problems. We face challenges and opportunities and that helps us remain positive,” he said. In addition to his work with the Interior Department, Washburn is an enrolled member of the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma, and is a well-known scholar of federal Indian law. He has been a member of the American Law Institute since 2007, and is a member of the state bars of Minnesota and New Mexico.