Amateur Radio NewsThe annual Armed Forces Day Crossband Communications Test set for Saturday and Sunday, May 9-10, will offer Amateur Radio operators a chance to try their hand at using more modern military communications modes, such as MIL-STD Serial PSK. Also new this year is the inclusion of a crossband Automatic Link Establishment (ALE) test. The Army, Air Force... [continue]In the wake of the devastating April 25 earthquake, hams in Nepal, already in limited supply, have been turning out to help in the ongoing recovery. The Nepalese government also is reported to be cutting some of the red tape that has prevented hams from outside the country from operating within Nepal. Several hams from India are among those who hav... [continue]This year marks 70 years of the liberation and the end of WWII for Denmark. Despite the fact that The Museum of Danish Resistance recently burned down, the callsign OZ5MAY will be on the air in memory of those who risked their lives. OZ5MAY will be active on May 4 and May 5 - in the evening after 19:30 Danish time (17:30 UTC) and seve... [continue]AWARD AND SPECIAL TROPHY “150th ANNIVERSARY OF THE ITU” This year 2015, the month of May marks the 150th anniversary of the signing of the first International Telegraph Convention and the creation of the International Telecommunication Union. To commemorate this important event, the Spanish Amateur Radio Association URE, member of the IARU, la... [continue]The Indian Institute of Hams (IIH), in association with the Department of Youth Services and Sports, Karnataka, is building a network with other amateur radio operators to reach out to people, government officials and defence personnel in the quake-hit NepalA team of amateur ham radio operators from Gujarat is on its way to Nepal to help re-establish communication links from its remotest corners to the outside world. "Initially a four-member team of ham radio operators will set up two ham radio stations in Nepal's capital Kathmandu where two relief centres have been started," said Gujarat Institute o... [continue]