#Popular in this monthRecently Published: TheInfoNG.comAmber Rose, American model who is popular for baring her curves, has landed a role in a movie titled ‘ Sister Code’. Some set photos have surfaced online, and the actress is pictured cuddling up to her co-star, Marcus Paulk, while showing off her famous curves. Plot. After the death…As they walked to face the firing squad on an Indonesian prison island, eight condemned drug traffickers defiantly sang praise to God, witnesses said, while in a town across the water a group of tearful supporters was also uniting in song. The convicts — two from Australia, one from Brazil, f…The Defence Headquarters in a statement, yesterday, confirmed the rescue operation but said it could not yet determine if some of the girls were Chibok schoolgirls abducted over a year ago from Chibok town in Borno State.Acting Director of Army Public Relations, Col S. K. Usman, in a statement said:“This is to inform you that our gallant troops have been making progress in the dFeatured Posts: TheInfoNG.comAmber Rose, American model who is popular for baring her curves, has landed a role in a movie titled ‘ Sister Code’. Some set photos have surfaced online, and the actress is pictured cuddling up to her co-star, Marcus Paulk, while showing off her famous curves. Plot. After the death…As they walked to face the firing squad on an Indonesian prison island, eight condemned drug traffickers defiantly sang praise to God, witnesses said, while in a town across the water a group of tearful supporters was also uniting in song. The convicts — two from Australia, one from Brazil, f…The Defence Headquarters in a statement, yesterday, confirmed the rescue operation but said it could not yet determine if some of the girls were Chibok schoolgirls abducted over a year ago from Chibok town in Borno State.Acting Director of Army Public Relations, Col S. K. Usman, in a statement said:“This is to inform you that our gallant troops have been making progress in the d