Miranda Lambert’s Amazing Weight Loss!Share ThisTagsHow Did Miranda Lose All This Weight?People are going crazy over how fast Miranda Lambert dropped over 30+ pounds! When she showed up at the CMT music awards jaws were dropping left and right. She looked stunning sporting an open cut chest to stomach sexy and powerful dress.But How did she do it?Miranda recently divulged that the key to her success was taking a proactive approach to her diet(watching what she ate) as well as a little known Hollywood secret that celebs have been using for years, Garcinia Cambodia. Naturally when we heard this we were intrigued. So we took a closer look at the supplement to see if it was real, or just a bunch of nothing.Garcinia Cambogia is the latest buzz in the “battle of the bulge”. With millions of people praising this so called “miracle pill” that you take as a daily supplement for weight loss, we NEEDED to see what it was all about. Ever since it was featured on The Dr. Oz Show, we had been seeing it pop up everywhere and our curiosity grew.Surprisingly, many people who struggle daily with their weight have yet to hear about it (we only learned about recently from Dr. Oz!). Those that have heard of the Garcinia Cambogia diet are confused about what it is, how to use it and if it really works.According to Dr. Lindsey (The guest host on the popular Dr. Oz show)Garcinia Cambogia works in more than one way, “The first way is it goes in and causes the body to burn glucose, or sugar, and burn fat, mainly in the liver. The second way, the most important way, is it slows the release of sugar into the blood stream. So when you don’t have sugar building up in the blood stream, you don’t have fat building up because sugar turns to fat if its not used by the body. When the two are combined together, you get this synergistic effect that basically burns, blocks and stops fat. As an added bonus, and a must for any product shown on the Dr. Oz show, its 100% natural, no side effects and completely safe to use no matter what medical condition a person may have. It’s even safe for people with heart problems because there are no stimulants whatsoever.”-Dr. Lindsey DuncanMiranda Lambert Weight Loss Secret Revealed!Well, we here at BuzzerNews were a little skeptical of this Garcinia Cambogia. Even after pouring though mountains of research, we still wondered. While I had an educated opinion, I still had no personal proof that the Garcinia Cambogia option was worth the time. It helped that Miranda claimed she used the product as well. So, with my editors blessing, I decided to go out and put the product to the test myself. What better way to find out the truth than to conduct my own study?So, I volunteered to be the guinea pig. I applied online for a bottle of Natural Garcinia Cambogia. I picked Natural Garcinia Cambogia is because it is the most concentrated and purest Garcinia Cambogia on the market. This would give me the most accurate results for my test. Also, at the time they were running a free trial offer so I didn’t even need to buy a bottle! That was another good reason to try this manufacturer!My ResultsWeek OneAfter one week on the diet using Garcinia Cambogia I was surprised at the dramatic results. My energy level was up, and I found myself not getting hungry as often as I used to, an apparent side effect of the Garcinia Cambogia extract which curbs the appetite.I honestly felt fantastic.And I didn’t even change anything about my daily routine. On day 7 I got on the scale and couldn’t believe my eyes. I had lost 9 lbs. But I still wasn’t convinced as they say you lose a lot of water at the beginning of any diet. I wanted to wait and see the results in the upcoming weeks. But it sure was looking up! I now weighed under 150 lbs for the first time in years!Week TwoAfter two weeks of using Garcinia Cambogia, I started the week off with even more energy and was actually sleeping more soundly than before. I was no longer waking up during the night and tossing and turning because my body was actually able to relax (this is a result of getting rid of the toxins I think). At the end of week 2, I managed to lose another 7 lbs, putting me at an unbelievable 16 lbs of weight loss, in just 2 weeks.At this point, I started to believe that this supplement is more than just a gimmick.Week ThreeAfter 3 weeks all my doubts and skepticism had absolutely vanished! I was down 2 full dress sizes after losing another 6 lbs. I had a ton of energy. Quite often, around the third week of a new diet you tend to run out of steam. But with the Garcinia Cambogia, my energy levels didn’t dip, they continued to remain steady throughout the day. I no longer wanted that cat nap around 3pm in the afternoon! I even noticed that my stomach was digesting food much better. No bloating or embarrassing gas after I ate!Week FourAfter the fourth week, my results were shocking. I lost an unbelievable 27 lbs since starting the Garcinia Cambogia diet! Everyone here was kicking themselves for not having volunteered to be the guinea pig. Using the Garcinia Cambogia in week 4, I lost 5 more lbs. To be honest, at this point I really didn’t have much more weight that I wanted to lose (or so I thought). However, after week 4 I continued taking the Garcinia Cambogia as a morning vitamin because it has so many antioxidants and vitamins that it made my skin look unbelievable!I couldn’t be any happier with the results.I Lost27 lbs in 4 Weeks, No Special Diet, No Intense ExerciseAlthough I was happy with my size after week 4, (still a little curvy, my husband liked it that way :P). I started to get rid of some things in my diet like sodas and sugary foods. Cutting back on junk food and taking just 1 Garcinia Cambogia in the mornings changed my metabolism into a fat shredding monster! After 9 weeks I was down 54 lbs! I was back to what I weighed before I had my first child. I was so incredibly happy. Men started to approach me in public again and I had the energy of a 16 year old, but when it was time for bed I slept like a baby!Conclusion: Like us, you might be a little doubtful about the effects of this Garcinia Cambogia, but you need to try it for yourself; the results are real. After conducting our own personal study we are pleased to see that other people are finding their own success with this amazing supplement. You have nothing to lose, right now (at least when this article was written) they are still offering a FREE TRIAL!!!! Unfortunately, the free trials are only available while supplies last, so hurry! To get your free bottle, follow the link I have provided below and know that you are getting a quality product that works; no strings attached!