CINCINNATI -- The Reds and All-Star third baseman Todd Frazier avoided arbitration on Sunday by agreeing to a two-year, $12 million contract.Frazier, who was arbitration-eligible for the first time this offseason, will earn $4.5 million in 2015 and $7.5 million in '16, and he will have one year of arbitration eligibility remaining at the end of the deal."We went back and forth with all of the options. My agent thought this was the best one," said Frazier, who is represented by CAA Sports and agent Brodie Van Wagenen.Frazier turns 29 on Thursday, which was also the day his arbitration hearing was scheduled. There was some anxiety building over the unresolved status."A little bit, to be honest. It was coming up quick," Frazier said. "You want there to be stability. I've had a good offseason with my workouts but it was in the back of my mind that I was not signed yet."Todd Frazier Serves PizzaTodd Frazier gives back to the fansTodd Frazier serves pizza to Reds fans on Off the BatFrazier batted .273/.336/.459 with a team-leading 29 home runs and 80 RBIs in 157 games last season and became a first-time All-Star. He was worth 5.3 wins above replacement, according to baseball-reference.com.Since his big league debut in 2011, Frazier is a .258/.325/.451 hitter for his career with 73 homers and 235 RBIs.While happy with his deal, Frazier did not get as many years in his contract as the four-year, $28 million contract Reds catcher Devin Mesoraco signed on Jan. 26 to avoid arbitration. When he filed for arbitration last month, Frazier was seeking $5.7 million, while the club's counter offer was $3.9 million.A third baseman with very close statistics by comparison, Kyle Seager of the Mariners, signed a seven-year, $100 million contract in early December. Frazier indicated that a longer deal with the Reds could be possible one day."I think both sides are pretty happy about it," Frazier said. "You never know what might happen down the road."I think everybody wants a long-term deal and stability. Right now, we thought this was the best option for us."