// Exclusives //Music video director and documentarian Kevin Kerslake is a fascinating man to talk to. His breadth of knowledge across the industry and fiercely independent mindset, despite working with some of the biggest rock acts of the 1990s, has positioned him ...// Lists //The unfortunate riots in Baltimore have led to a bizarre situation at Camden Yards in Baltimore, where the hometown Orioles have been playing the Chicago White Sox in an empty stadium due to the situation outside. It's clearly had an impact on some ...// Most Shared //Mixed feelings at Music Times as Universal has indicated that it's planning another sequel for the Fast and Furious franchise, despite the death of star Paul Walker. Vin Diesel, Walker's friend and costar throughout the franchise, discussed the ...Love & Hip Hop Atlanta might be one of those shows that not everyone admits to watching, but make no mistake, people are tuning in- in droves. The latest season premiered last Monday and the ratings were absolutely insane, with more than 6 million ...Modern Germany has been known for its affinity for techno. As the wall was coming down and communism receded from Eastern Europe, Berliners were united after 24 years of separation and techno helped spur this along. Now the country is getting its own ...If this is what The Voice top 10 has to offer, well, it's going to be easy to trim it down this week (or so it should be). The theme of the night wasn't superstar producers but inconsistency(though guest mentor appearances from Mark Ronson, Dave ...There's no denying that Adam Lambert's new single "Ghost Town" is a haunting club banger, but in the American Idol alum's Hype Williams assisted music video, that thesis is made loud and clear. Ahead of his new album The Original High, today (April ...There's no denying that Adam Lambert's new single "Ghost Town" is a haunting club banger, but in the American Idol alum's Hype Williams assisted music video, that thesis is made loud and clear. Ahead of his new album The Original High, today (April ...The Fast and the Furious franchise cannot be stopped, and seemingly neither can Wiz Khalifa's new song "See You Again." For the third week in a row, the soundtrack single has topped the Billboard Hot 100, ahead of hits from Mark Ronson, The Weeknd ...5 Live Albums Recorded to No Audience: Pink Floyd, Bjork and More Feel for Baltimore OriolesBrandon Flowers on The Killers: Band Needs Drive, Brotherhood for New Album'A Coffin in Egypt' received its Chicago premiere Saturday night at the Harris Theater, with mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade in the starring role. The new opera by Ricky Ian Gordon is enlivened by von Stade’s emotionally moving portrayal of a ...75 Years of Al Pacino: The 'Scarface' Actor and Music, from Madonna to Hip-Hop CultureClassicalite Q&A with R.B. SchlatherThe Fast and the Furious franchise cannot be stopped, and seemingly neither can Wiz Khalifa's new song "See You Again." For the third week in a row, the soundtrack single has topped the Billboard Hot 100, ahead of hits from Mark Ronson, The Weeknd ...Snoop Dogg Unveils Pharrell-Assisted 'Bush' TracklistJason Derulo's new album Everything Is 4 is only a little over a month away, but the Walk Dirty follow-up has finally gotten its tracklist. Today (April 29), the "Want to Want Me" singer announced the 11 new songs that will appear on his latest ...T-Pain Documentary: 'Bigger Than Pain' Released Today [WATCH]Alabama Shakes and 'Sound & Color' brought an air of independence to the Billboard 200 this week, as the album became the first independent label (ATO) release to top the charts during 2015. It was easily the band's bestselling week ever, moving ...Miranda Lambert 'Two of a Crime' Review: New Song from 'Hot Pursuit' Soundtrack Gets Latin FlavorMixtape Monday: This Week's Newest Tracks For SharingEach and every week we put together our favorite tracks that had premiered a few days prior into one magnificent mixtape to share with you and your friends. This time around we've decided to share new songs from Britney Spears, Mumford & Sons, Father ...75 Years of Al Pacino: The 'Scarface' Actor and Music, from Madonna to Hip-Hop CultureMumford & Sons Hates Its Name But Don't Plan on A Change; Discuss Cell Phone Ban at ConcertsAlabama Shakes and 'Sound & Color' brought an air of independence to the Billboard 200 this week, as the album became the first independent label (ATO) release to top the charts during 2015. It was easily the band's bestselling week ever, moving ...The Latino Audience and 'Furious 7': Did Romeo Santos Inspire Fans to See Record-Breaking Film?Lopez to Deliver Musical Tribute on What Would've Been the Singers 44th BirthdayNashville didn't become known as "Music City" for no good reason: Apart from its role in the history of country, bluegrass and rock 'n' roll, the city hosts a number of iconic venues for traveling performers and tourists to swing by when in town. ...// Shuffle //Justin Bieber is taking his modeling to the next level. Earlier today, the Calvin Klein model and pop star took to Instagram to tease what appears to be a cameo in Zoolander 2. He posted a black-and-white photo of him and Ben Stiller (a.k.a. Derek ...Kendrick Lamar released his second major label effort, To Pimp A Butterfly, last month and has since dropped the video for the song "King Kunta." The Compton rapper has given a number of interviews about the project, but there are still many ...