Detached Holiday Cottage in Mid Wales with Woodburner & WifiSet in an elevated position, this private, detached holiday cottage in Mid Wales enjoys beautiful panoramic views of the surrounding countryside. Its central location provides a great base to explore Mid and North Wales. With a welcoming wood burner and scenic patio seating it is also a great place to relax and do absolutely nothing. Café, village shop and pub within 1 mile.Ground FloorThe kitchen / dinning area is a light and airy open plan room. Kitchen includes a small breakfast bar, electric double oven, gas hob, microwave and fridge. Dining table for 5 in front of scenic patio doors. These beautiful views over farm land towards rolling hills can also be enjoyed through the kitchen window.Cosy lounge includes seating for 5 in front of a welcoming wood burning stove, TV and DVD player. Double patio doors with side lights giving access to the front garden. Distant views of hills from patio doors.Bedroom 2 – Twin bedroom with wardrobe, bedside table with lamp and distant views of hills to the rear.Bedroom 3 – Spacious single bedroom with wardrobe, chest of drawers, chair and the same beautiful view as bedroom 1.Bathroom includes a bath and a separate shower with handrails, wash hand basin, W.C. and electric heater.GardenTwo private patios with wonderful countryside views – one at the front (with a covered bench and kissing seat) and one at the rear. Front patio leads to a private garden with a garden bench to enjoy the panoramic views.Additional InformationBed linen, hand and bath towels provided.Central heating and electricity included.Complimentary basket of logs for the wood burner. £4 per basket if more is requestedThis detached holiday cottage in Mid Wales enjoys a private, elevated position with fine panoramic views of open fields and rolling hills. Located up a single country lane above the small, tranquil and sheltered hamlet of Tafolwern. Its peaceful setting also offers a great, central base for exploring Mid and North Wales.Just 1 mile from the village of Llanbrynmair with its small village shop, pub, playground and Machinations visitor centre. This unique attraction is the only permanent exhibition of contemporary Automata (mechanical moving models) in the UK and it also has a cafe, playbarn, rabbit village, gift and toy shop.The cottage is central to the market towns of Machynlleth (11 miles), Llanidloes (15 miles) and Newtown (18 miles). Machynlleth and Llanidloes offer many unique and independent shops, good country markets, cafes etc whilst the slightly bigger town of Newtown also has a cinema. The Cardigan Bay coast and the beautiful beaches at Borth and Aberdyfi are also well worth a visit (21 miles).Some of the “must do’s” during your stay at this cottage include a visit to the Centre for Alternative Technology, King Arthur's Labyrinth, The Osprey Project and Ynys Hir Nature Reserve. The Forest Experience Rally School in Carno will get the adrenalin going whilst Snowdonia National Park is just 12 miles away. There are also many highly recommended restaurants in the area, including Wynnstay and Number 21 Bistro in Machynlleth, Glanyrafon in Pennal and Ynys Hir Hall in Eglwys Fach.WalkingGlyndwr's Way is a long distance footpath in Mid Wales that was granted National Trail status in the year 2000. 0.7 milesThe Wales Coast Path can be accessed close to Machynlleth. 11 milesIf you’re tempted to take on the Snowdonia mountains, Aran Fawddwy (from Cwm Cywarch - 15 miles) and Cader Idris (from Dolgellau, 23 miles) are the two nearest peaks.FishingRiver Twymyn: £10 a day. Permits available in Llanbrynmair (01650 521385). 0.1 mile