Explore With Ivy StarshyneEmail me at IvyStarshyne@Gmail.Com for a custom clip ($5-10 per minute)Loading Featured Clips..Ordering InstructionsFile FormatRefund PolicyTo order Clips simply click the ADD TO CART button on each clip you want to purchase. Once you have selected all the clips into your cart click the BUY NOW button on the cart to take you to the checkout page. If you are only purchasing 1 clip from this studio you can do a quick purchase by simply clicking he BUY NOW button to the left of the clip image and you will be taken directly to the checkout page.Clips will be sent in their orignal format. This could vary from store to store. Most popular formats are...MPG, WMV, RM, MOV, AVI, MP4, and even ZIP. After downloading the file simply open it with the appropriate player and enjoy the clip. We provide you with a list of players as well as zip utilities in the download area.You're one of THOSE people, aren't you? Ha. You talk it up like you'll eat your own cum, and then you FAIL to do so. I've seen it a ton of times. Seriously, guys want to be told to do it, they want to be given descriptive encouragement and details on how it tastes... but there's no follow-through. They are basically living in this fantasy.Other fetishes, it totally makes sense if you can't completely follow through with your intentions. It's hot to watch a girl be fucked by someone else in a cuckolding scenario, and the viewer pretends to be the husband or boyfriend. If the viewer doesn't have the people accessible to go through with it in real life, fine. With CEI, you have your cock right there, and you have the cum in your hands... WHAT'S STOPPING YOU?Come on. Prove to me that you aren't a little cum-eating faker in some fantasy, and gobble up that jizz like a big boy.Hello, it was so great of you to come in. I've been reading through your paperwork, also the information my receptionist gave me previously when you called to schedule a meeting with me. Interesting, huh? I mean, I've never really met someone who had such a, uh... something like this... a fetish, is it? Interesting, indeed.You really should feel comfortable opening up about it. I did some research, and it seems like so many people are into this as a fantasy. There's still some backpeddling when it comes to following through with it. Are you like that? Do you not "follow through" with this fetish? It would be best if you show me, I think, so I can fully understand and believe you truly have this "thing" you want to deal with.Go ahead, don't be shy. Pull it out and I'll give you some encouragement by spreading my legs for you... Let me see how serious this is for you.You're one of THOSE people, aren't you? Ha. You talk it up like you'll eat your own cum, and then you FAIL to do so. I've seen it a ton of times. Seriously, guys want to be told to do it, they want to be given descriptive encouragement and details on how it tastes... but there's no follow-through. They are basically living in this fantasy.Other fetishes, it totally makes sense if you can't completely follow through with your intentions. It's hot to watch a girl be fucked by someone else in a cuckolding scenario, and the viewer pretends to be the husband or boyfriend. If the viewer doesn't have the people accessible to go through with it in real life, fine. With CEI, you have your cock right there, and you have the cum in your hands... WHAT'S STOPPING YOU?Come on. Prove to me that you aren't a little cum-eating faker in some fantasy, and gobble up that jizz like a big boy.Hello, it was so great of you to come in. I've been reading through your paperwork, also the information my receptionist gave me previously when you called to schedule a meeting with me. Interesting, huh? I mean, I've never really met someone who had such a, uh... something like this... a fetish, is it? Interesting, indeed.You really should feel comfortable opening up about it. I did some research, and it seems like so many people are into this as a fantasy. There's still some backpeddling when it comes to following through with it. Are you like that? Do you not "follow through" with this fetish? It would be best if you show me, I think, so I can fully understand and believe you truly have this "thing" you want to deal with.Go ahead, don't be shy. Pull it out and I'll give you some encouragement by spreading my legs for you... Let me see how serious this is for you.Listen, I get why you're in my room. You have a thing for your sister, hmmm. You like watching me sit here in my skimpy clothes, stretch my legs out, casually cross them over and flash... You WANT me, you want your sister. The dilemma, of course, is that you CAN'T have me. Well, not in the traditional sense.Sissy wants you inside... so... bad... I want to have you in me, somehow... We couldn't risk getting caught in that way though, or having me get pregnant or something like that. I want you, brother, so much. I want what you want. The only way I can have you inside me though, totally inside me, is if I swallow you up.Jerk off that bulge in your pants for me. Watch me play with myself, thinking about you... getting all hot... over you... And just when you're about to pop, bring it right here... I want to feel you, my brothers hot cum dripping down my throat.Baby, what are these? I mean, I get it... but what are they doing here? A glass dildo... a... butt plug?... some lube... Okay, so... I'm not so sure about this really. We've done anal, kind of. We have a great sex life as it is with you just ramming your cock in my pussy. Why all this extra stuff?Oh, you think we should try double penetration? You want me to prep for it... I see... I don't know really. Hey, I'll give it a go, but don't expect fireworks here... Then again...You've seen a lot of my videos, haven't you? You love to see me, and you know me so well now, don't you? I bet you know every inch of my body. I'm going to get this pair of panties wet for you, and then you'll know me completely... when you get them and they're all for you. Soaked already... just thinking about what you'll do with them...Of course, there are things you have to do in order to get them. I want you to pull out that throbbing cock and jerk off to me. Watch my open pussy, worship every bit of me, think about all the things you'd do to me... When you're ready, fill that hand up and do as you're told. That's the only way you'll get these panties.Listen, I get why you're in my room. You have a thing for your sister, hmmm. You like watching me sit here in my skimpy clothes, stretch my legs out, casually cross them over and flash... You WANT me, you want your sister. The dilemma, of course, is that you CAN'T have me. Well, not in the traditional sense.Sissy wants you inside... so... bad... I want to have you in me, somehow... We couldn't risk getting caught in that way though, or having me get pregnant or something like that. I want you, brother, so much. I want what you want. The only way I can have you inside me though, totally inside me, is if I swallow you up.Jerk off that bulge in your pants for me. Watch me play with myself, thinking about you... getting all hot... over you... And just when you're about to pop, bring it right here... I want to feel you, my brothers hot cum dripping down my throat.Baby, what are these? I mean, I get it... but what are they doing here? A glass dildo... a... butt plug?... some lube... Okay, so... I'm not so sure about this really. We've done anal, kind of. We have a great sex life as it is with you just ramming your cock in my pussy. Why all this extra stuff?Oh, you think we should try double penetration? You want me to prep for it... I see... I don't know really. Hey, I'll give it a go, but don't expect fireworks here... Then again...You've seen a lot of my videos, haven't you? You love to see me, and you know me so well now, don't you? I bet you know every inch of my body. I'm going to get this pair of panties wet for you, and then you'll know me completely... when you get them and they're all for you. Soaked already... just thinking about what you'll do with them...Of course, there are things you have to do in order to get them. I want you to pull out that throbbing cock and jerk off to me. Watch my open pussy, worship every bit of me, think about all the things you'd do to me... When you're ready, fill that hand up and do as you're told. That's the only way you'll get these panties.