EROTIC MUSINGS, For the Naughty Streak in all of us.Friday, December 19, 2014Recently I wrote a book in which lap dances played a prominent part, called, Playtime with Sera. Not just girl on guy lap dances but girl on girl lap dances. Yes, I said girl on girl and it’s not only girl on homosexual girl but often girl on heterosexual girl lap dances.Writing the, for lack of better wording, lap dance sex scenes, I realized they can be very sexual. These girl on girl lap dances didn’t just pop into my head out of thin air. I researched the subject. The preponderance of the subject came from two sources, an article called The Science of Lap Dances and Ladies Sexing Ladies, the later being a very long and comprehensive study.For those not familiar with lap dancing, let me explain. Like pole dancing and striping, many ladies have perfected lap dances to an art-form. While pole dancing is generally graceful and gymnastic and strip teases are sexy, lap dances are easily the most erotic—and lucrative. A lap dance scene in the movie Showgirl comes to mind for those who would like to view one, however my lap dances were much sexier, if I do say so.The mechanics of lap dancing: A lap dance can be simple or complex, clothed or unclothed, touching or no touching, depending on the girl and the club. In a topless club, that is the way a girl is likely to perform and in an all-nude club…I’ll let you figure it out.The ladies make a good portion of their money from lap dances, including tips, so most lap dances include touching—mostly one way, the girl touching the male or sometimes female customer.Obviously, the girls themselves need to be moderately attractive and have good bodies. Those that don’t meet this threshold filter out of the business often with a damaged ego.That’s the background for all lap dances. Here’s what I learned about girl on girl lap dances. Reading between the lines it seems that around a third of the dancers are willing to perform a lap dance with another woman.Apparently, many women customers are lesbian, but more than you think are straight and a few are bi-sexual. Straight lady customers can come from all sources, girls partying, girls night out, a boyfriend urging her or just plain curiosity. I wrote a blog a while back about bi-curiosity called Are You Bi-Curious? and another about older women called Over Forty and Over Men. Either of those could fall in this group.An interesting item I found about girl on girl lap dances is that some dancers will allow more touching and go further with a woman than a man. Part of that is club policy and some, I believe, is the dancers find women to be less threatening.I could go on and on but that’s the main points. If you’d like to read more, link onto the articles I mentioned.How, about you readers? Have any of you had a lap dance? I read a story once where every so often a woman would go to a strip club, get a lap dance from a sexy naked or almost naked lady and go home so turned on, she makes love to her husband for hours. Does that sound possible?Given the opportunity would any of you have a lap dance? How about giving a lap dance? Have any of you given a lap dance in a club or to your significant other? Tell me what you think. I’d really like to know.Keeping in the spirit of girls giving sexy lap dances to ladies, I plan to write a sexy girl on girl lap dance story, simply called Lap Dance. I haven't written anything on it yet but I have made a very sexy (at least I think it's sexy) cover.Sorry folks, I have a lot in the queue ahead of Lap Dance but this cover keeps drawing my attention. Look for me to pub Lap Dance in a year or so.Saturday, November 1, 2014Today I’m going to blog about my sensational ongoing series, The Televangelist of which the Bastard Preacher is the first book. More accurately I’m going to write about what prompted me to write the book.The Bastard Preacher and current sequels, The Ruthless Preacher and The Wicked Preacher sre about a handsome, charismatic, but ruthless young man, named Jamie Lee Vincent. Jamie Lee attends a tent revival in his medium sized Texas Town and receives an epiphany. Unfortunately, his revelation, instead of being about God is about easy money and sex. Before I start, let me say that my book is fiction. It is not based on any facts other than history has revealed certain famous television preachers to be less than they pretend to be. Or would it more correct to say they turn out to be more than they pretend to be. From Tony Alamo to Jimmy Swaggart, the list of disgraced preachers is long and disappointing. Some like Jimmy Bakker have even gone to jail. Others like Ted Haggard, are being kept under lock and key, while they undergo re-programming to remove homosexual tendencies. Is it any wonder why I am dubious about the sincerity of certain high profile television preachers and skeptical about televangelism in general? Things I’ve Noticed From luxurious lifestyles to self-promoting, I’ve noticed things about some television ministers through the years that turned me off about religion. Some so called men and women of God live so lavishly that Congress even initiated an investigation into the extravagant lifestyles of six Mega Church leaders in 2007. Whatever happened to the humble servant of God? Family Values Some of these high profile couples, who basically tell us how we should like our lives, can’t even keep their home life out of the papers. High profile religious couple Paula and Randy White of the Without Walls International Church, who were one of the above mentioned six, divorced a couple of years ago. And Prophetess Juanita Bynum declared herself the ‘face of domestic violence’ just before her high profile divorce from Pastor Thomas Weeks III.God’s Love Many of these purveyors of God’s love have trouble telling the difference between love and hate themselves. In my book, I used a quote from a famous television pastor as an epigraph at the beginning of each chapter. I will let some of these quotes make my point.I believe that all of us are born heterosexual, physically created with a plumbing that’s heterosexual. Rev. Jerry FalwellYou say you’re supposed to be nice to the Episcopalians and the Presbyterians and the Methodists and this, that, and the other thing. Nonsense. I don’t have to be nice to the spirit of the Antichrist. Rev. Pat Robertson AIDS is not just God’s punishment for homosexuals; it is God’s punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals. Rev. Jerry FalwellIf I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell. Jimmy SwaggartI really believe that the pagans, and the abortionists, and the feminists, and the gays and the lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle, the ACLU, People for the American Way — all of them who have tried to secularize America — I point the finger in their face and say, ‘You helped this (911) happen. Rev. Jerry FalwellWe have imagined ourselves invulnerable and have been consumed by the pursuit of…health, wealth, material pleasures and sexuality… It [terrorism] is happening because God Almighty is lifting his protection from us. Rev. Pat RobertsonI know me, and those close to me know me. But sadly, the outside world thinks I’m some kind of a crook. Rev. Benny HinnFeminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians. Rev. Pat Robertson If I have stepped on anyone’s toes, I apologize. My intent was to talk and write, not about religion itself, but those people of religion, who use it as a tool to obtain wealth and power. People who set themselves up as role models, as pillars of society and give us hypocrisy. Whether you agree or disagree, I’d like to hear your thoughts. And now a few words about The Bastard Preacher and an excerpt. I think this book is like nothing you’ve ever read.Some people do the right things but for the wrong reasons. The Bastard Preacher is such a person. Smooth, handsome, and self serving, Jamie Lee Vincent decides there’s easy money in religion after attending a big tent revival in his home town of Tyler, Texas. Catching the interest of Reverend Sonny Riverton’s youngest daughter, the lovely and vivacious Missy, he charms his way into her bed and in short order the Riverton clan. Utilizing his charm and natural-born talent for chicanery, Jamie Lee takes over the ministry, and when his popularity soars finds himself among the most revered of television preachers. However, the wealth, fame, sex and power he now enjoys isn’t enough-nothing is ever enough!EXCERPT“Well, what’dya think?” Jamie Lee came up behind her, put his free arm around her waist, and snuggled his head against her neck. “About what?” he whispered. “Good golly, didn’t God give you eyes? Mmmm, you’re getting fresh, but it feels good.” Jamie Lee looked around the corner. There sat a huge motor home, with Missy written on the side in large silver letters on a pink background. “Wow, that’s where you live?” “Ah huh. But only when we tour.” She turned around and faced Jamie Lee. “Now, I can tell from the look in your eyes that you think you’re going to make love to me. I suppose a hunk like you is used to getting his way, but we need to get things straight between us and I don’t mean your penis. I can tell you are bad for me, but I can’t resist those sad brown eyes and that sideways smile. I still have a boyfriend, so we are not…I repeat, not going to make love. You got that straight?” “I guess, but what are we going to do?” “Well for starters I’m gonna save your ass and I’ll wager your tight little buns need a lot of saving. Am I right?” Jamie Lee felt a flush of warmth course through him, but didn’t answer. Missy unlocked the front door and stepped into the mammoth vehicle. Jamie Lee followed. “Wow! This is something else. What kind of motor home is it?” “It’s called a Zephyr. Its forty feet long and costs more than the average house.” “Man, this is luxurious. Do you drive it?” “Heavens, no. Daddy has someone drive it for me.” Missy took Jamie Lee’s hand again and dragged him to a built-in sofa. She sat down and pulled him down next to her. She tucked one leg under the other in such a way that she almost faced him. He looked at her. “I’d like to be your driver.” She twined her fingers on Jamie Lee’s shoulder. “Would you now?” “You bet, and when I’m not driving I could help set up. Do you think your daddy would hire me?” Missy leaned in closer. “He might, if I batted my lashes at him.” She closed her eyes, while moving her lips toward his. She sighed when their lips touched. She parted her lips slightly, inviting his tongue to join hers. He could feel her hands tensing on his shoulder when he slid his tongue through the small opening between her teeth and touched hers. Slowly, she pulled away. “Mmm, that was nice. I’d better get you saved before you have another sin to excise. I have a feeling you’re a real bad boy, aren’t you?” Jamie Lee laughed. “I never thought so. I just like to have fun and feel good.” He put his hand on her breast. “I’ll bet you could make me feel real good.” She grabbed the offending hand and held it. “And I know you could make me feel good too, but alas, it’s not going to happen…tonight.” Jamie Lee’s head tilted to the side and he looked at her expectantly. “Tomorrow?” She lifted his hand to her lips and kissed it. “As much as I’d like too, I’m afraid not.” He frowned. “When?” She sighed. “Hon, I want you too. Really I do. I can almost feel your hardness inside me, but first I need a commitment and then I have the boyfriend to dispose of. He’s not someone to take lightly.” A pinch of anger assaulted him. “Who is he?” “Sweetie, you don’t need to know that. Now, let’s get those clothes off so I can save you.” Jamie Lee’s brows furrowed as he imparted a sideways gaze. “Take my clothes off? What’re you talking about?” She giggled. “I’m going to wash away your sins in holy water. Just like a baptism. And I might add, I’m looking forward to it.” “But all the others just stuck their hands in a pail of water.” “That’s because we’re on the road. Back home in Dallas we would have immersed them all in water. Course, unlike you, they’d have the option of wearing a bathing suit.” She stood and with two hands pulled him to his feet. “Let’s get you started.” She led him to the good-sized bedroom in the back of the bus. “Take all your clothes off.” She opened the door to the bathroom. “Then get in that tub. I’m going to make arrangements for some holy water to be brought here.” Standing legs apart, she bent her elbows and rested her fists akimbo on her hips. “Well.” “Well, what?” She hitched her pretty chin at him. “Get started, baby.” After flashing what was supposed to be a look of disgust, a smile replaced it. He unbuttoned and removed his shirt. “Always figured I’d make a good stripper.” Mmm. You would make a good stripper. “Love those ripples in your tummy.” “You gonna stay for the whole show?” “No, Babe.” She stood on her toes and kissed his cheek. “I’ll see the whole show when I get back.” ___________________________________________________________________________________________________ If you visit my website www.deedawning.com sign the guest book for future prizes and freebies.Sunday, January 12, 2014I have a special treat for everyone today. The main characters from Dee Dawning's latest novel, EEK! I'm a Woman—Ginger Allen and Brad Fairchild—are hanging out with me today and they've agreed to an interview.For those not familiar with EEK! Here's the Blurb. A Story and Adult Excerpts follow the interview.BlurbWhat would you do if you woke up as someone else?Waking after a wild celebratory night of with Ginger, a dazzling courtesan, Brad needs to pee bad. Taking his usual position in front of the water closet he reaches for his male ego but can't locate it.What the H…? He pads to the vanity, flips on the light and stares in the mirror where he is rewarded with the reflection of…Ginger, the girl he spent the night with. What the F… is going on!Just in case you didn't know, a newbie angel switched Ginger and Brad's bodies while they slept just as Brad was about to get a promotion from the big boss the next day. So this should be one of the most interesting character interviews ever. So let's begin the interview.Dee: "So Ginger, Brad, who wants to go first?"Brad: "You pick, Dee,"Dee: "Okay Brad, you asked for it." (snicker, snicker) "After being Ginger your whole life, what was it like waking up inBrad's body?"Brad: He chuckled. "As you might imagine initially we both flipped out, but after we got over the freakiness and shock of our new bodies, we became curious."Dee: "Curious about what?"Brad: We were curious about what it was like being the opposite sex, i.e. was it really opposite?Ginger: "True, but Brad was more curious than me. He had a new toy called a penis and couldn't wait to play with it and try it out." Brad: "Yeah, it was great. I peed standing up and then I blackmailed Ginger into giving me a blow job."Dee: "Blackmailed?"Ginger: "Blackmail's probably too strong a term. Since I was now Ginger, I needed Brad to play me at work, so I agreed."Dee: laughed. "So how was it?"Brad: flashed a huge grin. "Fansuckingtastic!" He laughed. Dee: blushed. "Well, we better be moving along. Ginger, I'd like to hear more about the differences."Ginger:Really except for size and sex organs it wasn't really that much different. The difference was in societal demands"Dee: Brad?" Brad: I agree with Ginger. The big differences were in dress, code of conduct and other limitations society sets on us.Dee: That makes sense. According to the book, you eventually discovered how you changed places."Ginger: "Ah-huh, believe it or not, a couple of angels, Madame Suriano and Suzie Carpenter switched us."Brad: "It was really Suzi, Madame wasn't there. When Madame left Suzi in charge while she went to check on some one else. Suzi though we were serious about thinking it would be neat being the other person."Ginger: "That was the strangest experience. I thought we were going to die, They directed us to their office which I swear was in the sky, maybe a cloud and when they were finished--" Dee: "Shhh! You don't want to give away too much of the book. Tell me did you think it would be nice being the other person?"Ginger: "I did think it would be cool being Ginger and still do."Brad: "And I loved the idea of being a mid-level investment banker. That's what I went to college for." Dee: "I know. If I remember right, you had an opportunity to switch back. Did you consider it?" Brad: "Hell yes. But in the end we decided we liked the new us and us as a couple."Dee: "Tell us about your best friends, Amber and Lew."Ginger: She lolled her head back and laughed. "If ever there was such a thing as love at first site, it was them."Brad: He nodded. "Absolutely, their eyes just lit up when they first saw each other in Libation Station."Ginger: "Unlike us. We had to learn to love our former selves." Dee: "Was that hard?"Brad: "Surprisingly, no."Ginger: "I agree. It was like we were made for each other. The fact is, I was crazy about Ginger the moment I saw her, so I love being her and we love each other too."Dee: "Yes, I could tell they were enamored right from the start. I loved all the characters in your story except for your boss. Ginger, tell us about, Milton Grimes."Ginger: "Oh my God! I could go on and on about him. I never knew how evil he was until I met him as a woman. He tried to turn me into the corporate whore with the offer of big bucks and a cushy job. When I turned him down, he and that lacky Chief of Security of his, tried to rape me and God knows what else. Thank God for our angels and Brad. Then he kidnapped—"Dee: "Well, it seems your lives have certainly gotten more exciting since you met and switched bodies."Ginger: laughed."It certainly has. Every day was and still is a new adventure."Dee: "So would you both say EEK! I'm Woman is a Romance story?"Ginger: "Yes, but it's so much more. There's paranormal, there's suspense, there's even action parts and thriller parts." Brad: "Yep, not counting that it's humorous and sexy as hell. There's a lot more to EEK! than paranormal romance--switching bodies."Dee: I have to agree. I thought it was a hot, fun, exciting page turner. Is there anything either of you would like to add for our readers, before we go?"Brad: "Just thank you for having us and that as a former woman, if an angel offers you a penis, don't think twice. Grab it and--"Ginger: "Bradley Davis Fairchild. You should be ashamed of yourself. A penis isn't everything. Besides the penis you have used to belong to me and you don't see me mooning over losing it. Being a woman can be exhilarating and fun. I'm having a ball."Dee: Laughing. "And there you have it. EEK! I'm a Woman, check it out, it's like nothing you've ever read."Sampling of Clever Lines·Can you imagine what it must be like to look like that? To be that desired. If I was a woman and looked like that, I'm afraid I would be a real slut." Brad·"You're not in the service anymore Carpenter. Angels do not salute each other." Madame Suriano·"This is so bizarre. Look, can you believe it? I have a cock." Brad/Ginger·"I know—my cock, and I have a pussy—your pussy." Ginger/Brad·"This is so cool. They ought to invent an extension for women so they could go standing up." Brad/Ginger·"Yeah, right. I can just see them patenting a universal urinator for women." Brad/GingerThe sun barely peeked through the blackout drapes when I woke. I sat up. Ginger had been right. Last night had great fun. In fact it had been arguably the best sex of my life. Ooh, the things I did to that beautiful blonde bombshell. Ooh yeah, and the things she had perpetrated on me. How could this dazzling girl with the appearance of an angel be so naughty and wicked in bed?Ginger had cost me dearly, but I would've paid double or even triple for what had to be the greatest night of my life. What made it doubly fun was that Ginger, that gorgeous slab of woman flesh seemed to have a fabulous time too.I draped my legs over the edge of the bed and stretched. I had to pee something fierce, so I padded into the restroom. Naked from the glorious night of frolicking, I lifted the toilet seat and reached for dickie. Hmm. I frowned. What the f…There's nothing there. I mean no dick, no pubes, nothing.I felt around down there a little more and suddenly jumped as if a bolt of lightning struck me. No, it was more like a bolt of pleasure—pure, joyous pleasure. I touched something that felt… I reached down again and rubbed it. God that feels good, but… "Where's my dick?"I spun around. I'd spoke, but the voice I heard was Ginger's. I stomped to the vanity, hit the light switch and glared into the mirror. I wasn't there—Ginger was. I couldn't believe my eyes. I blinked, but Ginger was still there, albeit, with a worried look on her beautiful face and I who stood right in front of the mirror was nowhere to be seen. "What the f…" I said, but she moved her mouth and again it was her voice. I raised my hand to, touch the mirror and felt it, but it was Ginger who raised her hand in the mirror. Suddenly, I realized, "EEK, I'm Her!"I am Ginger? This was fucking crazy. I'd become Ginger. I began to shake. My heart raced and I couldn't catch my breath. Christ, what's going on? Was Ginger a witch? A body snatcher? A she-devil?I ran into the bedroom and flipped on the light. Ginger was in bed, with the covers pulled over her head. I pulled the cover down and was eye to eye with…Brad Fairchild—me!"What's the matter?" The fake me said in my missing masculine voice. Suddenly, her eyes rounded and grew to the size of silver dollars. She pointed at me and exclaimed, "You're, me!" Then she pulled her hand back and examined the hair on the back of it and her lack of pointed, colored nails."And you're me!" I shouted, "What the fuck is going on?"He/she moved a hand around his face. "I really am…you. How did this happen?"I held my hands out to the side. "I wish I knew."He/she hopped out of bed and looked in the mirrored wardrobe door. "This is unbelievable. He/she started pacing. "Let's not panic. There has to be some logical explanation for this.""I'm listening.""Maybe it's some freak accident. You got me pretty hot and I know you were hot too."I waited for her, I mean me, to continue.When she didn't, I asked, "Yeah. What're you saying?""I wish I knew. Maybe we got so passionate we entered each other's bodies.""That part about switching bodies is a given, but it doesn't seem possible it happened while we got it on. It happened while we were asleep, not when we were in the throes of passion." I backed off. "At least I think it happened while we were sleeping.""This is so bizarre." His eyes expanded! He grabbed hold of his/her/my cock. "Look, can you believe it? I have a cock.""I know—my cock, and I have a pussy—your pussy. Maybe this is a temporary phenomenon.""That would be nice."Adult ExcerptI kissed her forehead, then the bridge of her nose, while kneading one of her tanned breasts, flicking her long, sexy, pink nipple.She inhaled and sighed. "Mmm, that feels so good."After kissing the eyelid of each closed eye, my tongue traced the crease between her closed lips. Another sigh and she parted her lips. As my tongue entered, hers darted out and intercepted mine. She moaned as our tongues met and danced a tango of seduction, but I needed to move on.Ginger inhaled sharply when I broke the kiss. Then she wriggled and squirmed as my lips languorously left a trail of moist kisses, evaporating as my lips moved to her neck and leisurely down to her shoulder."Oh God. My body is humming."I snickered. "You best get used to it because this is the mildest thing you'll feel before I'm finished with you."My lips meandered across her chest pausing at the vale between the swell of her lovely breasts and nuzzled my face between them. She tunneled her finger tips through my hair. "Ooh, Babe-e-e. Hurry sweetheart, my pussy, clit, everything is on fire."I cupped her breast, then sucked on her taut nipple."Jesus!" She shuddered as she gasped. "That is remarkable. I can feel that clear down in my toes. I had no idea.""Yeah, my nipples are pretty sensitive. My clit too.""How about your other nipple?" As I sucked on her other nipple her fingernails raked my locks digging into my scalp."Oh my God. It's even stronger."I slid my right hand down past her lightly rounded abdomen to her smooth mound, letting my fingers drape over her clit, giving it a gentle tap with my middle finger.Ginger raised her hips and pushed her pubis into my hand. "I can't believe how good that feels. I can't believe how good you are."I chuckled. "That's because I used to be a woman!"Pausing for a second of lucidity, Ginger giggled, "You were weren't you?" Then as I pushed my middle finger into her heated, wet, pussy, she gasped. "Oh fuck!" She shuddered and gently rolled her body from side to side.I whispered as seductively as I could, "Would you like these lips and tongue to take the place of my hand?""Fuck yes babe-e-e, I can't wait."She sighed as my mouth pulled away from her nipple. I rose back up to her head and shivers shot through my tongue reamed her ear canal. Then I whispered in her ear, "I'm going to eat that sweet pussy of yours, now.""Oh, yes, yes hurry, eat my cunt!" she begged.I laved a path of cooling moistness across her heated skin, causing goose bumps to erupt in its wake on every accessible sensuous spot on her luscious body. Her neck, breasts, ribs, navel, hips and mound all glistened from my saliva.I settled between Ginger's thighs, inches from her wax smooth pussy. Having never had the opportunity to observe my former pussy like this except in a mirror, I studied and admired its petal-like folds. Edging closer, she moaned as I touched her clit with my nose and took a deep breath. Her aroused fragrance was sexy, natural and potent.She gripped a clump of my hair. "What are you doing?""Loving the aroma of your sweet pussy." Something elemental drew me in until my mouth nestled between her heated folds, and my tongue enthusiastically delved into her sopping wet pussy. Snaking an arm around each thigh, my right hand slipped back to her clitoris, massaging it with my middle finger. My left hand rose along her abdomen, across her ribs until my fingers caressed her beautiful breasts, massaging each and plucking her nipples, alternating between them.Sucking, licking and reaming with such gusto, my slurping sounds matched her deep purring moans. Ginger's head started slowly rolling from right to left and left to right, messing her beautiful hair.Positioned at the nexus of her legs, I scanned the length of Ginger's lissome, frame, admiring her model-like characteristics in a way I was unable to otherwise. "Mmm, you taste good. I could get used to this."Breathlessly she responded, "So could I. This feels better than a blow job!"The more I ate her pussy the greater her reaction. Her hands fisted the sheets, and her back arched off the mattress as her hips thrust her pussy firmer into my mouth. Periodically, her arms slapped a pillow or the headboard while moaning and whimpering between sighs of my name.All of a sudden, she blurted, "Jesus, I can't believe how good it feels to have my pussy eaten. It's like your tongue's on the on the edge of my soul."Wanting to taste Ginger's clit, I began fucking her pussy with two fingers, and took her clit in my mouth. When I began sucking and licking her clit, Ginger went bonkers.Digging her long fingers through my hair, she occasionally closed her fist around a handful, pulling me closer, while her clit thrust into my mouth. "Don't stop!" She moaned long and low. "That's it, more of that, give me more…more…I love it!" Breathlessly, she hummed her pleasure. "Christ, you are good. I've never knew anything could feel this good…"Jesus. I wanted to fuck this woman. Her every word, punctuated by a thrust of her pussy against my mouth, made my throbbing cock jump with need. I could stick my cock in her and she'd probably welcome it, but I wanted to make her cum orally, first. Fastening my lips to her swollen clit, I tongued and sucked upon it. Simultaneously, I thrust my fingers into her weeping recess over and over while rotating them back and forth. The combination proved to be exactly what she needed to send her over the edge.~ * * ~Spasms of pleasure rippled through me as my looming climax built. I was close, so close, I closed my eyes, grit my teeth and willed it. Then like a dozen birthday presents, it came and came and came.My orgasm roared out of the depths of my pussy, around his fingers and right up into my well-licked and sucked clit. My thighs clamped down tight along his ears and my ankles crossed on his back pulling him in even harder. Literally screaming, I thrashed back and forth so hard, it's a wonder he didn't get whiplash.Sunday, July 7, 2013Exciting News! We've just released two of our best books, A Dangerous Game & EEK! I'm a Woman. These are my first major releases in almost a year and to celebrate here's some more good news. Both of my books and the eight other great newest releases on New Dawning Bookfair are 50% off until July 15th. That's Half Price! So Check the books out and while you're there check out our beautiful website.A Dangerous Game is a complex story covering thirty years in the life of a woman, who at seventeen hit a low point when her father discovers she's pregnant and throws her out of the house. Gritty and spirited, Loretta Bishop, after a stint in an Elko brothel, ends up as a Vegas cocktail waitress, making the best of her situation in life.Over the years, many men and lovers pass through her life, but three stand out: Vinnie, a slick Four Queens pit boss, Gary, a young, impressionable co-worker, and last, Bobby, a handsome, college student.Seventeen years Bobby’s senior, Loretta is tasked, one night, with taking the unassuming, modest, pretty boy under her wing and turning him into a ladies' man. At first Bobby seems like a fun boy toy, but when Loretta falls in love with him and he asks her to marry him, Loretta flees in panic.Now on his own it’s up to Bobby to put the methods Loretta has taught him to practical use. Will he succeed and parlay his new talents into love, wealth and power?SEXY STORY EXCERPTThe driver spoke. “Need a ride? Hop in. Jill, why don’t you get in back with Amy?” Jill opened the door stepped out, smiled coyly and hopped in back. I got in and before I knew it I was being taken for a ride by… “Hi, I’m Babbet but everyone calls me Baby.” Her broad smile revealed perfect white teeth. “I’ll drop my sister and her friend off at the pajama party first, then I’ll take you wherever you want.” I chuckled. “You’re very kind.” And hot. “Excuse me for laughing but my name is Bobby. Bobby and Baby sound a little strange together.” Baby peeled off the shoulder like Loretta had minutes before, and the tires screeched from the traction of pavement. Looking me up and down, Baby said, “I dunno, sounds kind of promising to me.” Baby was medium height and slight of build. She had warm brown eyes behind long lashes. Her light brown hair was tied at the top of her head, giving a fountain effect, enhanced by loose ringlets framing her pretty face.She’s coming on to me. Do something. After Jill and Amy leave. “So how old are you, Baby?” “I’m nineteen. I’m an education major at UNLV.” “We have something in common. I go to UNLV also—Hotel Administration.” After dropping the party goers off, Baby headed back in the general direction I'd been hiking. “Where to?” “My Apartment. Drive toward Sandhill. I’ll give you directions from there.” Baby was thinking. I heard her sigh as she took a deep breath. “You don’t have to go straight home. We could go somewhere?”I knew it, she is coming on. I couldn’t help but smile. “Like where?” “We could get a drink,” she said, her voice quivering slightly. “I thought you were nineteen?” “I have ID.” She asked hopefully? “Do you want to?” Using her term, I said, “Sounds promising, but I better get home.” The smile on her face morphed to consternation. “So you have a girlfriend? Is that why you do don’t want to do something?” “My girlfriend and I have an open relationship.” “Wow! Really? What was your fight about?” “I called her a whore?” Baby’s lips pursed and her eyebrows dipped. “Why, is she one?” Studying Baby, I watched for her reaction. “Not that I know of. For some reason, I was pissed because she fucked my best friend.” Baby blanched. “Sorry about the language. I have no reason to be mad, because it happened way before I met her, yet it ticked me off.” At my direction, she turned south on Sandhill Rd. I could tell she was thinking. “So how come you didn’t want to do something with me?” “Turn here. That’s it. Pull over.” She pulled in and shut the engine off. Baby half-turned toward me in her seat and lifted her right leg up, resting her foot on the console. She’d made her move; now it was my turn. Obviously the girl liked me. Should I give her a go? Why not? Baby wore a red bikini, a matching floral cover up and flip-flop sandals. Not much to take off. “I want to do something with you, all right. Just not get a drink.” She turned as red as her swimsuit. Desire and apprehension fought a battle for her facial features. Taking a deep breath, obviously nervous, she squeaked, “What then?” She knew well. She just wanted me to say it. I leaned over the console in her direction, and my hand journeyed the two feet separating us. My forefinger flittered through one of her ringlets. She closed her eyes as the back of my hand stroked her smooth cheek. She looked down but didn’t say anything as my fingers unbuttoned the lone fastener of her cover-up. As I pulled one flap of the garment to the side, I said, “Oh, I think you know what I want to do with you.” She closed her eyes once more. I moved the other flap of the garment. “And you want me to do it. Don’t you?” She must have been picturing what she wanted me to do to her, because with her eyes still closed, her lips began to quiver. I quietly unzipped my fly and freed my now erect penis. I bent closer to her ear and purred. “I didn’t want to waste time getting drinks.” My fingers traveled back and forth over her quivering red lips. She closed her pretty eyes and sighed, invitingly parting her lips as she did, jutting her bottom lip out slightly. My fore and middle fingers pulled the pouty lip downward, then slid across her perfect white teeth. At the same time, I took her hand and placed it on my shaft. She jerked. She opened her eyes and yearningly gazed at it. When she parted her teeth, my fingers darted in. Her lips closed around them as they moved in and out. Breathing deeply she started moving her hand up and down my erection. I smiled when I noticed the growing wet spot on her bikini bottoms. Removing my fingers from her mouth, I pulled her top up above one of her modest-sized breasts. Her perky stand-out nipple drew my mouth like a magnet. Baby groaned when my lips alighted on her nipple and began sucking. Now slouching leaning fully against her car door, she’d draped her nice legs across the inconvenient console and my left leg. Fingers replaced my mouth on her tit so I could concentrate on her wet pussy. She stiffened as my fingers slipped under her wet suit bottom and teased her swollen clit. I whispered, “I want to take you to my apartment and remove all of your clothing so I can ravish you. I want to stick my hardness inside you. I want you. I want to fuck you. Are you ready?” “Oh yes, please. Take me, fuck me.”~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~BlurbWaking after a wild celebratory night of with Ginger, a dazzling courtesan, Brad needs to pee bad. Taking his usual position in front of the water closet he reaches for his male ego but can't locate it. What the H…? He pads to the vanity, flips on the light and stares in the mirror where he is rewarded with the reflection of…Ginger, the girl he spent the night with. What the F… is going on!EXCERPTThe sun barely peeked through the blackout drapes when I woke. I sat up. Ginger had been right. Last night had been great fun. In fact it had been arguably the best sex of my life. Ooh, the things I did to that beautiful blonde bombshell. Ooh yeah, and the things she had perpetrated on me. How could this dazzling girl with the appearance of an angel be so naughty and wicked in bed?Ginger had cost me dearly, but I would've paid double or even triple for what had to be the greatest night of my life. What made it doubly fun was that Ginger, that gorgeous slab of woman flesh seemed to have a fabulous time too.I draped my legs over the edge of the bed and stretched. I had to pee something fierce, so I padded into the restroom. Naked from the glorious night of frolicking, I lifted the toilet seat and reached for dickie. Hmm. I frowned. What the f…There's nothing there. I mean no dick, no pubes, nothing.I felt around down there a little more and suddenly jumped as if a bolt of lightning struck me. No, it was more like a bolt of pleasure—pure, joyous pleasure. I touched something that felt… I reached down again and rubbed it. God that feels good, but… "Where's my dick?"I spun around. I'd spoke, but the voice I heard was Ginger's. I stomped to the vanity, hit the light switch and glared into the mirror. I wasn't there—Ginger was. I couldn't believe my eyes. I blinked, but Ginger was still there, albeit, with a worried look on her beautiful face and I who stood right in front of the mirror was nowhere to be seen. "What the f…" I said, but she moved her mouth and again it was her voice. I raised my hand to, touch the mirror and felt it, but it was Ginger who raised her hand in the mirror. Suddenly, I realized, "EEK, I'm Her!"I am Ginger? This was fucking crazy. I'd become Ginger. I began to shake. My heart raced and I couldn't catch my breath. Christ, what's going on? Was Ginger a witch? A body snatcher? A she-devil?I ran into the bedroom and flipped on the light. Ginger was in bed, with the covers pulled over her head. I pulled the cover down and was eye to eye with…Brad Fairchild—me!"What's the matter?" The fake me said in my missing masculine voice. Suddenly, her eyes rounded and grew to the size of silver dollars. She pointed at me and exclaimed, "You're, me!" Then she pulled her hand back and examined the hair on the back of it and her lack of pointed, colored nails."And you're me!" I shouted, "What the fuck is going on?"He/she moved a hand around his face. "I really am…you. How did this happen?"I held my hands out to the side. "I wish I knew."He/she hopped out of bed and looked in the mirrored wardrobe door. "This is unbelievable. He/she started pacing. "Let's not panic. There has to be some logical explanation for this.""I'm listening.""Maybe it's some freak accident. You got me pretty hot and I know you were hot too."I waited for her, I mean me, to continue.When she didn't, I asked, "Yeah. What're you saying?""I wish I knew. Maybe we got so passionate we entered each other's bodies.""That part about switching bodies is a given, but it doesn't seem possible it happened while we got it on. It happened while we were asleep, not when we were in the throes of passion." I backed off. "At least I think it happened while we were sleeping.""This is so bizarre." His eyes expanded! He grabbed hold of his/her/my cock. Look, can you believe it? I have a cock.""I know—my cock, and I have a pussy—your pussy. Maybe this is a temporary phenomenon.""That would be nice." Seeming to overcome her incredulity and accepting that we'd switched bodies, she postulated, "But not too quickly. If you think about it, in a perverse way this is kind of neat. It could be fun."About MeBorn in Chicago, grew-up in Las Vegas, have lived in Phoenix the last twenty-two years and haven’t melted yet. I’m a young fifty-twenty, I’m about six foot, sandy brown hair, blue eyes, ruddy complexioned, a little overweight. Having lost my building business of thirty-five in the Great Wall Street Recession, I now write for a living. I write a little of this and a little of that. Long, short, in between, thrillers, chick-lit, romance, paranormal and erotica. My writing has been all over the place. Eclectic, would be a good way to describe it. Since losing everything and starting over, I've grown very concerned watching America lurch along bumping along like a drunken sailor, so I've decided to put my thoughts down for posterity. I hope you enjoy my scriblings.