1. This promotion is open to entrants aged 18 or over, with residence in the UK, except employees and their immediate families of Tesco UK, their agents and anyone directly connected with the planning or administration of the competition.2. By entering the F&F Fifty Shades of Grey follow and RT Twitter prize draw, users are deemed to have read, understood and accepted all of the ‘Terms and Conditions’ and agreed to be bound by them and any requirements set out in accompanying material.3. No purchase necessary to enter the competition. Standard broadband applies and entrants must have access to the Internet to enter the competition. To participate in the promotion, entrants must do the following:4. The promotional period runs from 12pm on Friday 6th February until 11:59pm on Sunday 8th February 2015.5. Any entries received after 11:59pm on Sunday 8th February 2015 will not be counted. The F&F reserves the right to change or cancel the promotional dates and prize draw at any time without notice. No correspondence will be entered into.6. Each entrant is limited to one entry per person per day. If any multiple entries are received in any single day during the Competition Period, then only one entry will be entered.6a. Entries that are incomplete, illegible or fraudulent will be deemed invalid. No responsibility will be accepted for entries lost, corrupted or delayed in transmission.7. There will be 25 winners in total, selected on Monday 9th February, in-between 9am and 6pm.8. An independent person will select the winners at random, from all the valid entries. The judge’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The winners will be contacted by F&F via Twitter.10. Winners contacted by @FandFclothing will be required to claim their prize within 24 hours of being contacted by Twitter Direct Message. To accept the prize, winners will need to confirm full name, date of birth, residence, email address, delivery address and contact number. It is the responsibility of the winner to supply all correct details.11. Each of the winners will receive an official E.L James signed paperback copy of Fifty Shades of Grey (the cover may vary). There is no cash or other alternative prize. Prizes are not transferable or permitted to be resold. All prizes are subject to availability. The F&F reserves the right to substitute the prizes for an alternative of equal or greater value.11b. Prizes will be dispatched within seven days of the winner confirming their contact details.12. By entering the prize draw, entrants are deemed to grant permission to @FandFclothing for their entry, name, Twitter handle and avatar to be used. Each of the winner’s tweets may also be re-tweeted by @FandFclothing.13. By entering the competition, the winners give consent for their name, contact number, email address and delivery address to be passed to a third party provider for delivery of the prize. Save for the exception of the above, F&F will not pass any personal data to any third party unless required to do so by law or an appropriate regulatory authority.14. If a winner fails to respond within 24 hours of notification, the prize will be forfeited and an alternative winner will be contacted. Should winners choose not to accept their prize due to outstanding reasons, F&F reserve the right to conduct a re-draw and will select a new winner.15. F&F cannot guarantee uninterrupted or secure access to the web entry route and accepts no responsibility for non-receipt or late receipt of entries due to technical difficulties. Proof of sending is not proof of receipt.16. The decision of F&F in all matters is final and binding to the entrants. No correspondence shall be entered into.17. F&F reserves the right to (a) disqualify any entrant which the they believe has contravened any of these Terms and Conditions, and (b) select an alternative winner in respect of any prize they may have won.18. The allocation of the prizes is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into.19. F&F is not responsible for any third party acts or omissions.20. F&F reserves the right to cancel, amend, terminate or temporarily suspend the promotion in the event of any unforeseen circumstances or reason outside its reasonable control, with no liability to the entrant.21. The promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Twitter. Twitter is not responsible to entrants in respect of any aspect of this promotion. Entrants understand that they are providing their information to F&F and its affiliates, and not to Twitter. F&F will only use the information submitted for the purposes of this promotion.22. The promoter of this competition F&F, Trident Place, Hatfield Business Park, Mosquito Way, Hatfield Avenue, Hertfordshire, AL10 9UL. You can contact the F&F in relation to the promotion by this address or contacting us on 08450 755 000.