Hair Stylist ProductsThe Products Hairstylists Use on Their Own HairThese pros can't whip up awesome 'dos without their go-to beauty stash.The Products Hairstylists Use on Their Own HairThese pros can't whip up awesome 'dos without their go-to beauty stash.Tippi Shorter / Dana IonatoThis article was written by Amber Katz and repurposed with permission from Refinery29.Sure, stylists can do a number on your head, but how do they get their tresses to look so stunning all of the time? Turns out, the secret is in their beloved beauty products. Here’s a roundup of nine fabulously coiffed professionals in the hair business and what they use on their own manes. Snag these pro tips, and use them to tame your own 'do.Tippi Shorter1. Tippi Shorter The Aveda global artistic director for textured hair has a “thick, coarse, bushy blend of curls and waves.” Her biggest problem? “Not having a consistent pattern of either curly or wavy. Also, frizz and expansion during the day are issues I contend with.”Favorite Products Shorter layers a cocktail of two to three products to keep her hair in check. “I can't live without Aveda Be Curly Style-Prep and Aveda Be Curly Curl Controller when my hair is curly and Aveda Smooth Infusion Style-Prep Smoother and Aveda Smooth Infusion Naturally Straight when my hair is blown out.”Mara Roszak2. Mara Roszak The consulting celebrity hairstylist for L’Oréal Paris says she has coarse, frizzy, thick hair, which she candidly admits she's not a fan of styling. “At the end of the day, the last thing I want to think about is styling my own hair,” she says. “I brush out my hair while it's still wet, then towel-dry and add a serum, like L’Oréal Paris OleoTherapy Perfecting Oil Essence, onto the ends and work the excess through the rest of my hair.”Favorite Products Ionato uses Sally Hershberger 24K, a paste with shimmer that helps maintain shine and gives “texture to my ends without making them greasy.” She rubs the product into her hands before applying to ensure even distribution.“Sometimes I mix in some Sally Hershberger Hyper Hydration Spray Serum for extra shine and mix it into the 24K in my hand,” she says. “You don't want to oversaturate or you will have to wash your hair more often. Preserving the blowout is key.”Jamie Cook4. Jamie Cook She’s a senior stylist at Blackstones Hairdressing Salon and has thick, coarse hair. “At times, unruly would be an understatement, partially due to my love affair with coloring it,” she says. “My talented, gentle, and passionate colorist Carla Rombauer makes it a new beautiful pastel shade almost every other week.”Favorite Products Cook likes Five Wits Shampoo and Conditioner Number 3, which she says smells great and moisturizes without weighing down the hair. “Sachajuan Ocean Mist [creates] ‘just came from the beach’ hair, [and the product] is light, wearable, and works on every hair type,” says Cook.She uses Satin Serum from Living Proof for the ends, which doesn’t contain silicone or oil. Cook avoids these ingredient as they can cause her skin to break out. “The serum makes my hair soft and shiny while cutting down the drying time,” she says. “Who wouldn't love to make their hair look beautiful in less time?”Kattia Solano5. Kattia Solano After giving birth to her baby, Solano, owner of Butterfly Studio salon, saw her once-wavy hair become dry and curly. “Because of this change,” she says, “I now have to change the types of products I am using with everything from shampoo and conditioner to styling products!”