Family and well-wishers mourn as details emerge into the brutal murder of Iffatuddoha Sadia, a teenage student and daughter of an opposition member killed in Jatrabari, Dhaka yesterday (Friday February 6, 2015). Interviews of witnesses and associated individuals conducted by Progress Bangladesh have revealed the following details of the incident.Neighbours report that Sadia’s house was raided by three ruling party activists of Bangladesh Chattra League on Friday afternoon at 3pm. The men were seeking her father, a local member of the opposition party Jamaat-e-Islami. They also demanded keys to access and loot the family wardrobes, which Sadia’s family refused to give. When the intruders could not find the father and were not given access to the wardrobes, the three men proceeded to vandalise and violently destroy property within the house. The men also locked away Sadia’s elderly grandmother. At this, Sadia began to call for help, yelling “Criminals! Criminals!” The three men then turned on her and her mother, attacking them with knives and stabbing them repeatedly. At the sound of the commotion, local people approached the house at which the attackers fled.Sadia was stabbed multiple times including in the stomach. There are also troubling reports emerging of other violations. A family neighbor used a scarf to wrap her stomach and took her to Islami Bank Hospital in Kakrail. Sadia was operated on, but the doctor was unable to save her. She passed away at around 7pm on the same day.Sadia was a 19 year old student of National Ideal College in Dhaka. She had previously attended school at Tamirul Millat Madrassa, a notable religious seminary which specialises in combined studies in national curriculum and religious education, from which she had graduated as an alima (religious scholarly qualification). She had been preparing to begin studies at university. She was also a member of Chattri Shongstha, the female student wing of opposition party, Jamaat-e-Islami.Sadia’s funeral took place today (Saturday February 7, 2015) at the garage of Islami Bank Hospital in Kakrail with around 50 people in attendance. Attendees report the proceedings were extremely emotional for all present. Sadia’s body was then transported by family members to her family village home of Faridpur for burial. Forced into hiding, her father was unable to attend his daughter’s funeral. Many opposition members across the country have been forced into hiding due to the ongoing brutal crackdown by the ruling Awami League government.Sadia’s mother, a member of opposition Jamaat-e-Islami women’s branch, was also taken to hospital where she has been operated on and remains in critical condition. She is fighting for her life at Dhaka Medical Hospital’s Intensive Care Unit. The mother is reportedly in and out of consciousness and constantly vomiting when regaining consciousness. In her critical state, family have been forced to shield her from the news of her daughter.Police and ruling party men have reportedly overrun Jatrabari, the location of Sadia’s home, making conditions insecure and access to the region difficult. Locals on conditions of anonymity have reported that police have been ordered to raid all houses and to shoot and kill opposition members on sight. Jattrabari residents, including families of women and children, are accordingly living in terror for their lives. Earlier today Deputy Inspector General of Dhaka, S.M. Mahfuzul Haque Nuruzzaman, instructed police to kill the families of opposition protesters.