Every day we feature items from some of our trusted sellers who are offering deep discounts (usually between 20% and 90% off) and free shipping. The only catch is that we have limited quantities of these fixed-price items, and at these great prices, they won't last long. Once they're gone, they're gone.We update featured deals at least once a day starting at 8 a.m. Pacific Time. And when we sell out of items during the day, we replace them with brand new deals. On newer deals you'll see a message that says something like "Added 2 hours ago" to let you know it's a fresh offer. Check back often to make sure you don't miss out on the latest Daily Deals.Questions and AnswersQ.How is the discount on each Daily Deal item determined?A.The price that is stricken is the "List Price" for the item. The List price is the price (excluding shipping and handling fees) the seller of the item has provided at which the same item, or one that is nearly identical to it, is being offered for sale or has been offered for sale in the recent past. The price may be the seller's own price elsewhere or another seller's price. The "% off" simply signifies the calculated percentage difference between seller-provided List Price and the seller's price for the Daily Deal item. If you have any questions related to the pricing and/or discount offered in the Daily Deal, please contact the seller.Q.Does each Daily Deal last an entire day?A.Not always. When we sell out, the deal is over. If you see something you want, you'll want to grab it quickly. If you love it, chances are others will too, and we only have so many to go around. Also, eBay may for any reason, such as making room for another great deal, take down a deal before it sells out or before the end of the day.Q.How often are Daily Deals updated?A.We start fresh every morning with four new deals at 8 a.m. Pacific Time. As these items sell out, we replace them with new offers throughout the day, so it's always a good time to check out eBay Daily Deals.Q.How do I know if an item is selling out?A.All Daily Deals items are available for a limited time and in limited quantities. If you see something that catches your eye, pick it up before it sells out. We even have a small "Almost gone!" banner that lets you know when an item is almost sold out.Q.What is a "done deal"?A.If you see a deal marked "done deal", the item has already sold out. Check eBay Daily Deals often to make sure you get your item before it becomes a done deal.Q.Can I purchase multiple quantities of an eBay Deals listing?A. For each eBay Deals listing, a maximum number of units can be purchased. For example, if the maximum allowed is five, you can’t purchase more than this amount. This includes registering new accounts or using other existing accounts to purchase more than the allowed limit. Violations will result in warnings, restrictions, and/or suspension.