Yaya Toure Absence Costing Man City Badly in Premier League Title DefenceManchester City dropped two more points at home after a 1-1 draw with struggling Hull City, a result that saw Chelsea pull seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table and left the champions' title defence in danger of collapse.City's performance in the 1-1 draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge a week ago was seen by many as a possible catalyst for better form, but this result was further proof of their struggle to win without their influential midfielder, Yaya Toure.Since the Ivorian left for AFCON duty in Equatorial Guinea, City have lost five and drawn one of the six gamed played in his absence. They desperately need him back to add some dynamism to a midfield lacking verve.Man City still haven't won a PL game without @YayaToure this season...Hull got themselves a goal ahead after David Meyler's left-foot finish from close range during a first half in which City looked completely out of ideas. They performed better in the second half with Jesus Navas and James Milner, two of their stand-out performers against Chelsea, but Hull's resistance was strong.It took a superb last-minute Milner free-kick to bring City level, but it's a draw that very much feels like a defeat in these parts. Chelsea's 2-1 win at Villa Park means they are now firmly in the driving seat once again, with City now looking over their shoulder at the chasing pack.They are now closer to the Europa League places than they are to Jose Mourinho's runaway leaders, and having now dropped 12 points at the Etihad already this season, it's becoming increasingly difficult to see how they are going to catch the west London side.Home form was the bedrock of City's two most recent title wins. In 2012, under the guidance of Roberto Mancini, they dropped just two points on home soil, and last season under Pellegrini, they surrendered just five. Add in the two cup exits in front of their own fans to the problematic home league results, and a discouraging picture emerges.Whichever way you slice it, City's form since the turn of the year has been appalling. They haven't won since their unconvincing 2-1 defeat of Sheffield Wednesday at the beginning of January. It's the first time they have gone five games without a win since Mark Hughes' disastrous time in charge. With the exception of last weekend's trip to Chelsea, their performances have been as poor as their results.Manchester United, who have barely gone beyond third gear this season, could move to within three points of City with a win at West Ham on Sunday, a chilling thought for any Citizens fan.There are so many things wrong with City's play—slow, lethargic, lacking invention—that pinpointing one particular area that would fix their problems is impossible. Fernando looks short of the quality needed to excel in the Premier League, Sergio Aguero remains out of sorts after his recent knee injury, and the defensive shape of the team appears too open to repel sides who show any sort of attacking intent.With City set to face Barcelona in the first leg of their last-16 Champions League tie in just over two weeks time, they need to find a resolution fast.Toure's return from international duty can't come quick enough. He will be back in contention for the home game with Newcastle United on February 21 as will his international teammate, Wilfried Bony, City's big-money January signing.Bony's settling-in period needs to be brief. City are in desperate need of some impetus in the attacking third, and all eyes will be on Bony to see if he is the man to provide it.Rob Pollard is Bleacher Report's lead Manchester City correspondent and will be following the club from a Manchester base throughout the 2014-15 season. All quotes are obtained firsthand unless otherwise noted. Follow him on Twitter: @RobPollard.