The 20 Most Satisfying Kisses in TV HistoryThe “will they/won’t they” couple is a dynamic fairly unique to television. Sure, you can spend an entire movie wondering if a couple will get together, but you pretty much know they will. TV allows for long stretches of yearning, burning glances, heaps of missed chances, and, if done right, a TV show will always keep you guessing as to when (and sometimes if) it ever plans to pull the trigger.This is a fairly recent phenomenon, too. (Not counting daytime soaps.) And since the tension and energy of a will they/won’t they couple is such television gold, it’s always tempting to stretch the dynamic out past the breaking point. But when the “will they” is done right, and sealed with a proper kiss, well, television doesn’t get much better.But how long is too long to keep the audience waiting, and will everyone stop watching once the wait is over? Some shows go for surprise rather than satisfaction (see: Logan and Veronica), while other shows get pretty creative with the obstacles to keep their lovers apart. In the oddball romantic comedy series Pushing Daisies, satisfaction never really comes. (If he touches her, she dies. Again. Long story.)And while most shows have trouble in the aftermath of an explosive “finally!” kiss, we’re not here to worry about that. We’re here to remember and celebrate the consummations that work. With Valentine’s Day right around the corner, there’s no better reminder that waiting might be fine for TV characters, but nothing beats the satisfaction of going for it sooner rather than later. So go for it! And let these couples show you how it’s done.Lost –– Desmond and Penny: This show’s best love scene didn’t involve kissing at all. That would be couple’s great long-distance phone call in Season 4’s “The Constant.” And though we had seen Desmond and Penny smooch in flashbacks, there was nothing quite like this reunion on Penny’s boat. Jack/Kate/Sawyer, eat your heart out.Parks and Recreation –– Leslie and Ben: The gentle chemistry between Amy Poehler and Adam Scott has been one of this show’s strongest elements. The will they/won’t they of this storyline only dragged out a little as these two work-driven individuals were forced into deciding between jobs they loved and each other. The beauty is that they never really had to choose. One wonderful wedding, several career opportunities, and three children later, the Knope-Wyatts continue to have it all.Orange Is the New Black –– Piper and Alex: Like Desmond and Penny, these two had already gotten plenty of action in flashback scenes. But this steamy reunion (in a chapel no less!), turned everything around in Episode 9 of the first season. Piper and Alex may be kind of (very?) toxic together, but their pull is undeniable.Buffy the Vampire Slayer –– Spike and Buffy: If there was ever an episode that gave the people what they wanted, it was “Once More with Feeling” in Season 6. Poor Spike (TV’s finest example of the bad-boy-redeemed-by-love trope) finally got to kiss the slayer (when they both weren’t under the influence of a spell) and Joss Whedon let them have the final crescendo of the show’s musical episode. Buffy and Spike are another toxic couple, but this moment, a culmination of a lot of soulful longing on the part of James Marsters, was a showstopper.The West Wing –– Josh and Donna: Did they wait too long to put these two together? Seven seasons? It’s a pity Josh and Donna, who were clearly headed here from the start, couldn’t have their big moment while Aaron Sorkin was still writing for the show. But this kiss, which starts innocent and goes pretty quickly for 11, was a relief for those who had been waiting since Season 1.New Girl –– Nick and Jess : New Girl didn’t really stick the landing when they put Nick and Jess together, but this kiss packed a mighty punch thanks to the powerful chemistry between Jake Johnson and Zooey Deschanel.Northern Exposure –– Joel and Maggie : This sparring pair enjoyed a highly verbal and combative relationship for four seasons before taking a literal roll in the hay. In fact, in this episode alone, Maggie punched Joel in the nose twice before finally succumbing to their mutual passion. All of it, the punching and the passion, was blamed on the mysterious influence of the coho winds, and Joel and Maggie never really managed to make it work in the end.The Mindy Project –– Mindy and Danny : I think we all thought the best thing Chris Messina would ever do on The Mindy Project was dance. We were wrong. Despite the non-romantic setting (near the airplane bathrooms,Danny, really?), Messina and Kaling sold the hell out of this passionate moment. It took them a little more breaking up and making it up before they finally made it work, but their kisses remain powerful as ever.Friends –– Ross and Rachel : This early Season 2 kiss, when Friends was at the height of its power, delivered on some pretty solid sitcom yearning from Jennifer Aniston and David Schwimmer. So many parts of their relationship became pop-culture buzzwords. He bought her a crystal duck! She went to the airport! They’re each other’s lobster! And though the rest of their relationship is rocky (they were on a break!), it all ended with a happily (she got off the plane!) ever after.E.R. –– Carol and Doug : What’s beautiful about Carol and Doug’s Seattle-based happily ever after is that absolutely nobody saw it coming. George Clooney, who had been off the show for a year, returned to reunite with his on-screen love and send Julianna Margulies off in style. Clooney lied to the press and said he wouldn’t come back while Warner Bros. and NBC kept his cameo a secret (something you couldn’t do now).Frasier –– Niles and Daphne : Seven seasons. This show waited seven long seasons before putting Daphne together with Niles. Perhaps Frasier didn’t want to follow in the footsteps of its predecessor Cheers (we’ll get there), or perhaps David Hyde Pierce was just too good at haplessly pining. Either way, it was worth the wait.The Vampire Diaries –– Damon and Elena : You’re looking at the chemistry that the CW built its brand on. The massive success of The Vampire Diaries helped the CW grow their audience to the point where now the cable network is winning Golden Globes and way ahead of the comic-book TV show game. But back to Damon and Elena. This third-season kiss blew the show’s original couple (Elena and Stefan) to smithereens. There was no going back from here. It wasn’t the first on-screen kiss between Nina Dobrev and Ian Somerhalder (who dated in real life), but it’s certainly the one that counts.Shameless –– Mickey and Ian : Not the first kiss between these two, but, significantly, it is their first very public kiss. As Mickey finally comes to terms with his sexuality, he and Ian put the “P” in P.D.A. All other encounters between these two before had been violent, furtive, or somehow shameful. This one? Well, it’s pretty shameless.Outlander –– Claire and Jamie : The famous wedding-night episode of Outlander is told a little out of order, so the first kiss these two share on-screen is not their timid, ceremonial one, but this scorching, honeymoon barn burner. Audiences had been waiting for seven episodes to see these two consummate their obvious affection and Outlander didn’t disappoint. The show’s depiction of wedding-night sex was entirely unusual and enormously satisfying. It all started with this kiss.Gilmore Girls –– Luke and Lorelai : Luke and Lorelai seem destined from the very first scene of this charming show, when she cutely begs him for coffee and he gives her grief. But that sweet and sometimes salty dynamic stayed in the friend zone until the end of Season 4. This kiss was interrupted (dammit, Kirk!), but there were many more to come. I don’t always love what happened with these two in later seasons (they should never have broken up), but this consummation is sweetly perfect.The Good Wife –– Will and Alicia : Elevators may never be the same again. The Good Wife knew the significance of this Season 2 finale scene and gave it all the weight it deserved. Will and Alicia, old school friends and current co-workers, step into an elevator and as the doors slide open and shut on the long, long way to the top they inch closer. Perfect television perfectly executed. Let’s linger on the satisfaction here and not the tragedy to come.The X-Files –– Mulder and Scully : The X-Files creator Chris Carter is on record as not being a fan of the will they/won’t they dynamic. That’s why the tension between Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny feels so different. It’s there, but it’s never the focus of the show. And though there’s an alternate-reality kiss before this New Year’s kiss in Season 7, this is the first time Mulder and Scully take their relationship to the next level. And it’s so sweet and gentle, the antithesis of the passionate cliches that so often define this kind of TV moment. Most of the rest of their relationship plays out off-screen (much to the frustration of some), and never overwhelms the premise of the show. But we’ll always have this tender moment.Moonlighting –– Maddie and David : You could pick any kiss you wanted between these two and it would be a winner. Unfortunately, these days, everyone remembers Moonlighting as a cautionary tale. When Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepard consummated their relationship in the middle of Season 3, the ratings declined. But what people don’t talk about is how often (and how passionately) Maddie and David locked lips before Season 3. The show was endlessly creative about using dream sequences and fantasy plots to get these two together as often as possible. And every one of those kisses? Dynamite.The Office (U.K. Version) –– Tim and Dawn : Why Tim and Dawn and not Jim and Pam? Well, with apologies to the Americans, the British Office did it first and they did it better. The will they/won’t they of Tim and Dawn spanned 14 tight episodes. (Jim and Pam had to keep the magic alive for nine long seasons.) And though Tim and Dawn shared a few smooches on the road to this one, this kiss in the final minutes of the final episode was the most satisfying because we, the audience, knew it was forever. The two don’t really talk on-screen after the kissing is done and the series closes out on their beaming faces as the pair snuggles up to their office mates.Cheers –– Sam and Diane : This is it, the kiss that started it all. Before there was Maddie and David or Ross and Rachel or Josh and Donna there was Sam and Diane. Ted Danson and Shelley Long sparked and sparred all through the first season until a fantastic blowout in the back office led to this explosive kiss. It was never better than this, the Sam and Diane relationship waxed and waned, and Long left the show in Season 5. Cheers did fine without her, it was more of an ensemble show at that point, but the the influence of Sam and Diane and this passionate kiss is one of the show’s most defining legacies.