WND EXCLUSIVEJames Dobson: America headed toward 'depravity''It happened to Greece, Rome, Pompeii' and Sodom and GomorrahBob Unruh joined WND in 2006 after nearly three decades with the Associated Press, as well as several Upper Midwest newspapers, where he covered everything from legislative battles and sports to tornadoes and homicidal survivalists. He is also a photographer whose scenic work has been used commercially.In his October 2014 newsletter, a copy of which is available online, he wrote about the Old Testament account of Abraham’s nephew, Lot, “who chose to take his family into the wicked cities of Sodom and Gomorrah.”“The men living there had become desperately depraved, burning with lust for each other. Jehovah told Abraham that their sin was so grievous that the Lord decided to rain utter destruction upon them. Abraham pleaded with the Lord on behalf of the people, but the patriarch could not find even ten righteous men in either of the cities to justify mercy,” he wrote.“Why have I chosen to recount this biblical story from so long ago? Because I am convinced that America and other Western nations are sliding in the same direction,” he warned. “We have not yet reached the depravity of Sodom and Gomorrah, but that appears to be where we are headed.”Dobson added, “Judge Robert Bork, the brilliant jurist who was shamefully denied a seat on the Supreme Court, wrote a book about this danger 18 years ago. It was titled, ‘Slouching Towards Gomorrah.’ I think he had it right.”“Many influential men and women of the judiciary are leading us toward perdition.”Only Graham didn’t hold quite as positive an opinion about America as Dobson. Where Dobson said America is sliding down, Graham said America already is there.“Even though America is just as wicked as Sodom and Gomorrah ever were, and as deserving of the judgment of God, God would spare us if we were earnestly praying, with hearts that been cleansed and washed by the blood of Christ,” he wrote.Graham did offer the hope of prayer, like Hezekiah, who “prayed when his city was threatened by the invading armies … and the entire army of Sennacherib was destroyed,” and like Elijah, who prayed “and God sent fire from Heaven to consume the offering of the altar he had built in the presence of God’s enemies,” and Jesus, who “prayed at the door of the tomb of Lazarus, and the one who had been dead for four days came forth.”Graham wrote, “What a glorious thing it would be if millions of us would avail ourselves of the greatest privilege this side of Heaven!“The problems of the world will never be settled unless our national leaders go to God in prayer,” he said. “If only they would discover the power and wisdom that there is in reliance upon God, we could soon see the solution to the grave problems that face the world!”Graham’s commentary, headlined, “Turning the Tide of History,” was reprinted from a January 1962 radio program sermon, according to a report from CNS News.Dobson pinned part of the blame for a crumbling America on federal judges – especially those who of late have found ways to undermine traditional marriage by opening it up to homosexual duos.“Modernists, libertarians and atheists today recognize no condemnation of sexual perversion in the Bible. However, this historical account illustrates how God views it. The outrageous behavior of the wicked men of Sodom and Gomorrah sealed their doom. Fire and brimstone fell from the sky on both cities and utterly destroyed them,” Dobson explained.“The story of Abraham and Lot also illustrates how entire societies can become so corrupted by evil that divine judgment eventually destroys them, or they simply fade away. It happened to the people of Greece, Rome, Pompeii and other cities and cultures where wickedness became the order of the day. One thing is certain. God is the holy Sovereign Lord of all heaven and earth, and He will not be mocked.”And Dobson identified one of those leading the descent: Judge Richard Posner, a “federal judge sitting on the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.”“He became a hero of the pro-gay marriage community by helping to ‘discover’ a provision in the Constitution that laid the foundation for legalizing same-sex marriage. The American people in thirty-one states voted that their Constitutions would henceforth define marriage as being exclusively between one man and one woman. Posner and other imperious judges and justices had a better idea. They simply overrode the will of the people and issued ‘court-made law.’ Whatever happened to Lincoln’s speech at Gettysburg in which he said this government is designed to be ‘Of the people, for the people, and by the people?’ It’s no longer true,” Dobson wrote.He also noted “another idea” discussed by Posner in his writings – that of “rape licenses.”Under the judge’s premise, “The ‘right to rape’ exceeds the victim’s physical and emotional pain,” and Dobson said, “Believe it or not, that is the idiocy of the judge’s reasoning.”Dobson also cited as evidence of the slide the various LGBT education programs being imposed on schools, including “gay history.”“Well, how about it, parents?” he asked. “Are you willing to send your children off to a public school that is required by law to teach LBGT propaganda to students? I pray not. Are you concerned enough to stand for righteousness and build a wall of protection around your family? Do you know that this great institution is crumbling, and that children will be the victims of its demise? Mrs. Phyllis Schlafly, who has fought boldly and passionately for traditional marriage and the welfare of children, has just published a book titled, ‘Who Killed The American Family?’ It is dying in her view. We can all see evidences of it.”In his newsletter at the time, Dobson said, “Among other things, [Obama] was targeting religious freedom and set about accomplishing that from the beginning. That was the activity to which I objected strenuously during my comments in Washington. I offer no apologies for expressing those views now. The effort to force Christians to violate their consciences must be opposed with all vigor, regardless of the consequences – primarily because it is unconstitutional. Christians are being chastised, dismissed, harangued and sued for daring to practice their deeply held convictions in the public square. Family Talk is among those who have been pressed against a wall.”Dobson, through his Family Talk, had fought the Obamacare requirement that employers must pay for abortion-causing agents for their employees. The U.S. Supreme has struck down that requirement now.Dobson at that time bluntly backed up his opinion.“[Obama] has made it so that every American will have to pay toward the support of abortion,” he said, citing hundreds of millions of dollars in taxpayer funds that already go to Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest abortion industry player.“How can anyone challenge my characterization of Mr. Obama as ‘the abortion president? … He even voted three times in the Illinois state senate not to protect babies who were born alive after surviving botched abortions,” he said.