In 1992 at about 3:00 a.m. my seven year old son, my wife and I found ourselves huddled on the floor of our master bedroom walk-in closet.As we sat there in the dim light of a flashlight we heard the sliding glass doors shatter and glass flying about the room outside our sheltered space. The sliding gas doors had been covered by metal vertical blinds that now made a horrendous rattling noise as the wind wailed through the door opening where the glass had been.This went on for a considerable amount of time as we tried to get news of how much longer this onslaught would continue. Our only source of information was an old transistor radio.As we scoured the radio frequencies for information, I hoped the batteries would last.Photo Credit: Weatherworksinc.comJust a Bad Memory NowThat memory is from the time when Hurricane Andrew swept through South Florida causing massive destruction.As it turned out we discovered after the storm that our house experienced the power of the north eye wall of the storm, where some of the strongest winds occur.That was 22 years ago, and is now just a memory.Recently, the only portable radio that I had reached the end of its life as it succumbed to a group of leaking batteries.Since I still life in hurricane territory in Florida I wanted to replace my old radio with a new one. So I went on the internet and did a little research and found the most fantastic radio combination you can imagine.This little radio does it all. There are certain items everyone should have in their emergency supplies. A first aid kit, water, a few days of food and this little radio. If you don’t believe me read on and see the true capabilities of this little gem.Power Sources5 Different Radio Power SourcesYou’ll never be out of power with this radio, which is the main reason I bought it. How many radios do you know of that have 5 different methods of power.Here’s the list of power sources:1. AC/DC Radio Power. You can plug an AC/DC convertor into it to provide power. The convertor is sold separately, but it’s only about $10 so that’s no big deal if you want one.2. Solar Radio Power. The radio has a bank of solar cells that rotate up 180 degrees to power the radio as well as charge the rechargeable battery.3. Crank Radio Power. No sun available, just crank the dynamo for a few minutes and you’re good to go. The crank feature was a big selling point for me. Being able to crank the radio means I will always have power no matter where I am or the time of day I can always power the radio and light features.4. USB Radio Power. The radio has a USB port that can be used to power and charge the rechargeable battery.5. Battery Radio Power. The unit will accommodate 3 AA batteries for power. It also has a rechargeable replaceable Ni-MH battery pack. This rechargeable battery pack can be charged by solar, the AC/DC convertor, the USB port, or the crank. Now, here’s a really neat thing about this radio. Once charged, the battery pack can be used to power your cell phone through the USB port.I don’t keep any batteries in mine since I really don’t need to with the crank feature.I love the versatility of this radio for powering itself. No matter what, you’ve got power. What can be better than that?Emergency Radio Features11 Radio BandsI bought this to replace my damaged emergency radio, so basically I was buying a radio.Like everything else about this little gem, this more than delivers on being a radio.It has 7 preset NOAA frequencies for monitoring weather conditions.A regular AM & FM radio functions for listening to normal broadcast radio programming.It also has two short wave radio bands. Now I don’t sit around listening to short wave radio. However, in an emergency when the AM/FM stations are down the short wave may come in real handy.Crank FlashlightThe emergency flashlight featuresThis radio also has 3 different flashlight functions.1. Reading Light. On the backside of the solar cells are 5 LED lights that when turned on make a very nice reading light.2. Flashlight. On one end of the radio is a single LED bulb that functions as a flashlight.3. SOS Emergency Light. The LED that functions as a flashlight also serves as an emergency light that flashes the morse code for SOS in a red light.Solar Radio Size PerspectiveI thought it was larger.When I ordered this radio online I thought its physical size was much larger that it really is.When I received it I was very pleasantly surprised at how small it is and still is packed with all the features previously mentioned.ConclusionIf you're looking for an emergency radio, crank radio, or solar radio, or even if you aren't I consider this little gem to be a must have for any household. It does it all and an very reasonable price and will be ready to go in any emergency.I got one for my house and am now getting one for each car since they'll be good to have along on any trip. For the cars Im leaning toward the yellow.TheKaito Radio is available on Amazon. Click the link for current price.Veauit.com's author is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com