Greatdiamondinfo.comTIP! Avoid using harmful substances like bleach, ammonia, acetone, turpentine and the like to clean them. This can dull your stones and eat away their enamel.Whatever your jewelry situation is, the jewelry world can get confusing. How do you know where to find more information on something like this? The following article will describe some useful tips about jewelry to assist you in becoming a highly educated consumer.TIP! Jewelry is best stored in an area with low humidity. Trying putting them in a box with a tight-fitting lid or a bag that has a drawstring closure.Don’t use acetone, bleach, ammonia or turpentine to clean copper. This can cause the stones to lose their luster in addition to eating away the enamel on any of the pieces.TIP! If you are shopping for sterling silver jewelry, you’ll need a magnet and an eye for the real thing. Imitations will be attracted to your magnet.Always keep your jewelry in a place that doesn’t experience extreme temperatures or humidities. To keep your jewelry properly protected, store it in a drawstring bag or jewelry box. Air and humidity will make the metals in jewelry tarnish. Precious metal jewelry can be polished to fix tarnish, but non-precious metals coated with a finish will never get back to their previous state.Sterling SilverTIP! Before you buy a new piece of jewelry, look at what the current trends are. The one thing that makes a great purchase an outstanding one is getting a bargain on it.To distinguish between real and fake, bring a magnet when you shop for sterling silver jewelry. You can detect fake sterling silver with the magnet, since non-precious metals are drawn to magnets. In addition, sterling silver pieces are always stamped with silver hallmarks indicating such factors as the degree of purity, the manufacturer’s symbol, and the date of manufacture. Some of the most common hallmarks are “925, “ster,” “sterling,” and “sterling silver.” If you cannot find a stamp, you might be looking at a cheap imitation.TIP! The cut, color and clarity of a diamond can make a bigger impression than size alone. The intended recipient’s personality should play a role in diamond selection, too.A good piece of jewelery can last you your whole life. Don’t buy jewelry from less than reputable stockists if you expect your pieces to be of the highest quality. You can tell when jewelry is of high quality, due to the excellent craftsmanship. A reputable jeweler will be able to provide you with a full background of the piece, including where the stones are from and who made it. If you select high-quality jewelry, it will last you forever.TIP! If you’re going swimming, make sure you take off your jewelery first. Chlorine is damaging to many types of metals that jewelry is made of.Pay attention to the type of metal they wear, such as white gold or yellow gold. Also notice if your loved one usually wears hoops or studs. Doing this will provide a good basis for where you should begin so that you can purchase a special piece for that special someone.Before purchasing a new pieces, look at the latest jewelry trends. Price a variety of similar items before buying an expensive piece.You should try and wear the jewelery once to see if it will hang on you right. This also helps you to see its durability.TIP! Unfortunately, if you are dead set on real gold jewelry, you will run into the problem of high prices. You can have gold pieces at a lower price by buying gold that contains fewer karats.Know how to keep your jewelry beautiful. Each type of stone, metal, and setting requires different type of care. What works well with one type of precious stone may actually harm another. When in doubt about the right way to maintain your jewelry, just ask a professional jeweler.TIP! You can make some extra cash from your gold jewelry without sacrificing the pieces. Instead, you can just trim off some excess chain and sell it, and keep the important part to wear.When buying jewelry for a one-of-a-kind person, buy them something equally unique. Look for something that fits their personality. Show your affection for the person by recognizing their unique qualities; put some thought into the purchase and be creative.TIP! Onyx jewelry or crystal really stands out. By being nicer to your wallet, you may get better results.Before purchasing a gemstone, find out if it has been treated, and if so, how. Depending on the type of treatment used, the piece will require varying types of care. You don’t want to clean them with a type of solution that could strip the treatment or damage the gem.TIP! One underrated but beautiful jewelry stone is Alexandrite. It displays a spectrum of color, from green to purple, depending on whether you are outdoors or indoors.Buy jewelry on sale whenever possible. Jewelry sales offer big savings. Go through magazines and websites to find the best deals. Keep an eye out for deep discounts on jewelry styles that are nearing the end of their popularity. The price is right for what is still a lovely piece of jewelry.TIP! A lot of people have begun to pair silver jewelry with yellow gold jewelry. However, you should wear jewelry that has both metals in one piece.There are a lot of different aspects to jewelry and jewelry appraisal. If you research your purchases properly, you can know that the jewelry you buy will last a lifetime. Welcome to the enchanting and dazzling world of jewelry! Use these guidelines as soon as possible to ensure that you get off to a good start.