We chat about TV, movies & all things pop culture. Our favorites: The Walking Dead, Supernatural, Games of Thrones, Modern Family, New Girl, The Mindy Project, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black.Hi everyone! We have so much to talk about this week, including an interview with Russell Crowe about his new film, 'The Water Diviner'. Hosts: Kitty & Mick. We also got new microphones, so tell us what you think!TV NEWS:American Horror Story: Hotel adds Evan Peters to the cast, The new Muppets show will be an "Office"-style mockumentary, Full House is coming back to Netflix and Grey's Anatomy kills off a major character.TV TALK:Nashville gets better, but there are so many things driving us crazy. We finally watched the "Empire" finale and we discuss how great "The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" is .MOVIE NEWS:We get our first look at Jared Leto as The Joker in the upcoming "Suicide Squad", We discuss the new "Jurassic World" trailer and the "50 Shades of Grey" sequel in the works.Mick also talks about meeting Russell Crowe on the red carpet premiere for his new film "The Water Diviner", and Kitty talks about meeting Kevin Bacon!Hello! so much to talk about in this week's episode. Here's a breakdown:TV News:American Horror Story: Hotel adds a new cast member, Orange is the New Black gets a fourth season, Sarah Jessica Parker is making her return to HBO, NBC revives its "Wizard of Oz" reboot, and we hear a little bit more about season six of "The Walking Dead". We also talk about some of the shows that are on "the bubble".TV Talk:We talk about what's annoying us on Nashville (we're looking at you, Maddie), what to expect in this season's Game of Thrones, how amazing iZombie is and "The Unbreakable Kimmie Schmidt". Kitty also talks about Supernatural because, of course.Movie News:Pitch Perfect 3 is happening, y'all! and STAR WARS. SO MUCH STAR WARS.We're back after a little hiatus. In TV News: Fear The Walking Dead, True Detective 2, Orange Is The New Black, American Horror Story Hotel, a new Muppet Show, Full House Series, Coach, Gracie & Frankie, Bloodline, The Wiz on NBC. In TV Talk: Empire, The Walking Dead, Last Man on Earth, Game of Thrones, iZombie & At Midnight. In Movie News: Wonder Woman leading man, X-Men Angel, Stephen Amell joining TMNT 2, Vacation sequel moved up and Han shoots first again. Hosts: Kitty & Mick. Follow us @AGalAndAGayIn this episode we chat about Planet Comic-Con in Kansas City, meeting Michael Rooker (The Walking Dead, Guardians of the Galaxy) and Cinderella.TV News: The Walking Dead companion series gets picked up for two seasons, True Blood alums get new series, Jane Lynch goes from a devil on Glee to an angel in her new series, Scream Queens trailer and Orange Is The New Black premiere date.In this episode we talk about Lady Gaga joining the cast of "American Horror Story: Hotel", casting for the "Supergirl" series, James Franco signs on for Stephen King's latest film adaptation, Jason Biggs not returning for the next season of OITNB, Ducktales making a comeback and could there be a possible 4th season of Happy Endings? We also share our thoughts on the "Parks & Rec" series finale, The Walking Dead and its problem with Daryl Dixon, and a Kansas City tie to "House of Cards".Kitty is off the grid for this episode, so Mick is in charge! So much TV news. In this episode we talk about Better Call Saul, Orphan Black Season 3, Game of Thrones: Season 5 gets a premiere date, Minority Report is coming to the small screen, as is the classic 80's movie "Adventures in Babysitting". We also talk about the soon-to-return Twin Peaks, and the character that used to freak Mick out as a kid. In movie news, Wicked could be moving to the silver screen, and G.I. Joe 3 is in the works. We also recap our thoughts on the Golden Globes and what we thought of ABC's musical comedy. "Galavant."We're back! Sorry we've been gone so long, you know...holidays and stuff. Anyway, in this episode we talk about all the tv shows and movies we watched over the winter break (Kitty watched a lot). In TV news, we talk about the final season of Parks & Rec, Orphan Black Season 3, American Idol, Gotham, Galavant, Downton Abbey, Once Upon A Time, The Comeback & Black Mirror. In movie news, Ant Man and Masters of the Universe! Mick talks about some awesome fan theories for popular movies out there, and Kitty talks about several movies she watched over the past month. Mick talks about a new song app and a couple of movies he watched. Also, Kitty talks about her newest obsession, Simpsons Tapped Out.