3rd Annual Blind Date with a Book GiveawayValentine’s Day. When most people hear that word (single people) we cringe, roll our eyes, get irritated, or cry, depending on how long we’ve been single. I’m NOT single but I still hate Valentine’s Day. I always have. You can call me Bah Humbug.Welllll, here at Great Imaginations, we have developed a fun way for our readers and book lovers to celebrate this holiday! And it’s our THIRD year doing it. It’s probably the most popular thing we DO here at Great Imaginations, so I look forward to it every year. Lyn wrote the first year’s post, Bekka wrote last year’s, but this year I thought I would take over since I’m such an upbeat, happy person. 😉 I also have a fun habit of rambling. What’s that? Get on with it? *middle finger* And now I am talking to myself.How does it work?Each of our book bachelors and bachelorettes have completed their Dating Profiles, including some of their hobbies and what they’re looking for in a potential reader! Once you’ve read through each profile, decide which mystery book you’d like to take out for a night on the town . . . or, you know, the couch (or the backseat of a Chevy Nova).There will be three winners chosen for this giveaway, and yes, it is international. To enter, fill out the Rafflecopter form below, and don’t forget to leave a comment telling us which book you’d choose. All books are 2015 releases. Some books may not be out yet, in which case we will purchase a pre-order for you.Your potential dates:Mystery book #1:Mystery book #2Mystery book #3Mystery book #4Mystery book #5Mystery book #6Mystery book #7Mystery book #8Mystery book #9Mystery book #10Mystery book #11Mystery book #12Again, there will be three winners. You may chose the format of your choice, if it’s available. Some of these titles are not yet released. If that’s the case, we will purchase a preorder for you!This contest is International!One email per household, please. We will check all entries and if you are found to be cheating you will be disqualified from this and any future giveaways on Great Imaginations. No giveaway Twitter accounts, please. We want to see you active on that account or we will disqualify you.Contest ends February 22nd at midnight. Good luck!Chenise J.I have no idea what the other books are and thus am scared to take a chance on them (WHAT IF THEY’RE BOOKS I DON’T WANT TO REEEEEAD?), but 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 I KNOW 7 I WANT A HOT NIGHT WITH 7 AGAIN. And I definitely did not just feel like that explanation of sex from friends just then.But yes, I’d choose book 7. The draft I read was fabulous and I only expect editing to have made it better!