The titles below are in release date order then by author's first name.No Barriers Moon & Ocean Bk 1 By Breeze Marturell Genre: Contemporary RomanceGay man, Straight woman Release Date: April 20, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazonSmashwords PJ is a proud member of the gay community of the city: Director of the District Art Gallery, self confident and possessive man. In the most casual way, he met Brigitte, a school teacher who enjoy the nightlife without concern.The unusual encounter will let them emotionally engaged. The initial attraction confuses PJ but it does not mean that he will give up. Brigitte knows that she is playing with fire and has high possibilities of being hurt. Her efforts to walk away from this relationship that only can give her frustration are useless. They have no alternative but to explore this attraction in the middle of a society that is not ready to accept them.In a city near the sea, in the middle of anonymity, arises this story about the complexity of an out-of-common relationship.A gay man. A straight woman. It is just absurd. But despite society, reason and even themselves, their love survives and remains almost intact across a journey of self knowledge, overcoming discrimination and, at the end, the evolution of their souls. They will discover that nothing is predetermined by the rules and that barriers are useless when an authentic feeling is burning their hearts.Note: English translation of Luna Mar: Amor Sin Barreras. Has Latin American phrasing and formatting.Purchase link(s): AmazonSmashwordsWinning Glory GenTech Rebellion Bk 1 By Ann Gimpel Genre: Romantic SuspenseMilitary, SciFi, Enhanced Humans Release Date: April 21, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesKoboB&NThe line between hunter and hunted thins, blurs, and finally shatters.Being a genetically altered human without a name grew old, so Glory named herself. Surrounded by a maze of unpleasant alternatives, she makes a bold choice and ends up a fugitive in the midst of a Minnesota winter. Once she’s on the run, she discovers how unprepared she is for life outside her protected compound.CIA agent, Roy Kincaid, devoted his career to hunting super humans who staged a rebellion seven years before. He’s not making much headway, so he goes deep undercover. One blustery night, a striking woman staggers into the café where he’s catching a late meal. Part waif, part runway model, the half-frozen woman arrows straight into his heart.Glory’s flat out of alternatives, but death in the storm might be preferable to telling the tall stranger looming over her anything. Sensing Roy is dangerous, she pushes into his head seeking clues and discovers he hunts those like her. Maybe she can fool him, just for tonight. Get a hot meal and dry motel room out of the deal. If she’s lucky, he’ll never find out she’s on the run from the same group he’s targeted for death.The thing she didn’t count on was falling in love.Series Backstory Sometime between the interminable wars in the Middle East and 9/11, the United States moved forward breeding a race of super humans. Clandestine labs formed, armed with eager scientists who’d always yearned to manipulate human DNA. At first the clones looked promising, growing to fighting size in as little as a dozen years, but V1 had design flaws.Seven years ago, a rogue group turned on their creators, blew up the lab, and hit all the other breeding farms, freeing whomever they could find. In the intervening time, they’ve retreated to hidden compounds and created a society run by men. Women are kept on a tight leash because the men fear if they discover their innate power, they’d launch their own rebellion.Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesKoboB&NMore Ann Gimpel on Cover RevealsBound to be Tempted Emergence Bk 4 By Becca Jameson Genre: Contemporary RomanceBDSM, Bondage, D/s Release Date: April 21, 2015 Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NIf they let the past control them…the future will never take hold. In the six months since Margaret Donovan broke up with her girlfriend, she has prowled Emergence, hoping to find a Dom to help her explore her bisexuality. The only man who’s caught her interest in all that time is the bouncer.He’s a firm Dom, and after all, it’s just a trial run. An experiment. He doesn’t need to know the details of the troubled past that makes her long to get over her aversion to being under anyone’s thumb.Carlton Fisher’s keen eye has been tracking Maggie, as well. She looks exactly like the childhood sweetheart who’s haunted him for over a decade, but she doesn’t need to know that. Two weeks’ instruction should get her over her hump, give her the confidence she needs to work with a Dom…and get her out of his system.Neither is prepared for the floodtide of explosive emotions. It’s cathartic and therapeutic, but if they can’t purge themselves of the pain of the past, their hearts could suffer irreparable damage.Warning: This book contains intense submission from established participants in the BDSM world. If nipple clamps, edging, public nudity, restraints, gags, blindfolds and flogging make you squeamish, move along!Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NVigilante Mine Relek City Bk 1 By Cera Daniels Genre: Paranormal RomancePolice Detective, Superhero, Psychic, Suspense, Telepathy, Dystopian Release Date: April 27, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesAll he wants is redemption. All she wants is him in cuffs.Internal Affairs be damned, Detective Amanda Werner's ditching protocol to hunt the vigilante whose bullet landed her on the bench. But this is no vendetta. Evidence suggests he's the zealot offing corrupt public officials--the same zealot who's promised to set the city ablaze by week's end--and she'll risk her career and her life to save her hometown. Too bad she can't find anything stronger than Kevlar to guard her heart against her primary suspect: a masked man with a telepathic German shepherd, unstable supernatural hearing, and lips that invite a whole different brand of investigation.All businessman Ryan McLelas, a.k.a. Klepto, wants is redemption. But even if Amanda could forgive his itchy trigger finger, Ryan still has to convince her that his alter ego's no serial killer. No small task, with syndicate-paid police officers turning up among the dead. He'd better keep his own syndicate ties close to his chest and Amanda even closer, because if Klepto is unmasked while he's hunting the real killer, their passionate affair could mark Amanda as the next dirty cop on the hit list.Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesTwisted LOST Bk 2 By Cynthia Eden Genre: Romantic SuspenseFBI Agent, Psychic, Bodyguard, Thriller, Contemporary Release Date: April 28, 2015 Purchase links: AmazoniTunesKoboB&NAn obsessed Last Option Search Team agent goes looking for trouble—and finds her in the Big Easy.Dean Bannon comes to New Orleans for one reason only: to track down a missing sixteen-year-old girl. That’s before he meets the drop-dead gorgeous con artist who makes him want to lose his legendary control.With her past, Emma Castille doesn’t claim to be psychic. She just notices things other people don’t. Like the fear in a runaway’s eyes—or the pain in an ex-FBI agent’s heart. Her chemistry with Dean is blistering, but Emma follows her passion… not someone else’s orders.Then a madman breaks into Emma’s home and leaves a twisted message: You’re next. Now Dean refuses to let her out of his sight until he pries every last secret from her full, sexy lips. And suddenly Emma’s aching to give him everything he wants.Purchase links: AmazoniTunesKoboB&NSweet Dreams A Sweet Life For Diabetes Box Set By Brenda Novak, Allison Brennan, Cynthia Eden, JT Ellison, Heather Graham, Liliana Hart, Alex Kava, CJ Lyons, Carla Neggers, Theresa Ragan, Erica Spindler, Jo Robertson, Tiffany Snow, Lee Child (Foreword) Genre: Romantic SuspenseThriller, Box set, Law enforcement, Special Agents Release Date: May 1, 2015 Purchase links: AmazoniTunesB&NThirteen new thrillers by bestselling authors to benefit diabetes research. Will be available only for a limited time.This fascinating limited edition collection features thirteen BRAND NEW thrillers by New York Times and USA Today Bestselling authors... Make a difference while you read! All proceeds from the sale of Sweet Dreams will be donated to the Diabetes Research Institute via Brenda Novak’s Online Auction for Diabetes Research.Featuring a foreword by #1 New York Times Bestselling Author Lee Child.When disgraced former cop Alex Morgan is shot saving the life of California's Lieutenant Governor, she doesn't expect to be caught in the middle of a deadly conspiracy, an FBI sting, an old rivalry ... and cold-blooded murder. AIM TO KILL by NYT bestselling author Allison Brennan.NYT bestselling author Cynthia Eden invites readers to enter a world of darkness and obsession in her new romantic suspense tale, UNTIL DEATH.From NYT bestselling author J.T. Ellison comes the long awaited prequel to her Taylor Jackson series. CROSSED, the story of a madman trying to create his own end-of-days apocalypse, introduces Lieutenant Taylor Jackson to the young, troubled FBI profiler Dr. John Baldwin.In CAFFERTY AND QUINN from NYT bestselling author Heather Graham, Michael Quinn is accustomed to dealing with the deadly, the dangerous, and the extreme—but a haunted spinning wheel? And on the even of his wedding? He’ll have to risk his life, limb and soul for love to save Danni Cafferty from the cursed creation if he’s ever to get them both to the church on time—and live.J.J. Graves and Jack Lawson investigate a ritualistic murder while on their honeymoon in DIRTY DEEDS by NYT bestselling author Liliana Hart.From NYT bestselling author Alex Kava comes the prequel readers have been waiting for, and the case that destined Special Agent Maggie O’Dell to a career of chasing killers.From NYT bestselling author CJ Lyons: When workaholic FBI Agent Lucy Guardino takes her daughter on vacation, the last thing she expects is to become embroiled in a murder—or for her teenaged daughter to play amateur sleuth with disastrous consequences.When her twin sister disappears, Ellen Galway enlists the help of a Texas Ranger in SECRET HIDEAWAY, a story of love, danger and revenge from NYT bestselling author Carla Neggers.HANOVER HOUSE, from NYT bestselling author Brenda Novak, features Evelyn Talbott, a psychiatrist who studies serial killers at a revolutionary new medical health center in remote Hilltop, Alaska. Evelyn’s determined to unlock the mysteries of the anti-social mind, even if it kills her—and being surrounded by men who feel no remorse means it just might…NYT bestselling author Theresa Ragan’s newest suspense, DEAD MAN RUNNING, is set in motion when an accused murderer escapes prison in a body bag and sets out to prove his innocence.From NYT bestselling author Erica Spindler comes the prequel to her exciting new series starring reformed southern belle turned kick ass cop, Michaela Dee Dare. In RANDOM ACTS, Micki must uncover the link between a series of bizarre and seemingly random murders in New Orleans.Someone is slaughtering homeless people in WITHOUT MALICE, Jo Robertson's latest suspense-thriller. It's personal to Parole Officer Marco Moser because the targets are his parolees. With no motive or murder weapon, but with help from prison doctor Frankie Jones, he must trace the brutal killings back to their tragic origin.This stunning limited edition collection features fourteen BRAND NEW contemporary romances by New York Times and USA Today Bestselling authors... You can make a difference while you read! All proceeds from the sale of Sweet Seduction will be donated to the Diabetes Research Institute via Brenda Novak’s Online Auction for Diabetes Research.Featuring a foreword and a bonus book by New York Times Bestselling Author Lisa Renee Jones.From New York Times bestselling Author Lexi Blake comes LUSCIOUS, a novella set in her Masters and Mercenaries world. When Macon Miles meets sweet waitress Alison Jones, he knows she’s trouble, but he can’t imagine how her secrets will rock his world.Sparks fly in Texas when a soldier comes home to the girl he left behind in New York Times bestselling author Mari Carr's WAITING FOR YOU.When Elisa Oliver received an anonymous note asking if she wanted to be taken away, she had no idea what her acceptance would mean. During the day she spent her nights working at Taylor Enterprises. But, by night she was a vixen completing tasks on a list for a man whose identity remained nameless. Then her day life and her night life meet and nothing will be the same again. THE LIST by New York Times bestselling author JS Cooper.New York Times bestselling author Nicole Edwards revisits Tag and McKenna, a power couple who have gone from infatuation to adoration in ADORED (Club Destiny #7.5).New York Times bestselling author Karen Erickson presents a brand new, very sexy contemporary romance about finding love in the most unexpected places...One invitation. One masquerade ball. Three hundred anonymous people. A thousand lies... It's a world entirely different from anything Tessa Stone ever knew existed. And so is he. MASQUERADE by New York Times bestselling author Emma Hart.When love is determined, it will always find a way. From New York Times bestselling author Megan Hart comes PERFECTLY RECKLESS, a new novel about love, lust, loss and rediscovery between two people who should never have fallen in love…or out of it.Spend some time with Nikki and Damien Stark in this sexy and sensual bonus story in J. Kenner’s STARK EVER AFTER series of novellas.When Random Acts of Crazy's bass player, Joe Ross, gets injured in an unfortunate sex act that gains nationwide coverage, it's tatted-up Tyler (aka "Frown") to the rescue for their first big concert. THE RANDOM TOUR: LOS ANGELES by New York Times bestselling author Julia Kent.With INDECISION, Elisabeth Grace brings you another hot story with heart that follows a small town's wild child and the police officer who tries to tame her--he has no idea what he's in for.From New York Times bestselling author Lauren Hawkeye comes THE BILLIONAIRE YOU KNOW, the newest tale in her bestselling Billionaire Brothers series.SPLINTER by Nina Lane is a spicy hot new story from the New York Times bestselling author of the Spiral of Bliss trilogy.From New York Times bestselling author Roni Loren comes WANDERLUST, the story of a magazine writer who needs to land the big story and the bad boy rockstar who’s determined to protect his band’s secrets. His plan? Get her off her game by getting her into his bed.This heart-warming, limited edition collection features ten BRAND NEW contemporary romances by New York Times and USA Today bestselling authors... You can make a difference while you read! All proceeds from the sale of SWEET TALK will be donated to the Diabetes Research Institute via Brenda Novak’s Online Auction for Diabetes Research.Featuring a foreword by #1 NYT Bestselling Author Robyn Carr and a bonus story, the Brenda Novak classic, WHEN WE TOUCH, which kicks off her popular small-town contemporary Whiskey Creek series.In this new tale from NYT bestselling author Melody Anne, Liam Felton had it all, or thought he did. That was until he lost his best friend and brother in arms all in one day. Then his life forever changes when his best friend's will is read and Liam discovers that he now has a child to raise.When behind-the-scenes sports analyst Jackson Gray is assigned the task of teaching the ins and outs of college and pro football to the network’s newest on-camera beauty, sideline reporter Leila Hart, the last thing he expects is to become the one getting schooled—in lessons in love, that is—from a woman who clearly knows way more about sports than she lets on. JACKSON’S TRUST by NYT bestselling author Violet Duke.From New York Times bestselling author Melissa Foster comes a new, sweet and sexy wedding romance, PROMISE MY LOVE, the follow-up novella to DESTINED FOR LOVE (The Bradens).NYT bestselling author Gina L. Maxwell introduces her new military series with Macen "Mace" Barnett, ex-Navy SEAL and leader of the rebel G.H.O.S.T. Group in DEADLY OBSESSION. Going undercover as a stunt double, Mace works to catch the psycho stalking his brother's co-star, Ashlynn, while she works to prove that Mace's heart isn't dead after all.From NYT bestselling author Linda Lael Miller we have a heart-pounding tale of unrequited love come to fruition in INTERLUDE, the story of a woman holding out for the man she’s never forgotten--the sexy cowboy she’s always loved.#1 NYT bestselling author Sherryl Woods takes readers back to her beloved Chesapeake Shores for the story of a woman stuck in a dead-end job who discovers it's never too late for a whole new dream.In the latest romance from NYT bestselling author Steena Holmes, Charlie Peters knew running away wasn’t the right thing to do, especially from her fiancé, but with her sister in the hospital, now seemed like the perfect time. And it wasn’t just him she was running away from, but the promise of the life they could have together. She wasn’t meant for happily-ever-afters, even though Marcus was her Prince Charming.From bestselling author Rosalind James comes JUST IN TIME, a novel about a woman who doesn’t believe in love, and a New Zealand rugby player out to prove her wrong.Rita Award winning author Molly O'Keefe writes a heart-warming story of two friends who find love where they least expect it in A DATE FOR A CHRISTMAS WEDDING.Join USA Today bestselling author Nancy Naigle in SAND DOLLAR COVE, where a determined shop owner faces the loss of her family’s business, and has the mayor making tough choices between what’s best for the town and what might win the heart of the woman he’s secretly loved from afar. Purchase links: AmazoniTunesB&NWind Born Elemental Coven Bk 1 By Cherie Nicholls Genre: Paranormal RomanceShifters, Humor, Magic, Witches, Lions, Fantasy Release Date: May 7, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazonKing of the best-friend zone? Yeah, some god must really be laughing his ass off right now.Luka Barend is an alpha lion shifter, member of the Shifter Council, teacher, and big brother. He's also stuck firmly in the “friend zone.” In point of fact he is King of the Best Friend zone. Sometimes it really sucks to be him.Aura Vietor is a High Priestess, an air elemental witch, and a woman who really, really wants Luka to realize that his best friend is actually a woman, with needs. Many, many dirty needs. Stupid blind lion shifter!Purchase link(s): AmazonMore Cherie Nicholls on Cover RevealsTo Tame the Wind Agents of the Crown prequel By Regan Walker Genre: Historical RomancePirates, High seas, Action, Adventure, Spies, Regency, 18th century, American Revolution Release Date: May 9, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazonParis 1782…An Innocent Is Taken All Claire Donet knew was the world inside the convent walls in Saint-Denis. She had no idea her beloved papa was a pirate. But when he seized Simon Powell's schooner, the English privateer decided to take the one thing his enemy held most dear... her.A Battle Is Joined The waters between France and England roil with the clashes of Claire's father and her captor as the last year of the American Revolution rages on the sea, spies lurk in Paris and Claire’s passion for the English captain rises.Purchase link(s): AmazonMore Regan Walker on Cover RevealsWhen Darkness Ends Guardians of Eternity Bk 12 By Alexandra Ivy Genre: Paranormal RomanceVampires, Fae, Fairies, Fantasy Release Date: May 26, 2015 Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NThe Guardians of Eternity are facing a final battle to save their world—but battles of the heart may be the most difficult to fight…Cyn, the vampire clan chief of Ireland, is an unabashed hedonist whose beauty is surpassed only by his insatiable appetite for pleasure. It’s no wonder he’s furious when he’s transported from the magical land of the pureblooded feys to his desolate private lair—only to have his very existence thrown into a chaos that even he cannot charm his way out of…Most women may be all but powerless against Cyn, but Fallon, a sharp-witted fairy princess, is less than beguiled by the silver-tongued vampire. She’s a serious soul with no time for the sort of games he plays—especially when they learn that someone is trying to close the veil that separates the dimensions. But seduction may prove the most powerful force of all, as attraction ignites between the unlikely pair even as worlds are colliding around them…Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NBengal's Quest Breeds Bk 29 By Lora Leigh Genre: Paranormal RomanceHybrid Humans Release Date: June 2, 2015 Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NTwo Breeds united by animal desires, find it’s vengeance that stirs the mating heat… He was a shadow, ever shifting and insinuating, able to blend in everywhere and anywhere.The elusive ideal conceived and created by the Genetics Council, he went by just as many names as he had identities—the last one being Gideon. Now calling himself Graeme, he hides in plain sight, terrifyingly close to his goal. A rogue Bengal Breed, he has loyalties to no one but himself. And he has a need for vengeance that surges hot and swift through his veins.Graeme plans to exact an extreme and ruthless vendetta against those who wronged him—Breed and human alike. All will suffer his wrath: those who created him, those who pretended to love him, and those who betrayed him.That includes the one at the center of it all: a seductive, enigmatic woman helpless against the man whose desire is just as desperate as his need to destroy.And he’s on her scent…Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NHard to Let Go Hard Ink Bk 4 By Laura Kaye Genre: Romantic SuspenseMilitary, Contemporary, Tattoos Release Date: June 30, 2015 Purchase links: AmazoniTunesKoboB&N Beckett Murda hates to dwell on the past. But his investigation into the ambush that killed half his Special Forces team and ended his Army career gives him little choice. Just when his team learns how powerful their enemies are, hard-ass Beckett encounters his biggest complication yet—a seductive, feisty Katherine Rixey.A tough, stubborn prosecutor, Kat visits her brothers’ Hard Ink Tattoo shop following a bad break-up—and finds herself staring down the barrel of a stranger’s gun. Beckett is hard-bodied and sexy as hell, but he’s also the most infuriating man ever. Worse, Kat’s brothers are at war with the criminals her office is investigating. When Kat joins the fight, she lands straight in Beckett’s sights . . . and in his arms. Not to mention their enemies’ crosshairs.Now Beckett and Kat must set aside their differences to work together, because the only thing sweeter than justice is finding love and never letting go.Purchase links: AmazoniTunesKoboB&NThe Hotter You Burn Original Heartbreakers Bk 2 By Gena Showalter Genre: Contemporary RomanceNot-quite-reformed bad boy, Millionaire playboy Release Date: July 28, 2015 Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NAn irresistible charmer about to meet his match...Beck Ockley lives by a single rule: one and done. The millionaire playboy knows the pain of loss and will do anything to avoid another. He moved to the small town of Strawberry Valley, Oklahoma, expecting more of the same—time with the only two friends he trusts, work...and lots of pleasure. What he never could have predicted was that a vulnerable Southern beauty would sneak past his defenses.Harlow Glass is determined to rebuild her life. The reformed bully has lost everyone and thing she loved, and paid the ultimate price for her checkered past. Now she wants commitment, the only thing Beck refuses to give. As their chemistry blazes white- hot, he’ll either have to break her heart...or surrender his own.Purchase links: AmazonKoboB&NThe Veil Devil's Isle Bk 1 By Chloe Neill Genre: Paranormal FantasyNOLA, Paranormal abilities, Supernaturals Release Date: August 4, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesKoboB&NSeven years ago, the Veil that separates us from what lies beyond was torn apart, and New Orleans was engulfed in a supernatural war. Now, those with paranormal powers have been confined in a walled community that humans call the District. Those who live there call it Devil’s Isle.Claire Connolly is a good girl with a dangerous secret: she’s a Sensitive, a human endowed with magic that seeped through the Veil. Claire knows that revealing her skills would mean being confined to Devil’s Isle. Unfortunately, hiding her power has left her untrained and unfocused…Liam Quinn knows from experience that magic makes monsters of the weak, and he has no time for a Sensitive with no control of her own strength. But when he sees Claire using her powers to save a human under attack — in full view of the French Quarter — Liam decides to bring her to Devil’s Isle and the teacher she needs—even though getting her out of his way isn’t the same as keeping her out of his head.But when the Veil threatens to shatter completely, Claire and Liam must work together to stop it, or else New Orleans will burn…Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesKoboB&NMagic Shifts Kate Daniels Bk 8 By Ilona Andrews Genre: Urban FantasyShifters, Mercenaries, Atlanta Release Date: August 4, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesKoboB&NMagic is coming and going in waves in post-Shift Atlanta—and each crest leaves danger in its wake…After breaking from life with the Pack, mercenary Kate Daniels and her mate—former Beast Lord Curran Lennart—are adjusting to a very different pace. While they’re thrilled to escape all the infighting, Curran misses the constant challenges of leading the shapeshifters.So when the Pack offers him its stake in the Mercenary Guild, Curran seizes the opportunity—too bad the Guild wants nothing to do with him and Kate. Luckily, as a veteran merc, Kate can take over any of the Guild’s unfinished jobs in order to bring in money and build their reputation. But what Kate and Curran don’t realize is that the odd jobs they’ve been working are all connected.An ancient enemy has arisen, and Kate and Curran are the only ones who can stop it—before it takes their city apart piece by piece…Purchase link(s): AmazoniTunesKoboB&NHard As Steel Hard Ink Bk 4.5 1001 Dark Nights By Laura Kaye Genre: Contemporary RomanceMilitary, Motorcycle Club Release Date: September 22, 2015 Purchase link(s): AmazonA Hard Ink/Raven Riders MC Crossover Novella After identifying her employer's dangerous enemies, Jessica Jakes takes refuge at the compound of the Raven Riders Motorcycle Club. Fellow Hard Ink tattooist and Raven leader Ike Young promises to keep Jess safe for as long as it takes, which would be perfect if his close, personal, round-the-clock protection didn't make it so hard to hide just how much she wants him--and always has.Ike Young loved and lost a woman in trouble once before. The last thing he needs is alone time with the sexiest and feistiest woman he's ever known, one he's purposely kept at a distance for years. Now, Ike's not sure he can keep his hands or his heart to himself--or that he even wants to anymore. And that means he has to do whatever it takes to hold on to Jess forever.Purchase link(s): Amazon Want to see previous Coming Soon titles? See the them here.Authors, see our Author Services page to learn how you can have your future releases featured on this page.Tell your friends & followersWARNING! R Rated BlogWARNING! This is an R Rated Blog! Material on this site may not be suitable for those under eighteen (18). If you are not eighteen, please leave. By continuing to view the material on this site, you are acknowledging you are at least 18 years old or the age of consent in your country.