PagesWednesday, 29 April 2015It always makes me happy and comforted to know that Emily has a good relationship with her daddy, I love watching them bond and play together. I love knowing that no matter what life throws at her, she will always have one man in her life who she can rely on. One man that will never let her down, who will tell her awful jokes, and do anything to see her smile. That is one of the most important things for me. I never had a great relationship with my father, and my grandfather kindly stepped in and became my father figure. Sadly when he passed, it hit me hard, but it has taught me so much, including how important it is to have a positive male figure in your life, so it is important to me that Emily and her daddy have a good relationship. I need not worry though, over the past few months it has become apparent that Emily loves her daddy..Daddy loves Emily, And Emily Loves daddy.Emily has become a complete Daddy's girl at the moment, they have their own little games, which Emily giggles and happily goes along with. If I tried to play these games with her she just looks at me like I'm mad. Daddy does bath time, and it is their bonding time. It's lovely that they have that time set aside for just each other, and it's nice to know that Sam does it because he wants to, not because he is forced into it. I always thought I would be kind of jealous in a sence, because I am quite an insecure person. However I never feel this way. It's reassuring to know she has someone else other than me who she can get cuddles, attention and unconditional love. I know that Emily is just as much Sam's daughter as she is mine, but I used to wonder if she would have a better bond with me, because I am with her 24/7, but that isn't the case at all. I feel blessed to have them both in my life, and I can't wait to carry on watching there relationship blossom.Monday, 27 April 2015Following my diary entry last week, I just wanted to give you a little update from last week. If you didn't read the post you can find it here. To my surprise Emily has been sleeping from 8 till 8! It has been such a shock to go from her waking up during the night, and screaming when we put her down to sleep. It has been so nice to be able to spend the time in the evening with Sam, I feel like we missed out on each other but now it feels like we have time for each other again. Thank you barney blackout! I'm just looking into getting some for my room now.Dunelm are the UK's No.1 home ware retailer, they are currently running the disruptive campaign featuring the Dunelm sleep experts, The #TeamSleepSheep - These are four sheep characters who aim to help the nation get a better night's sleep. Aunty Ali, Rory Foam, Theo Thermal, and Barney Blackout Visit you in the twilight if you aren't getting your best nights sleep to give you some much needed advise. This way when you wake up in the morning, you'll know what to do and head to your Dunelm store. If you haven't seen the adverts you can take a look here. You can also follow there updates on Twitter.I fell in love with the gorgeous design of the up and away bedding collection, When I saw it I just knew it would look perfect in Emily's bedroom. Dunelm kindly sent Emily the black out curtains, you can see the post here, and also the matching bedding. The quality of the material is amazing, it is soft and feels very comfortable. It also looks so cute, and I love the fact that Emily has a matching set now.We brought the little sleepers cot bed duvet to go with the bedding set. I know that this bedding comes with a age warning of 12+ months, but Emily is used to the duvet in our bed because she used to co-sleep. She really wasn't settling in her own room, I tried sleep bags, and even a coverlet. She wasn't having any of it. So this seemed to be the next best thing. I tuck majority of it under her mattress at the bottom. The little sleepers duvet has the British Allergy Foundation seal of approval. The polycotton duvet cover will reduce common allergic reactions and repels dust mites. This will make for a cleaner, fresher bedding. This duvet is the perfect tog at 4.0, It will keep your child warm without being too thick. It is also the perfect duvet to accompany the bedding set. Emily absolutely loves cuddling into it at night.Since having the bedding set she has slept so much better. She loves her black out curtains, and the early morning wake up calls are no longer a problem, which is a relief. The bedding has really helped because she loves holding onto the duvet when she sleeps. Emily has always had a pillow due to her reflux she needs to be slightly elevated, and can't sleep without it. As you can tell from the top picture, she loves sitting on the bed playing with the house pattern. She traces around the house design with her fingers, and she seems to find it funny. I would definitely recommend the up and away set, we are buying the little house rug for Emily to go in her bedroom.Saturday, 25 April 2015These posts have honestly become my favourite. Today we went out shopping for a dress for a wedding next weekend. I found a beautiful pink lace dress. It looks lovely, you will have to come back next week to see it. By the way, Emily has her first tooth! It's broke through her gums, and I only found out because she bit me. She has been good as gold, now grouchy baby. I can't believe it. I must be lucky!As you can see, Emily didn't like the idea of staying still for a picture. It is getting harder to get a nice picture of her, cue 102 pictures and 1 nice one. Does anyone else do that? I have a full review of Emily's gorgeous shoes and bib coming up.Jeggings: Matalan | Polo shirt: Next | Hoodie: NextEmily and Daddy both ended up wearing polo shirts today, It was so cute, they we're twinning. Although Sam didn't find it that cute. I think this little outfit makes her look older but its so cute!Friday, 24 April 2015I haven't actually got Emily weighed since her last monthly update. We are going next week, so I will be sure to update you. Although we don't have any concerns about her weight, she is eating plenty.We are still in size 4 nappies. Emily has gone into 6-9 clothes now, however she can still wear 3-6 tops. She just seems to have shot up, her 6-9 leggings are even a little too short. Personally I think she is going to be pretty tall like her daddy.Emily can pull herself from laying down to sitting up. She can also pull herself from sitting to standing using the sofa, foot stool or her Vtech first steps walker.Emily's vocabulary is growing at a rapid rate. She now says, Mumma, Mum, Dadda, Baba, Hi and Nana. I did have a few people say Emily doesn't understand what she is saying, but if I leave the room she will say mumma, she calls Sam dadda, and she has never once muddled it up. We both left the room at the same time the other day, I went into the kitchen, and Sam to the bedroom, the next thing we heard was Emily crying and she said 'Mumma, Dadda' and then carried on crying. Obviously we both went back to her, I mean come on, it was cute.Emily has her first tooth!! I can't even get over this! My baby seems more and more grown up everyday. I didn't even realise that she had her first tooth. It had broken threw until she bit me. She hasn't even made fuss.Bath time is Emily's absolute favourite, although I am having concerns as she is now trying to climb out of her bath seat.Emily is still loving her food, although we have started introducing more BLW style meals, she really enjoys anything pasta based. She loves jam sandwiches, and wotsits. Ella's kitchen puffets seem to be a new found favourite too.Emily is still loving In the night garden, she now has all the characters in the soft toys which she loves.We made sensory bottles this week, and they have become her favourite thing, she loves to bang things around.Emily can now crawl backwards, she also dives from the sitting position into laying down, and pulls herself along by her arms with her bum in the air. It is so cute!Emily is now in her own bedroom, I have a bedroom tour coming up soon. Be sure to look out for that.Emily raises her hands when she wants picking up.She now cuddles into you when your giving her a cuddle.She has mastered how to spin the seat around in her jumperoo.She can now put her dummy in her mouth by herself, she loves pulling it out so it makes a 'Pop' sort of sound, she then puts it back in and does it again.She absolutely loves mirrors, she has realized there is someone looking back at her and tries to kiss them.Emily will now wave at you, she wont do it on demand though, but we are working on that.Emily is now sleeping through the night! Yay! She is also having two naps during the day, which are usually 45 minutes. One at half 11 and the second at half 3.The only problem I seem to have when Emily is napping is she will constantly roll, which means she ends up at the top or bottom of her cot with her face pressed against it. Then cries, I move her and she goes back to sleep straight away.Depression is hard, it is one thing I feel like I have been at constant battles with throughout my life. I was doing so good up until now, and I really hope that this is just a blip. All it takes is one thing to throw a stone in the river of calm, and that's it. Months of work undone, the sleepless nights come back, the loneliness, the never ending mood swings and the tears that wont stop falling. It's like a ripples from a stone, they seem to go on forever. Tonight I ended up snapping at Sam, my one constant support, my rock, and the one person I find myself taking for granted the most. It's hard when you love someone, when you know that no matter how much you push them away they will still be there. You would think you stop pushing but you don't. I wish I could. I wish I could explain it but I can't it just hurts, its numb, how can I possibly explain something that I don't even understand myself.It's 1am, and I've spent the last hour sitting on the floor in Emily's bedroom next to her cot watching her sleep, Why? Because I'm so frightened, I'm scared I will loose her, that I will disappoint her, or fail her. She has been such a good, and positive thing in my life. I would never take her for granted, and I know that no one could love her as much as I do. However there seems to be this niggling doubt in my mind, doubt I'm not good enough for her, and some one else could do a better job than me. Now don't get me wrong. I DO NOT WANT THAT. I want her by my side forever, I love her unconditionally, and I want build memories with her, but I really don't want to let her down. I have so many reasons to be happy, and yet still the depression wins. It's like a never ending battle, one I feel like I am never going to win. I have to win it though, I don't want Emily growing up remembering that her mummy was sad. I have so much to be happy for."I could stay awake, just to here you breathing, watch you smile while you are sleeping, while your far away and dreaming. I could spend my life, in this sweet surrender. I could stay lost in this moment, forever. Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure, I don't want to close my eyes, I don't want to fall asleep because I miss you baby, and I don't want to miss a thing."I feel lonely, and depressed but then that leads me to feeling like I am being ungrateful. I went through so much to get Emily, I had losses, I had a terrible pregnancy, and a not so straight forward labour. I missed the first hour or so of her life and I don't want to miss anymore. That's why It is bugging me so much. I am missing stuff while I'm spending my days feeling depressed. Today I have no motivation, I went through the motions and followed the routine because that was the easy thing to do. I laughed and played with Emily, but in my mind I knew I wasn't ok. I know I am strong enough to beat this, to pull myself out of a slump, but It is so hard. I feel as if I am a prisoner of my own mind, and keeping all these thoughts and feelings inside is making it worse. So yes I am rambling, because I decided the best way to get over this, was to write it and let all of those feelings go.The problem is, I am good for a while, I talk more, laugh more, sleep and eat normally. Then something happens when I least expect it, It's like a switch turns off somewhere and all I am left with is the darkness in my mind. Each time it seems like I sink deeper and deeper. I am scared, terrified that I wont make it back up. I feel like I am grasping for air, screaming for help but everyone just looks at me with confused faces. Wondering what I am struggling over, when they're all doing just fine, and it makes me feel like I'm crazy. The thing is, I need to remember there has been a shift, a change of direction. I had a baby girl. A healthy, happy baby girl, who has become the light of my life. It doesn't matter how much that darkness tries to take over, I will always have my light, and that's her. I have a reason to keep going, a reason to fight, and boy I am good at fighting. I know I will be ok, I have to be, I'm a mother, and that's a hell of a lot stronger and more important than being a depressed, scared, lonely person.Wednesday, 22 April 2015This weekend we attended our local baby & toddler show, I had pretty high hopes because even though I live here I am completely oblivious to what is around me. I was not disappointed at all, I found some lovely brands, and met some lovely people who run baby groups. As you may know if you are regular readers, I always shy away from baby groups, or group situations in general because of my anxiety, Luckily with my friend Lorraine (From babyypebbles) in tow I was absolutely fine. At first I was really nervous, but I soon got over that and I think this was mainly down to the fact I had Lorraine with me. She was my support, I know she suffers from anxiety too, so it was nice that I didn't have to explain it she just got it. It has made me realize how far I have come, and that in the future I will be able to take Emily to baby groups by myself.The show was being held at Bedford athletic stadium, It began at 10am till 4pm, I wanted to get there when the doors opened, just because I wanted to get the full days experience, and I know me and Lorraine combined can talk for England, so we would probably need all day! As we entered we were greeted by very welcoming staff, and received a lovely goody bag. It mainly contained leaflets which is really handy for me, I'm quite a forgetful person, so it is always nice to be able to look back and take everything in when your in the comfort of your own home. It also contained some goodies for Emily, a children's hardback book, Oraganix strawberry porridge sample, and a Ella's kitchen fruit pouch.I was pleasantly surprised at how many people attended the event, the sports hall was absolutely huge, and it was packed. Each company had there own table which was filled with different things, information and products to purchase. When we first arrived I felt a little overwhelmed so we decided to have a little walk around so we could get a real feel for what was there. I really wish that there was something like this when I was pregnant, because it was full of useful information. We also met a absolutely lovely lady called Pat from gentle birthing. She is a retired midwife, and is now a experienced hypnobirthing teacher and Doula. I would of loved to know about Doula's while I was pregnant, because I feel like she would have been able to calm me down when I was going through the rough stages of my pregnancy. This would have made the whole experience more enjoyable for me, If I ever had another baby, I would definitely be giving her a call.Once we started wondering around it dawned on me just how much there was to do, there was lots of fun things to keep the children young and older entertained too. There was a bouncy castle, a soft play area, and kiddi caru day nursery even brought along some treasure baskets, which Emily and Penny absolutely loved. There was also refreshments and snacks available, and a good amount of seating, we did have to pit stop a few times due to hungry babies, but we never actually had to battle to find seating, there was always something available which is amazing!Once we had a little look around, we decided to talk to some companies, we actually managed to speak to everyone who was at the show. I honestly don't know how we managed to speak to everyone, by the time we finished we were absolutely shattered. Everyone we spoke to were so polite and lovely, they were happy to explain what they were all about and equally cared and listened to what I had to say. I can't list absolutely everyone I spoke to else we will literally be here for days, but I will mention a few that really stuck out for me, and I think they will interest you too.Fingerprint jewelleryFingerprint jewellery is run by the lovely Tina, its handcrafted gifts in solid sterling silver, the centrepiece is your own unique fingerprint, hand or footprint, handwriting, artwork and ever pet prints! There is a range of different things to choose from. cufflinks to keyrings or charm bracelets to necklaces.Adrian Bullers photographyAdrian is one of the leading maternity, newborn and baby photographers in Bedford. He has won awards for his creative artwork, I really wish I knew about Adrian when I was pregnant. I would have loved to get a maternity to newborn photoshoot. Adrian was lovely to talk to and I'm sure that he would put his clients at ease while photographing them. Fairies 'n' FrogsFairies 'n' Frogs is a award winning, family run traditional toy shop. It is based in the centre of ampthill. If your from bedford you will know we have a shortage of toy shops. So it is lovely to find another. I brought a gorgeous wooden train for Emily, and I'm looking forward to visiting the shop to purchase more bits a pieces for Emily. Luan the proud owner of the shop, could not be more helpful and kind hearted, it was really refreshing to find a old fashioned type toy shop. Keepsakes from my sewing roomGemma was so approachable and lovely to talk to, she creates beautiful keepsakes from bears to cushions and even patch work quilts. Do you want to know the best bit? She makes them out of your babies clothes, I currently have a whole stack of baby clothes, that hold some type of importance to me. For example the first baby grow Emily ever wore, It would be lovely to get some of these made into a teddy or cushion for Emily to treasure forever. After seeing Gemma's product on show on Sunday I cannot recommend her enough, it is clear to see she absolutely loves what she does, and there is so much effort, love and attention in each of her creations. Be sure to go and have a look at her website.Baby bondBabybond were show casing at the baby show. I've previously had 2 scans by them, a gender scan (you can read my experience here), and a 4D scan (you can read my experience here). I cannot recommend them enough. Baby collegeRun by Tiffiny baby college is a parent and baby/toddler development class, they off a multi-sensory progressive program which is tailored to your child's age and runs alongside your child's development. Me and Lorraine are attending a baby college session next week and we are super excited, so be sure to look out for the blog post on that!Safari MKI tend to shop a lot in Milton keynes, and is actually where me and Lorraine met for the first time. We both wanted to take the girls to a soft play type establishment, but we couldn't find one so we settled for shopping. However at the baby show we were introduced to Safari MK, it is a unique soft play and children's party venue. we both can't wait to take the girls here!Tiny toadstool creationsThis is one of the tables that stood out for me the most, I absolutely fell in love with the handmade designs that were on offer. Each item is designed to tailor what you require, they create bumpers, quilts, curtain tie backs, nappy stackers and a whole host of other things. I fell in love with the individual bumper bars that they had created. I've never seen these before but will definately be purchasing these for Emily because she recently decided her bumper was a good thing to play with and got it wrapped around her neck.The KilnBased in Bedford, The kiln specializes in making beautiful memories for parents. They capture your child's hands and footprints on ceramic, plaster, clay and even silver jewellery. I have always walked past the shop and wondered what it was like, I've always said to myself I will go and have a look but never quite made it. It was lovely to meet the brains behind the business and find out how it all worked. I'm definitely going to be popping in soon to get Emily's hand prints done.Kalikraftkalikraft is a small local business that produces handmade jewellery, hand stamped items and other beaded accessories. Each piece is made to order. Kalikraft can also make personalised coasters which is one of the main things I got excited about. I am always on the look out for cute unique items that I can use for gifts, especially for Emily's grandparents. You can choose your picture, then email it over and then Kirstin prints it on to coasters.Sleep-baby-sleepTina attended the baby show too, she is a specialist night maternity nurse and a baby sleep consultant. Although luckily I don't have problems with Emily's sleep now, she has become such a good sleep in the past couple of weeks, she gave Lorraine some really good advise.Mia TuiMia Tui is a brand that I had never heard of before the baby show. Mia Tui was created by Charlotte, a mother of two. She created a stylish yet practical bag, which is affordable. I fell in love with the Ella bag at the show, There was plenty of space for all of the bits I needed. It also has a insulated bottle holder which was my favourite feature. I am definitely looking into getting one of these for myself. I also love how it has buggy straps, making it clip on to the buggy really easily. Body BlanketBody blanket is a little unique product I found and loved while at the baby show. It allows you to do hands free swaddling. It is a registered design, so at the moment you can only purchase it directly from Sharon the designer. I have a full review of the product coming up, so be sure to keep a look out for it!There was also demonstrations running throughout the day,and a character meet and greet. Emily got to meet Minnie mouse, but she really wasn't impressed! All in all I had a absolutely lovely day, with my best friend. Found some amazing brands and products I didn't know existed, which I'm sure will end up costing me money in the very near future as I have seen quite a few things I want to purchase. I would definitely recommend attending your local baby show. Personally I feel it is important to support local businesses, and they are usually the ones who care more about the product they are providing. I would definitely attend the show again.Monday, 20 April 2015As many of you may have read, Emily 's bedroom is finally decorated, has a carpet and is ready for use. We have hit a massive milestone, Emily has moved into her own bedroom. I honestly didn't believe it would be this difficult having her in a different room, my baby is all grown up, sob. Emily and me used to co-sleep, I genuinely believed that when she is ready the transition into her own cot would be smooth and easy. Boy was I wrong. Emily would sleep in our bed all night long, but as soon as you put her in her own cot she would literally wake up every ten to fifteen minutes. Now she has moved into her own bedroom, she does seem to be settling a little bit. Although she is now waking up maybe 3-4 times a night, I wouldn't mind if there was a reason, but there doesn't seem to be. She doesn't want a dummy, or a bottle, or even me most nights. She just looks at me, then drifts back off. While I am genuinely grateful that she isn't screaming down the house, it is still a little frustrating having to get out of bed just so she can see me. Something's got to give right?Dunelm are the UK's No.1 home ware retailer, they are currently running the disruptive campaign featuring the Dunelm sleep experts, The #TeamSleepSheep - These are four sheep characters who aim to help the nation get a better night's sleep. Aunty Ali, Rory Foam, Theo Thermal, and Barney Blackout Visit you in the twilight if you aren't getting your best nights sleep to give you some much needed advise. This way when you wake up in the morning, you'll know what to do and head to your Dunelm store. If you haven't seen the adverts you can take a look here. You can also follow there updates on Twitter.Emily with her #TeamSleepSheepBarney Blackout paid a little visit to Emily, with British summer time in full swing, meaning our clocks went forward a hour. This means we now have lighter evenings, and Emily doesn't want to go to sleep. I wasn't sure if it was the light, or the fact she is in a new bedroom, but by this point I was willing to try anything out! Dunelm kindly sent a pair of blackout curtains from the up and away collection for Emily to try out. They are really reasonably prices with a RRP of £49.99 which I think is brilliant considering the quality of the curtains, and I would personally purchase them myself. I love the look of these curtains, they have such a gorgeous design. They are pink, and have a little bit of floral in them, perfect! The other great thing about the black out curtains is, they not only keep the light out, but they block out sound. This is brilliant considering we live by a main road and it can get a little noisy. I put them up on Friday night, I wasn't really to hopeful, because like I said Emily has just moved into her own bedroom. Honestly they made such a difference. While I was putting them up, I couldn't believe how much more light they blocked out compared to her old curtains. It has definitely improved her day time naps too.Black out curtains on the Left, Emily's old curtains on the right.(Please excuse the creases, my iron broke, I'm collecting a new one on Tuesday, I can't wait to iron them!)To my surprise, Emily went down for her sleep as usual at 8pm, I know that seems a little late, but with the clock change, we are tackling one thing at a time. She then slept all the way from 8pm till 8.30am! She woke up once, because she lost her dummy, but went straight back off. I was so shocked I actually picked up her baby monitor and checked it to see if it was broken or not. Does anyone else do this, or is it just me? Shockingly it wasn't and she was fast asleep. I really think the curtains made such a difference, it made her room darker, and there was no confusion to the fact it was bedtime. Thank you Barney for helping us out with our sleeping troubles! I'm really hoping that this is it, and she carry's on sleeping through the night, I'm not fussed if she wakes up once, or twice, but it is nice not to be up and down all night!UPDATE: We have now been reviewing the curtains for about 3 nights, and it is safe to say, Emily's sleep has definitely improved. She doesn't wake up crying, and she goes down so much easier. They also look amazing, which is definitely a plus for me.*I wasn't paid for this post. I received the item for the review purposes. However all opinions are completely my own.*