The Girl In The Yellow CoatA man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh. — Genesis 2:24It was her yellow raincoat that caught my attention, and quickly I became increasingly interested in this cute freshman with long, brown hair. Soon I worked up my courage, interrupted Sue as she walked along reading a letter from a guy back home, and awkwardly asked her for a date. To my surprise, she said yes.More than 4 decades later, Sue and I look back and laugh at our first uncomfortable meeting on that college campus—and marvel how God put a shy guy from Ohio together with a shy girl from Michigan. Through the years, we have faced innumerable crises together as we raised our family. We’ve negotiated parenting four kids, and we’ve struggled mightily with losing one of them. Problems big and small have tested our faith, yet we’ve stuck together. It took commitment from both of us and the grace of God. Today we rejoice in God’s design, spelled out in Genesis 2:24—to leave our parents, to be unified as man and wife, and to become united as one flesh. We cherish this amazing plan that has given us such a wonderful life together.God’s design for marriage is beautiful. So we pray for married couples to sense how awesome it is to enjoy life together under the blessing of God’s loving guidance.Lord, the first thing You organized during society’searliest days was marriage. Thank You for how Youdesigned this amazing institution. Show me how tohelp strengthen others in their marriage relationship.Marriage thrives in a climate of love, honor, and respect.INSIGHT: In Genesis 1–2 we see two tellings of the same story. Genesis 1 gives a sweeping overview of the creation of the universe, including the creation of the first human beings (Gen. 1:26-28). Genesis 2, however, describes more specifically the distinctive relationship the man and woman have with their Creator and their roles in His world.Today's Shareable ImageToday's Shareable VideoWhat I’ve seen of marriage is physical and emotional abuse, the last happening so frequently it’s a way of life. No one truly knows another and you never know what you are going to get until you live with someone. To me, WHY BOTHER?!? It’s too big a risk to take and then a divorce happens and they clean you out and you lose half of what you’ve worked your whole life for. I’m a huge mess and not fit to be with anyone. It’s not worth it.Hello hera, I saw your response to my post yesterday and wanted to say thanks for responding so soon. I really appreciated it. I have been trying to write more to you, but my computer keeps messing up and I’ve also been babysitting today, due to school closing and I don’t get done babysitting until nine-thirty tonight.. Hopefully I will be able to write tomorrow, if not later tonight. Just wanted you to know my thoughts and prayers are still with you. love and blessings to you.You know that you are in love when you desire an intense closeness with that one person, not spending time, but investing it in each other. You have no greater yearning than to dwell in every moment together, to just cherish being with them, drawing your happiness from seeing them happy.Their interests become your interest. Your joy is found in seeing the sparkling light of joy in their eyes. The fire of life itself burns brightly in your chest, and all of the colors you behold are more clear, crisper, brighter than ever before. Your steps are light. You smile for no apparent reason. Your contentment is satisfied in your love for them, just you and your other, living for one another, until the two are forever one.As two become one, there is great concern that our loved one might be hurt, or taken from us. This is not a weakness; but a motivation, a reason for our sure resolve to be strong for them, and to always be the one our other needs us to be.Love always believes, and has a constant trust. It maintains openness and honesty. And loves knows that clear communication is vital for the health of every relationship. Love allows much room for faults and mistakes. Patience and forgiveness are always present, and they can re-kindle the leaping flames of an ardent love when doubt tries to sneak in, or when circumstances try to dictate our responses.Life is sweeter when it is shared with another, and deeper joys are realized. Dreams become greater when two, together, envision them. Fears lose potency when they are shared with the one who walks with you.Have faith in your decision to love the one who is yours, and hold nothing back. We embrace them tightly, yet we also let them be who they are, for that is who we decided to love. Allowing the flood to wash over us, love carries us into their arms forever. Love is the greatest thing there is.This is the pure and passionate type of love that Jesus, our Savior has for us, and that He desires for us to have for Him. God has an intense yearning in His big throbbing heart for each one of His children. He wants to be close to us, and to take us in Him arms and love us…for all eternity.God created man and women to complete each other, so that we may be whole and fulfilled. He sanctified this union called marriage, making it a holy ordinance. God intended for us to learn through our love for our mates all about His love for us. Throughout the bible He paints the picture of our relationship to Him as a marriage. As the Church, we are the bride of Christ.“I will betroth thee to me forever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in righteousness, and in judgment, and in loving-kindness, and in mercies.” (Hosea 2:19 KJV)bondserve, beautiful, I love how you were able to share a deep and valuable insight on investing time together verses spending time together, that’s powerful! I’ve never thought of it that way. As of this day I repent, I assure you I will always view my role as an investment when it comes to my relationships. Thank you for sharing.On yea, I almost forgot to mention as I reminisce my moms passing almost 15 years ago. As our loving father God started working on my heart through His Word(like finding a telephone booth with a sign on the top that reads “God” and putting a dime or quarter in and He’s on the other end of the line!), one of my first heartfelt prayers was for a best friend who really understood the important things in life…and I didn’t even mean a girlfriend…figuring it had to be a girl since most my other friends were guys and we are all to rough and tumble. My prayer had a funny twist…having 4 sisters who never introduced me to any of their friends and since I wasn’t going out partying anymore, I asked God to meet this “friend girl” through one of my sisters. Years later, during pre marriage counseling, I realized that prayer had been answered down to the very last detail! Praise God!Gratefully, my story of romance started in a heartfelt desire for our living God in The Word. After a rebellious teenage and young adult life, I was facing a prison sentence and cried out to God for help. I found myself begging Him for mercy, and if He kept me out of prison I’d even listen to my fanatical “born again” mom! With my attorney looking like he’d seen a ghost and speechless(earlier telling me he couldn’t keep me out of jail this time), I staggered out of the court room a free man and the only thing on my mind was how in the world I could ever keep my promise-to a God I was only afraid of- to listen to my mom. Weeks passed till I finally found the courage to ask…and her reply? I was expecting worldly advise on continuing education or a different line of work but, instead; my mom gave me a bible when going off to college and her advise was to start reading the gospels. I even had to ask what they were and she so lovingly and kindly showed me. Wholeheartedly I dove into His Word and He’s been speaking very clearly to me ever since…and that was over 30 years ago. Thank you Godly moms, wives, and ODB!