Claret and amber funeral for footballer, war hero and local referee Billy GloverFirst published in News Last updated by Chris Tate, Aire/Worth Valley ReporterTHE life of a Shipley man will be celebrated by mourners wearing Bradford City's claret and amber at the funeral of footballer, war hero and local referee Billy Glover.The popular football referee for 30 years and stalwart of the Caroline Street Club died aged 93 and his son Brian has revealed how Mr Glover was a member of the forerunner to the SAS, serving with the Long Range Desert Patrol Group fighting Rommel's forces in the desert battles of the Second World War."Dad was born near Wolverhampton and played football for Wolves but his career ended prematurely when he broke his leg in a cup match," Mr Glover said."He never spoke much about the war and would only mention little bits about his involvement and never give you the full story."We know that he was always attached to other regiments including The Black Watch, The 21st Indian Regiment, The Ghurkas."And we know he fought for his country in the Middle East and we discovered that he was in The Long Range Desert Patrol which became the SAS."But if you mentioned this he would change the subject."Towards the end of the war he was fighting behind enemy lines in Burma with his "SAS" platoon when they were ambushed and he spent some time in a Japanese POW camp."After the war, Mr Glover met his future wife Gladys, who died in 2000, at his brother's wedding in Shipley and settled down to work at Salts Mill.He then went to work at Jowett Cars as a spray painter and at Butterfield tanks at Low Well Shipley as a galverniser but left there after an industrial accident resulted in him sustaining burns to his neck and back.He returned to Salts Mill and worked in the cloth finishing department up until his retirement.For the first 11 years of marriage the family lived at Wycliffe Place in Shipley until moving to a new house on the Coach Road.Mr Glover helped form a football team, Riverside Wanderers, and he became involved in the forming of the Wharfedale Sunday Football League.As the league needed referees he took the required exams and became a qualified ref."Dad refereed for more than 30 years and was still doing regular local league games well into his 70s," Mr Glover said."As a reward for his long service as a referee he was invited to the Queen's Garden Party at Buckingham Palace in 2003, we were all so very proud of him and he really enjoyed his day as a guest of Her Majesty."Dad always liked his football. He first took me to Bradford City from when I was about five or six years old, we would walk up to the Ring O Bells pub and catch the trolley bus to Valley Parade and would go on the Kop where I would either sit on dad's shoulders to watch the game or the scoreboard man would let me sit on the gantry where he stood to put the scores up."He was one of the best."Mr Glover's funeral takes place at Shipley Baptist Church on Thursday at 1pm.Comments (3)Always have a lot of respect for that generation who fought the wars so that we all could live our lives free . A genereration that gave and sacrificed so much but never seemed to ask for anything back in return. Always sad to see one of them leave usR.I.P Mr Glover. Thoughts to all your family and friendsAlways have a lot of respect for that generation who fought the wars so that we all could live our lives free . A genereration that gave and sacrificed so much but never seemed to ask for anything back in return. Always sad to see one of them leave us R.I.P Mr Glover. Thoughts to all your family and friendsWyke 1981R.I.P Grandad billy boy. You were one in a million, love you always. You will never be forgotten. I bet you would be so proud to make the papers! Lots of love from your great granddaughter Darcie xxxxxxxxxxR.I.P Grandad billy boy. You were one in a million, love you always. You will never be forgotten. I bet you would be so proud to make the papers! Lots of love from your great granddaughter Darcie xxxxxxxxxxLisaclairerileyIt won't be the same now leaving the Midland Road on matchday and walking passed Billy making his way home. Another face in the crowd gone to Claret and Amber heaven. Remember Billy from the time we took him to a game or two on the coach as he was telling his stories to the youngsters. I reckon by the time he'd finished they were all glad to be living in these times, times men like Billy helped to create. A sad loss but reading this article it's a great story of the life of a great man.It won't be the same now leaving the Midland Road on matchday and walking passed Billy making his way home. Another face in the crowd gone to Claret and Amber heaven. Remember Billy from the time we took him to a game or two on the coach as he was telling his stories to the youngsters. I reckon by the time he'd finished they were all glad to be living in these times, times men like Billy helped to create. A sad loss but reading this article it's a great story of the life of a great man.cibasteve