William Paterson professor among locals up for Grammys SundayYou might say William Paterson professor Pete McGuinness got his two Grammy nominations this year by – well, arrangement.Arrangements are what he does. "Beautiful Dreamer" by Stephen Foster (Best Arrangement: Instrumental or A Capella) and "What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life?" by Michele Legrand (Best Arrangement: Instrumental and Vocals) are two of the tracks from his 2014 album "Strength in Numbers," on the Summit label, that made Grammy's short list."I'm thrilled the Academy thought it was worthy," says McGuinness, an assistant professor at Wayne's William Paterson University who has taught jazz arranging for the last 3 1/2 years.He's one of several with North Jersey connections who have gotten nods this year. Others include Teaneck's Rufus Reid, Fair Lawn's Ian Axel, whose duo A Great Big World was nominated for their Christina Aguilera collaboration "Say Something" (Best Pop Duo/Group Performance), Englewood's Karen O of Yeah Yeah Yeahs, nominated for "The Moon Song" (Song Written for Visual Media), and Jameel Roberts, a 2004 jazz studies graduate from William Paterson, up for two Grammys as co-writer and co-producer of Usher's "Good Kisser." They'll join the throng of singers, musicians, producers, composers and arrangers who will be biting their nails as the 57th annual Grammys get underway today in the Staples Center in Los Angeles."My wife has picked out a fancy dress, and I have a tuxedo waiting for me out in L.A.," says McGuinness who will fly in for the ceremonies for the second time in his life (he was also nominated in 2008 for his arrangement of the Charlie Chaplin song "Smile").Arranging may be one of the most important, least appreciated, elements in music-making. What would all those Frank Sinatra hits be, without those Nelson Riddle arrangements? Where would Michael Jackson have been without Quincy Jones?"A lot of the time the arrangement won't get credited on the recording, only the composer," McGuinness says. "Which is a shame."His own Grammy-nominated arrangements, played on the album by his 16-piece Pete McGuinness Jazz Orchestra (McGuinness is also a conductor, vocalist, trombonist and composer) boast the virtues of not only skill, but novelty. "Beautiful Dreamer," the famous 1864 Stephen Foster waltz, was transformed by McGuinness into a Brazilian samba. "What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life," a ballad from 1969, has become, conversely, a waltz.It's the sort of thing that McGuinness likes to do: in the past, he's given "Maria" from "West Side Story" a New Orleans groove, turned the Gershwins' "Who Cares?" into fast swing, and rejiggered "Yesterdays" by Jerome Kern into what he calls "an aggressive mixed-meter song."The trick, he says, is to discover new harmonics, new rhythms in the old songs, while still somehow respecting the feel or intent of the original. "Arrangers like to be clever, in an artful way," he says. "One way is putting a square peg in a round hole and seeing what happens ... But if you don't honor the spirit of the original in some way, then it's an academic exercise and I don't like that."