Thursday, April 16, 2015Approximately 2000 BC. The first immigration of Aryan tribes with Indo-European Language ​to the current Kurdistan.Ca 1080 BC. Assyrian sources refer to Kurds as an own "people" in the area south of Wan-lake in today's Turkey Kurdistan.2 centuries BC. More use of the term "kurti" in Greek, "cyrtii" in latin.After Christ. The area is in several centuries, a contentious and uncertain boundary zone between the Roman and the persian kingdom.7.-8. century. Under Islam's explosive advancing period, the vast majority of Kurds become Muslims. Kurdish princelings get relatively seperate position under Arab sovereignty. Some principalities consists until the mid 1800s.1100s. The term Kurdi-stan first used about the Kurdish area.1169. The Kurdish Eyyubid-dynasty establishes itself in Kario. Its most famous leader, the kurdish Selahedin.1514. Kurdistan is divided between the Ottoman Empire and the Persian empire after the Çaldiran-war.1597. The release of 'Serefname', the first written representation of the Kurdish clan history.1695. Ehmede Xani publishes 'Mem u Zin', A Kurdish national epic/ love stort, with requests to establish a united Kurdistan.1800s. Several large Kurdish uprisings against the Ottoman Empire.1918. The Ottoman Empire's defeat in World War I, creates hopes of Kurdish independence.1920. The Sèvres-agreement between 1st World War victories and the Ottoman Empire, included the creation of a independent Kurdish state, (which didn't happen.).1923. The Lausanne-Treaty confirms Mustefa Kemals new Turkey. For Kurdistan, this agreement resulted in the four part seperation. Several uprisings in the coming years.1924. Turkey bans Kurdish language in schools and in public places.1920 -1930s. A number of rebellions/uprisings in various parts of Kurdistan.1988. Iraq trying to vanish Kurdish rural culture with the anfal campagin. The use of gas against Halabja attracted international awareness.1989. The leader of PDK-I, Abdullrahman Qasimlo killed by Iranian agents in Vienna.1991. Large uprising in the Iraqi Kurdistan after the Gulf War was brutally suppressed. As a result of intervention from the US, England and France, established an autonomous Kurdish zone in northern Iraq.1994. War between the leading Kurdish parties in South Kurdistan (PUK and KDP) results inthe Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq into two parts. Two years later, KDP with help from Baghdad, gets the upper hand.1999. PKK's leader Abdullah Öcalan kidnapped in Kenya on March 15. He is sentenced to death on June 29th.1999. Kurdistan National Congress (KNK) formed in Amsterdam on May 24.2000. Hundreds of thousands participate in the first legal Newroz celebrations in the Turkish part of Kurdistan on 21 March.2002. PKK converted to KADEK (Congress for Freedom and Democracy in Kurdistan)2003. May 12, Norwegian police arrested Mullah Krekar, the leader of a Kurdish guerrilla group Suspected of links to al Qaeda.2003. The Kurds join US and British forces in defeating Saddam Hussein's regime. In Dec. 13, Saddam is captured by american troops, found hiding in a hole near his hometown of Tikrit.Wednesday, April 15, 2015The american archaeologist, Ralph Solecki, who led the engravings of the Shanidar Cave near Hewler, in the 1950s, made startling discoveries, which he writes a book about, titled "Shanidar Cave: The first Flower People" Published in New York, 1971. He describes how fond his Kurdish workers were of flowers. They attached bouquets to the walls, or on shovels that they were using in their works. This, he says, reflects the central importance that colors and flowers had, and still have in the Kurdish culture. Solecki also gives his readers something to ponder when he says that the the results from the laboratory survey has shown the 'Neanderthal-man', that the workers dug, had died 56 000 years ago. The cave also contains two later "proto-Neolithic" cemeteries, one of which dates back about 10,600 years and contains 35 individuals.The 'Neanderthal man' is named after a skeletal discovery made in Neandertal in Dusseldorf in 1856. A side branch of human relatives who lived from 100,000 to about 40,000 years before our time. These are believed to be the first people who buried their dead. He had been buried in a flower bed of many different plant kinds.Archaeological surveys here, the little of it that has been done, suggests that it was in Kurdistan that people took their earliest place towards agriculture, animal husbandry and development of sign communication. We are talking about the time period from 12,000 to 8,000 years ago. Some knowledge exists, but many of the marks of those who lived in this aera is gone, hidden under the new artificial lakes of the past decades. Turkey and Iraq takes cheap electrical energy from the Kurdish watercourses. In the upper layers of the grounds of Shanidar Cave, one of the things archaeologists found were wing bones of birds that are believed to have been used in religious ceremonies. Modern technology telling the birds to have been found in Shanidar Cave, last flied for about 10 800 years ago.Most types of this art is now said to be extinct, but some of its bigger variants, still exist in some mountainous areas. One of these are the white-tailed mountain-eagle. A picture of that eagle was also on the coat of the arms of Kurdish commander Selahedin, when he 800 years ago initiated the two-week siege that liberated Jerusalem.That fabulous eagle is also KRG's logo. (Kurdistan Regional Government.)