Sunday, February 8, 20151. [+155, -8] Fu*k those two shameless bastards, they obviously don't have any sense of shame at all2. [+136, -5] I doubt that's the first time ㅋㅋㅋ3. [+133, -22] So shameless, all we need is Jessica there for the triple combo4. [+51, -1] I'm seriously so curious what Luhan must've been thinking when Wu Yifan first left and fans did an event for them at their concert saying this is the beginning now.5. [+42, -1] At the end of the fancam, you can hear them say "call me" which clearly shows that they've been keeping in contact personally more than we think.6. [+41, -2] That Luhan bastard pisses me off more than Wu Yifan. Luhan consciously chose to leave even when he knew that the members were in a difficult spot because of Wu Yifan leaving ㅋㅋㅋㅋ I hope all of this comes back like a boomerang and they get it worse than what they're making the other members suffer for7. [+38, -1] Jessica: What about me guys~8. [+35, -1] How nice, they match well as fellow traitors9. [+31, -0] Might be their first time officially but I bet they've already met on their personal timeLol at people who thought they hated each other to begin with.Y'all seriously thought them still following each other on weibo, being logged on at the same time, doing little smirks when asked about each other AND having the same legal team were a coincidence.They were adorableYou forget that some of the AOA girls and CNBLUE members have been training together (or at least in the same company together) long before AOA debuted so some of them might've known each other for quite some time indeed.Just like how many other idols know each other because they've all been ex-JYP trainees (Hyuna, Soyou, Hyorin, Hani, Hoya, etc.)honey what is this opparrrrrrrs you speak of honestly stop. I'm not hating, I never hated and probably never will. I'm too nice to judge a person by what I read on the internet. MY comments are usually based on public thoughts and not my own ideas. Swill doesn't sound like hating to me. And now my arm aches :c Why did you make me type?And yes I know I'm fat any idea how I can lose weight? I'll go to a friends house and jump on their bed! good idea :)What does coochies mean btw I honestly don't know. help. I ain't googling shit so that I get scared na-uh ain't doing that :cI'm not even sure I understand what you're writing, honestly. There is a large difference between hate and criticism. Perhaps you should look up the definitions considering you don't seem to understand very well. I never said the hate was justified, in fact I think people are treating them too badly for this. I simply believe the girls should have controlled themselves better and acted more professional. However, If you can read my comments and determine that I am writing them out of spite for the girls, go ahead. It just proves my point that you can't make criticism on this site without people going in for the kill and accusing you of ill intent.did you watch the video? LOL.She was jumping on the bed and opening Yonghwa's closet and stuff and Yonghwa was joking around saying "Oh, today's weather is the type that's nice to be alone"and Ailee was all "Okay then, you can go out alone." So obnoxious.Is no one gonna talk about how ridiculous the cigarette spoon thing is?? omgjust an example, but i do that all the time with spoons and snacks like pocky, even when holding pens but i've never smoked???I'm a girl but I would feel really uncomfortable if some girls(or boys) I barely know jumped on my bed with their bare feet. You know not everything is about "oppa" and not everyone criticizing a girl group is trying to "protect" oppa. This behavior is simply not appropriate.First things first, I am not a fan of AOA. Secondly, if you saw the video and if you saw Yonghwa telling them to stop, then alright, you have a point. If you didn't, then you can't spew lies to support your own opinion. Jeeze louise, I can't even defend an idol from getting bashed for petty reasons without being indirectly called an idiot here.I certainly did, she was just opening it not rummaging trough it even the snow goggles someone hand it to her, she was even asking yh if there was a tv there. And as you said "yh was joking around" so she was obviously joking as well. Ailee was even helping yh at some point plus she made the show/episode quite fun.I feel bad for Yonghwa..He looks pissed but is trying to control himself....When Hyejung said, "We are like family." Yonghwa responded saying "Is our blood related?" Something like that. Been a fan of him for so long and he looks really annoyed..Was waiting for NB article about this after Hologram ep 2 was aired..I kind of see the issue but at the same time I don't think it should be that big. I get that a girl wearing a tight outfit and sitting on a guy's bed could give that girl a bad look, so I see where AOA should have been more careful. But at the same time if they are all friends jumping on their bed a little is ok. I think most of the negativity comes from the fact that AOA is a rising group so now people will be looking for any little thing to knock them down.As I watched it I felt like he is reacting just like a friend would, like if my friends did the same I would probably react the same, simply because I hate it when people in their "dirty" clothes (I mean, they wear it all day, for the street and so on) sit and lie on my bed lolI felt like he has similar thoughts just he didn't want to say it, like I also would feel uncomfortable in similar situation, I mean, I would feel bad telling my friend that "you should get out of my bed since I sleep there all clean" hahaBut maybe it's just meas far in picture there is ailee too , but in the other hand i judge just hyojin because she was wearing short skirt so she shoudn't lie down like this , i will no saw it as inapropriate if she was wearing pantseven if a male idol gifted a female idol underwear i dont see why it'd be a problem. literally everyone wears underwear and who the hell would complain about getting free underwear i mean seriouslyi understand they shouldve stopped after yonghwa asked them to but them jumping on his bed w skirts on shouldnt be a problem. jumping on a bed is fucking fun and im 100% sure they have on safety shorts so hell ya i'd jump on a bed (w permission) w a skirt on tooThank you! A lot of the comments here are bashing knetz but SK is a pretty damn conservative country & for AOA to do that in TV is a pretty big no no. It's like we tend to forget that SK & other countries don't exactly think the same way we do here in NA or Europe. That's kinda the reason why I visit NB. To see how SK netizens think about certain issues in their country. But nowadays the comment section here is rampant with "If you think differently, then you're a hater because unni/oppa is a goddess/queen/will never like you". Like ughh.LMFAO. Sorry for the rant :(Hardly. It's an indication that they're getting more and more popular and relevant. Let me paraphrase what k-netz once said, "you know you're popular enough when you get a lot of hate comments on pann."It's clear you're offended and you don't get it. I don't care about other people. I don't care about your level in English. It was a simple question, but you guys got offended. I won't apologize for it.I'm just stating facts, sorry. A lot of you don't know the difference between a "read" and "shade". "Drag", too. I don't have to know you guys personally to realize this. It can be seen in your comments.LOL IF I just tidied up my bed and everything and suddenly these women show up and messes it up, I would have probably grabbed them by the hair and threw them outside the window no matter how sexy or pretty they are.I a'int gonna lie, when I go to someones house I do dig through their stuff, but not their bedroom or bathroom. Just the kitchen IDK why though. I never notice until people ask me what I'm looking for. I'm not going to your bedroom though unless they were giving a house tour?Funny how kpop i-fans are always all "kpop artists should know every tiny bits of american culture and what's offensive an acceptable ://////" but when k-netz simply point out that something is inappriopriate according to korean culture, they're all 'lmao fat fangirls bitches jelly of oppa fapping to sexy girls'. Get in your tiny dumb heads that korean culture isn't as sexualized as yours and it has nothing to do with jealous fangirls (well, not in 100%). You're okay with people having sex in reality shows, they find lying in someone of opposite sex' bed vulgar. Deal with it.Also, personally, I wouldn't like anyone to jump on my bed in dirty clothes. I'd have to clean the sheets afterwards because I wouldn't be able to sleep, it'd be too nasty.even people related by blood dont do that. my relatives live in taiwan and when i go over there to visit (i was born and live in california) i respect their house. i dont go around jumping around my relatives beds or start looking in cabinets like its my house. even my brother doesnt go around laying in my bed or going through my things. thats just rude. i respect his space and he respects my space. and when i go over to my friends house i ask "is it okay if i sit on your bed" if there is no other place to sitAs a girl I wouldn't want to be gifted underwear from a guy unless he was my husband or we were doing Christmas prank gifts. So I can see why that'd be annoying. I have'nt seen the show though so maybe it was made clear in the program that the panties were joke a joke?No it doesn't necessarily but it is a misalignment that gives the illusion of having a larger jaw. I've been curious myself how often Koreans utilize braces. Most of the young idols look like they've probably had their bite corrected. Some of the older actors have misaligned teeth and a few of the younger ones appear to have veneers.she still doesn't feel confident enough to walk out with no make up, which is why she cakes on like 10 pounds of make up on her face. it's sad that she hasn't felt comfortable enough to show her natural face in years but if make up makes her feel more confident that's greatI'd be much more angry at Ailee going through my stuff tbh. Sheets can be washed & the bed re-made, although jumping on it like that is really rude (to me), but I can't stand people going through my things without explicit permission. I don't even like people looking at the books in my bookcase!I guess the problem is that they are being filmed I saw it and thought yonghwa was uncomfortable probably because there are cameras It wasn't a big deal it felt like they were teasing him I found it cute and funny how they were all over the place The underwear gift was weird thoughI'm sorry I'm a girl, n I will become a bitch if someone jumps on my bed.I also have white ass down blankets that I bought with my money (cost more than my purse).I don't even touch it if I didn't take a shower.never cared but AOA before but seeing this,is a won't even pay attention to them now.There'd probably be a similar reaction because it's not a big deal. They're from the same company and probably know each other fairly well, it's not like some random people broke into his house and laid on his bed. If they thought it would make him uncomfortable, they probably wouldn't have done it.I wish I could just send them all on a 30 day trip to an American high school. In America, there will always be at least one person who finds you beautiful as you are. You can wear sweatpants, sweatshirt, have your hair up, and there will always be that one person or group of people who find you beautiful whether it's on the inside, outside, or both.I would shoot anyone who get on my bed with their clothes they were wearing outdoors, idk if i should feel releaved they aren't wearing shoes or more disgusted and annoyed. But dude has enough mony to get his sheets cleanded so whateverSo Ailee was literally jumping on his bed but the real problem are those sluts from AOA who had the audacity to wear skirts while laying down?... Really? I don't think anyone should be getting hate here, but if he is uncomfortable with people getting on his bed then AOA aren't the only problem. But yeah, keep shaming pretty girls for wearing skirts, they're really what's wrong with this planet.You do realize AOA is from Korea, right? They understand Korean culture and what is and isn't appropriate by it's standards, so I would assume that they are close enough with him that they thought it would be fine. Plus they were most likely dressed by their stylists.But that scene where he tells them not to lie down and asks them if they are of the same blood wasn't even in the bedroom. One of the AoA girls lay down on the living room rug and he said that i think :/1. [+4,459, -140] Nevermind Ailee, I don't think it's right for those female idols to be acting like that on the bed of a male idol in front of other men... they're not kids, they're grown ladies.. tskSo Ailee gets a free pass? She's the one who jump on the bed first. Maybe these Pann fangirls just want to bash AOA?If Yonghwa and FNC thought it was inappropriate for Hyejeong to jump on the bed and AOA gift him underwears, they would have cut it out from the show.you dont know how thankful i am for this and i'm glad i made u excited? haha i tried my fitness pal before but sometimes they cant coutn asian food so its hard to record everything i eat but i ll try to stick w food that they can count now. when my gym membership hasnt expired, one of the trainer there rec me bout weight lifting too but she always warn that i should have someone that knows about it guiding me to avoid injury.and my cousin kept saying that i ll make my biceps big (i have a bit of muscle there due to swimming a while ago) so it made me cautious to try out weight lifting but i think i can do small weights at home like 5-10lbs maybe? yes motivation, i lose it fairly quick when i dont see any result and i get impatient. it happens a lot and i know i need to wait but..i ll try.im glad u have a gym buddy,it ll less boring that way ^ thank you so much, i have a zumba membership for 6 weeks so i plan to restart and hopefully get some results along w ur advices too.have a nice day <3What will the children of all these plastic surgery parents think of themselves when they look in the mirror and notice they don't resemble mom or dad? What kind of message does that send to the child?What about a potential spouse when someone doesn't reveal their surgery? Is it a marriage based on fraud when it comes to having children?I guess people who are victims of accidents or birth defects should just pack it i. Because they will never get a chance in society.Personally, I haven't seen a lot of physically ugly people, but I have seen a lot of pretty people whose shit attitudes have cancelled out any attractiveness they had.I have met overweight men and women who are really attractive or people with larger noses or really, really skinny or people with unconventional looks who are amazing people and someone you want to be with.So looks wear thin fairly quickly. We all age, we all could be in an accident, we all could develop an illness that disfigured us. It could happen to anyone and since we want be accepted we should accept others.Sorry for being long, but I have a lot of questions about this and how it effects society.Why is everyone out to get AOA lately? Ailee did the same & they clearly put her apart and didnt criticize her! If they were ranting about it been rude to jump n someone else's bed its okay cuz its quite rude even when i think this was probably scripted but theyre implying AOA alone are horny girls out to seduce Yonghwa with their gazes on national tv! Like, seriously? theyre labelmates! They can hit on cnblue and ftisland boys in the company if they want hahahahhaIve seen female idols suggest underwear as a house warming party joking but they really did!omg.. Enough with your RUDE controversy in SUJU's concert. and now? 'seducing' male idols? .. sorry.. you are not their TYPE. hahahaha. you are not as pretty as PARK SHINHYE.. even a 13 year old girl wont even lay down like that on male's bed. Sorry to say this, AOA should stop everything.. everyone seems to be hating them more right nowRegardless of the man/woman dynamic,mot is just f'ing rude to roll around on someone's bed unless invited. I would have been pissed off at anyone rolling around my bed. And underwear as a gift....hahah (heavy sarcasm) dumbass, don't bother next time.Netizen BuzzDisclaimerJust a friendly reminder... Comments on this blog do not represent the majority opinion of Koreans and should not be taken as an example of Korean sentiment on any of the topics presented. They are just one facet, one view of the many different views that exist. Please read the FAQ for more info.- Don't feed the trolls in the comments.- Please be respectful to one another.