The Ultimate Online Baby Shower is Here! #UOBSIt’s here! The UOBS – Ultimate Online Baby Shower is here, and it is the ultimate event for baby products. I’m so excited to be a part of this amazing giveaway event again. Are you ready to find out what you can win?!?Baby Shower Items – You Need it and the UOBS Has ItWhether it’s toys or diaper rash cream, the UOBS has it. This giveaway is epic. We’ve got two ultimate gift baskets up for grabs as well as flash giveaways and sampler events as well. It’s going to be great!RSVP To WinHere’s the lowdown. All you have to do to win one of the two gift baskets is RSVP through my Facebook page and simply leave your email address. By leaving your email, you’ll also get access to a complete calendar of all the great UOBS events that will be happening. Using this calendar, you can “Wish for” the samples that you would like to receive on the different brand pages. Every time a person “wishes” for a product, it notifies your friends that the wished for brand is participating in the event. You can buddy up with your friends to ensure that they get these great offers as well. These RSVP prize baskets are valued at over $300.00, and they are full of baby shower items! Each basket includes:Weleda White Mallow Diaper Rash CreamWeleda White Mallow Body LotionWeleda White Mallow Face CreamZen Rocks Teething NecklaceGrandma El’s Diaper Rash & Remedy CreamHABA Rainbow Tower ToyHyland’s Baby Calming TabletsMimijumi Not So Hungry BottleBaby Comfy Care Nasal ApiratorPediped OriginalsBamboobiesGo Mama Go Designs Wonder Bumper & Teething Guard SampleHappy Heiny ONEderful Cloth DiaperMolly’s Suds PowderLittle Baby Bumblebee holiday and monthly stickersRuffleButts BloomerBella Bundles Bib & ClothMilkmakersLike I said this is the ultimate in baby shower stuff, and these are just the two baskets! On to more greatness.Flash GiveawaysWho doesn’t love a flash giveaway? The answer to that is no one! Flash giveaways are super fun and fast. The flash giveaways start February 9th and go through February 13th. They will be held on the participating bloggers’ Facebook pages. There will be tons of prizes from a bunch of companies!Zen Rocks: Little ones love playing with jewelry but it can easily become broken by their little hands and mouths. Zen Rocks fixes that problem by providing stylish jewelry that also functions as a lightweight non-toxic teether for baby.Grandma El’s: Diaper rash is a very common problem. Grandma El’s Diaper rash cream has been doctor tested and recommended. It is made of the safest ingredients for babies’ most sensitive areas.Go Mama Go Designs: Once babies become more mobile, they start getting into more trouble. Wonder Bumpers protects them from hitting the hard crib rails while rolling around. Teething on the crib is also a problem when they start standing. The Teeth Guard protects your baby’s mouth and also their crib.Pedipeds: Buying nice shoes for children is very important for their development. Pediped makes sure that their shoes provide a comfortable fit in adorable styles.Bella Bundles: Having cute baby items is a fun part when baby shopping. Bella Bundles is a one stop shop for stylish bibs, blankets and other items that keep both comfort and practicality in mind.Baby Comfy Care: A nasal aspirator is a must-have baby item. The Baby Comfy Nose provides 10X more suction than regular aspirators. Babies’ noses need cleaned frequently and having an effective nasal aspirator is very important.Ruffle Butts: Clothes shopping for little ones is always a fun experience. Ruffle Butts only carries the cutest outfits for little ones that feature ruffles for girls and dapper outfits for boys.HABA: Providing safe toys for babies and toddlers is a must. HABA produces high-quality non-toxic toys made from sustainable wood that both parents and children will love.Sampler EventsThe sampler events are where you can send free product samples to your friend! The big sampling events are hosted on each brand’s Facebook page using the Sampler app. It will allow you to choose which friend to send the product sample. Make sure to buddy up with a friend to ensure you both receive product samples. This is another great way to score some great baby items. These sampler events will begin Monday, February 9th and be held every day at 1PM EST and 9PM EST through Friday, February 13th. Below is a little snippet of information about the amazing sponsors and their products.Weleda: A baby’s skin is very sensitive. Weleda wants to keep their skin feeling and looking great. They only produce 100% certified natural products made with Biodynamic® and organic ingredients.Bamboobies: Leaking breasts are a problem for every new mom. It turns into a bigger concern, when you are not home. Bamboobies disposable nursing pads is here to help. They will stay in place and help keep you dry.Hyland’s Baby: Calming an upset baby can be a challenge. Hyland’s Baby Natural Calming Tablets is a natural medicine that will help calm irritable babies.Mimijumi: Sometimes mom or their breasts need a break. The Not so Hungry Bottle is a great substitute by looking and feeling like a natural breast.ThinkBaby: A part of providing a safe environment for babies is keeping them away from harmful chemicals. ThinkBaby specializes in safe, functional, and sustainable products that are free of biologically harmful chemicals.Happy Hieny: One of the fun parts of cloth diapering is picking adorable styles. Besides having diapers that are adorable, Happy Hieny’s diapers have a comfortable fit and 5 layers of cotton to prevent leakage.Molly’s Suds: Doing laundry is a daily chore for moms. Clothes are expected to be cleaned but the environment shouldn’t have to suffer. Molly’s Suds provides safe cleaning products that are made with earth and plant derived ingredients.Milkmakers: Keeping up your milk supply is a concern for every breastfeeding mom. Milkmakers helps increase mom’s milk supply by making delicious lactation cookies that also double as a nutritious snack.Gift Baskets, Flash Giveaways and Samples, Oh My!This is going to be a great event! There’s so much to win and so many ways to win. RSVP and have fun scoring some great baby shower products!