I cover the video game industry, write about gamers, and review video games. You can follow me on Twitter and hit me up there if you have any questions or comments you'd like to chat about. Disclosure: Many of the video games I review were provided as free review copies. This does not influence my coverage or reviews of these games. I do not own stock in any of the companies I cover. I do not back any Kickstarter projects related to video games. I do not fund anyone in the industry on Patreon.Five Reasons You Need To Watch 'Better Call Saul'The show tells the origin story of crooked attorney Saul Goodman from Vince Gilligan’s incredible Breaking Bad.But Better Call Saul! isn’t just a spin-off of a popular TV show. So far, it’s a terrific TV show on its own merits. It covers familiar ground, but it still manages to be its own unique snowflake.Here are five reasons fans of Breaking Bad should tune in for tonight’s pilot.1. Bob Odenkirk is a terrific leading man.I can’t overstate this: Bob Odenkirk is simply terrific in this show. While he played a fun character in Breaking Bad, as Jimmy McGill—Saul Goodman’s non super-hero name—he’s surprisingly good.Sure, he’s still a flaky two-bit attorney, but in Better Call Saul! we’re give a much more human, much less one-dimensional version of Goodman. He actually cares about people in his life. He struggles as much as he schemes. And he works hard.Yes, this is the sound of me admiring a character I never found admirable at all during the previous show. But here, Goodman/McGill is a real person—a flawed person, yes, but more than just a funny crook.2. The cinematography is amazing.Better Call Saul! is a beautiful TV show. Its opening scenes are shot entirely in black and white, without a single word of dialogue. But I couldn’t tear my eyes from the screen.Everything from the weird camera angles to the later scenes and their vivid, popping colors, makes you want to just soak it all in. It’s very much like Breaking Bad in this regard, and every bit as beautifully shot.Really, the production values on display in Better Call Saul! are every bit as solid as the original show. As much as you’ll be hooked by the dialogue, you’ll be sucked into the show’s beautiful cinematography and fascinating direction.3. There’s a good balance of old and new characters.Early trailers for the show reveal some of its cast, including the return of curmudgeonly professional criminal/private eye/mercenary Mike. There are other familiar faces, too.But balanced alongside the familiar are all new characters, including Saul/Jimmy’s older brother and some other attorneys. The relationships here are all interesting, and often painful. I’m definitely curious to see how they develop.4. It fills a void left by Breaking Bad while still being unique.There’s no doubt you feel a bit like you’re watching Breaking Bad during Better Call Saul! Enough is familiar, from the cinematography to the cast to the dark humor, that you feel right at home.But it’s still very much not Breaking Bad. That show was really the Walter White show. As great as the supporting cast was, Breaking Bad centered on Heisenberg, and Bryan Cranston was the star. Without White in the picture, there’s simply no way for Better Call Saul! to be anything like its predecessor.Don’t expect crazy science-based schemes. Nor would I expect quite the level of murder and mayhem. Saul is a very different kind of crook, and the show reflects that—even while maintaining much of the quality that made Gilligan’s last hit so powerful.5. You’ll want to know what happens next.Or, at least, I want to know what happens next. The pilot ends on a cliff-hanger, as did so many of Breaking Bad’s episodes. It’s the equivalent of page-turner, and you’ll want to know what happens next.There’s mysteries in Saul’s past, also, and plenty to keep us guessing. As with all good TV, the showrunners don’t give away too much too soon. The pilot is a funny, fascinating glimpse into Saul Goodman’s origin story. I’m plenty curious to find out what happens after the credits roll.Better Call Saul! airs tonight after the midseason premiere of The Walking Dead on AMC.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.