Follow by EmailWednesday, February 4, 2015Fantasy Fans Will Love Secrets of Gwenla: ENTER TO WINAre you a Fantasy fan? Read about Secrets of Gwenla by Laurie Penner below and ENTER TO WIN.Secrets of GwenlaBreaking through fear and tradition.... Dealing with corrupt officials.... struggling to understand the truth.... Julyiah must reveal the truth in time, or all will be lost!Imagine living in two worlds at the same time—the physical one around you and another one inside you that no one else can see. Follow Julyiah as she searches for Gwenla’s Book of Secrets and goes through her process of “Understanding,” where anything can happen. In her world, some hearts dwell in cozy, peaceful places, while others are assaulted by fearsome powers.Like their ancestors before them, Julyiah and her people remain locked away in their secret valley for 400 years, with none going in or out. Special rocks provide natural light and heat, as well as workable metals and building materials. Plenty of water allows them to grow crops and raise herds.When Gwenla led the original group to safety 400 years ago, she also foresaw the future. Unable to safely pass on what she knew before she died, Gwenla wrote down her knowledge in riddles and hid them, so that only those who sought the truth would understand. Julyiah’s adventurous heart wants to understand Gwenla’s secrets, but when pressing to know the truth, Julyiah sees wonderful places outside the walls and hears forbidden music, disrupting her world and relationships.In spite of several obstructions and evil forces trying to stop her, Julyiah discovers the truth and realizes she alone has the answer that will free the valley from deception. Yet her friends need urgent rescue as well. Can she accomplish both missions at the same time?In a whirlwind of twists and turns that involve a severe time crunch, Julyiah must make connections from one end of the valley to the other, or she and those she loves will die, and the Secrets of Gwenla will remain hidden for all time.Enter to WIN by commenting below (US & Canada only). Make sure I have your email address by signing up for my newsletter on the right-hand side. (I promise not to spam you. I only send out emails if I have a book release. :) ENDS 2/18/15Laurie has been writing for over 45 years, but she has spent 35 of those years perfecting her symbolic work: Secrets of Gwenla. "Symbolism is much harder than regular fiction," Laurie says, "because you have to keep all the hidden meaning straight within the context of a fantasy world, while still producing a good story."Although writing is what she enjoys most, Laurie also enjoys editing, calligraphic lettering, book cover design, logo design, photography, and photo-editing. Wanting to help other authors with their books, she started the Facebook group, Christian Writer's Resources. More of Laurie's work can be seen online at www.scriptandwrite.org Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/lauriepenner.author.editor