Lawrence residents hold rally for first respondersLawrence residents hold rally for first respondersMayor Dan Rivera talks about the positive work the police and fire departments did during his first year in office, and will continue to do in the future. Acting Police Chief James Fitzpatrick is standing left from RiveraLAWRENCE — Although its offices were closed, Lawrence City Hall was buzzing on Saturday morning, as a crowd of city residents and public officials came together for an appreciation rally honoring the city's police, firefighters and first responders.About 50 people attended the hour-long event, which began shortly after 11 a.m. and featured speeches from Mayor Dan Rivera, Acting Police Chief James Fitzpatrick and Acting Fire Chief John Marsh."I've been on the job for 13 months now, and whenever there was a time of crisis, everyone standing up here today was there," Rivera said as officers, firefighters and EMTs in attendance stood beside him. "There hasn't been a time when a person in uniform wasn't at our side to make our community safe."Both Marsh and Fitzpatrick addressed the crowd following Rivera's speech. Both men thanked the community for its continued support, as well as the firefighters and officers who go to work for them everyday."We don't get a lot of opportunity to interact with people on a positive level," Fitzpatrick said. "We appreciate an event like this because it allows us do that, so I want to thank all the organizers for putting this even together."The rally was organized by Frank Cantwell, a Lawrence resident for 61 years, and Brenda Rozzi, president of the Sacred Heart Neighborhood Association. Both organizers said they wanted to put an event which not only celebrated the work of the first responders, but also to remind residents they are normal people working to make Lawrence a better place."We don't want the police to be segregated," Cantwell said afterwards. "Whenever people call for the police or the firefighters, they are so happy when they arrive to help. These people aren't here to make our lives difficult; they're here to help.""These people risk their lives everyday for us, and (today) showed that people really care about that," Rozzi said.Wayne Hayes, a longtime city activist and former president of the Mount Vernon Neighborhood Association, shared Cantwell's sentiments when he addressed the crowd. He talked about the importance of community policing, reminding residents to say hello to police on the streets and pull over to the side of the road when an emergency vehicle passes through."If you can start by remembering to do those things, it will make yourself and everyone else's life around you better," Hayes said before the crowd.In addition to Rivera, state representatives Marcos Devers and Diana DiZoglio attended the rally, as did City Councilor Marc Laplante, who applauded the efforts of Cantwell and Rozzi."This event was not put together by an elected official, but by citizens looking to make an impact in this community in whatever way they could," Laplante said. "That's why these people are phenomenal, and why this event is a success."Cantwell said he would like to make the rally an annual event, but would probably look to schedule it around April or May to ensure warmer weather. While he said he hoped more people would have attended Saturday's rally, he was happy to see those who did supporting all the officers and firefighters in attendance."We're all pretty grateful for the work these people do," Cantwell said. "Today really belongs to all of those first responders."