Discover The Secrets Of An Effective Sober Living Home Business PlanIf you are thinking about writing a Sober Living Home Business Plan I'm glad you found this site because it'll almost certainly save yourself some time and a lot of unwanted frustration."Lack of a stable, alcohol and drug free living environment can be a serious obstacle to sustained abstinence."-Douglas L. Polcin, Ed.D.Frustrated With What To Write About?Most people assume that it's difficult to prepare a business plan. Nothing could be further from the truth. We'll show you exactly what you need to include along with…Everything You Must Include and Why You Need ItHow To Avoid Potential ProblemsThe Critical Sections To Include For Potential Investors and LendersWhy You Need To Know Your Business AND Your CompetitionWhy It's Important To Develop Referral Sources"Relapse rates are high when clients in outpatient programs have to live in situations that are not supportive of recovery"February 4th, 2011 – Posted by Betty Ford Institute in Abused DrugsStrategic Tips to Make Sure Your Profiting and Not Losing Money.What Type Of Legal Entity Should You Should UseSole ProprietorshipCorporation (C Corp)S CorporationLimited Licensed PartnershipNon Profit (501c3)The Three Things You Must Have To Succeed In This BusinessA List Of Resources To Get You StartedThis is NOT for you if...1. Your Looking For a Template There are special circumstances you will need to include in your business plan. The differences will vary according to where you are located.2. Your Trying To Start an Absentee Business Sober living homes take planning and marketing. If you are looking for a plan not requiring your involvement this is NOT for you.3. Your Just Searching For Research Articles There has been significant research on sober living homes the purpose of this product is to help you write a successful sober living home business plan.4. You Want a Quick Income Fix If you believe you can just buy a house, move in and get paid, this is not for you. There are specific requirements you MUST know if you plan to open a Sober Living Home.Who this IS forSomeone Whos’s Motivated to Start a Sober Living Home But Doesn’t Know How.An Entrepreneurial Minded Person Who Needs to Know What To Do.A Person In Recovery Who Wants to Use Their Sobriety to Help Others.Healthcare Organizations or Treatment Facilities Who Want to Diversify Into a Growing Alternative to Residential Treatment.Someone Interested In Starting a Halfway House Would Benefit.A Bit About the CreatorWendell Montney, Phd, CAADCIn the early 1980’s Wendell had the opportunity to design the first for profit day treatment program in the State of Michigan. This program reduced the high costs of residential treatment by allowing individuals to live at home and have intense treatment.In the 80’s – early 90’s:- Developed hospital based detoxification programs and consulted for the same - Consulted with businesses to enhance profitability - Consulted with agencies seeking to implement new programming for substance abuse treatment - Consultation with agencies seeking accreditation - Co-founder of a large treatment agency for Adolescent and Adults with Co-occurring disorders - Developed and Implemented strategies for Recovery Oriented Systems of Care - 24 years of business experience - 30 years experience working with addiction populations through a full continuum of care.(Note: You Could Easily Spend Up to $1000 For a Few Hours of Business Consultation!)