Uphoric – The Global Festival Television NetworkINSIDE THE GLOBAL FESTIVAL CIRCUITCreative entertainment marketing and experiential agency UG Strategies announces the upcoming launch of Uphoric, the world’s first digital television network dedicated to the global music festival circuit. Uphoric will provide viewers with an exclusive look into the world of festivals, from backstage to onstage. Programming will include artist and music content, behind-the-scenes footage, live concert streaming, industry documentaries, insider interviews, reality TV, and much more. Uphoric will initially launch via online and mobile destinations, and will also distribute content via international third-party cable and multi-channel networks.“UGS has been working closely with festivals around the world for over a decade, and has heard the demands of fans to have a platform that allows them to experience festivals, and the endless content that comes from them, at any given moment,” says Parag Bhandari, of UG Strategies. Uphoric will not only explore the music, artist, industry, and brand trends within festivals, but also provide exclusive content created by festival professionals, with the personalities who actually bring you these events. Uphoric is a new digital network that brings the global festival experience to one destination, from a perspective never seen before.”While the majority of Uphoric content is captured at music festivals, the network’s coverage will also document key film, food, fashion and other lifestyle aspects that surround these events. Original shows such as Artist Access, which showcases performing festival talent, On The Road, an insider’s look at festival touring life, and Industry Profile, which documents the careers of festival promoters, music producers, celebrity chefs, costume designers, booking agents, publicists, etc., are all in development. To view the network announcement trailer, soundtracked by ChimesOur MissionVanMusic is the first place you'll find the newest and best music from Vancouver's Independent Music Scene. We at VanMusic are dedicated to the local talent and firmly believe that Vancouver is going to explode as the place to find music. We intend to grow with the scene and it is our goal to propel the best musicians that Vancouver has to offer into the spotlight. Music is a movement that flows around the globe. From Liverpool to Seattle, from New York to London, from L.A. to Vancouver and from Vancouver to the world.