Film Review: FIFTY SHADES OF GREY (*Spoilers!)By Sofia Tate | February 8, 2015 at 8:23 am“FIFTY SHADES OF GREY” – See it, then judge it.After I’d read the raves from the audience members of the “Fifty Shades First” screening of Fifty Shades of Grey that Today hosted on Friday, I kicked myself for not trying to get a ticket for it. I accepted that I would just have to wait until Thursday when I’d be seeing it at 8pm. And then, the unexpected happened. Universal Studios tweeted at 3pm that there would be a second screening at the Ziegfeld at 7:30pm! I sent my email address to get the tickets. Nothing. Then I used one of my Twitter accounts to enter, and voila! I received the tickets within seconds. I hauled myself to West 54th Street, walked the grey carpet, and got a perfect seat in the center orchestra.Before we continue, I will state that I read all three books and enjoyed every one. I would suggest reading the book first to know what to expect. (If you haven’t read the book, this review has SPOILERS.)Firstly, the film was much better than I expected it to be. Honestly, I didn’t really know what to expect, but I kept my hopes low before I went in so as not to be disappointed afterwards.I wasn’t disappointed, not in the slightest.Casting: I liked both Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan before they were cast. Dakota’s memorable scene with Justin Timberlake in The Social Network was the first time I’d seen her on camera, followed by her short-lived Fox comedy, Ben and Kate, which I thought highlighted her abilities as a comedic actress. As for Jamie Dornan, I loved him as Count Fersen in Sofia Coppola’s Marie Antoinette and if you haven’t seen him as a serial killer in The Fall on Netflix, do yourselves a favor and binge watch both seasons. As much as I would’ve appreciated Charlie Hunnam as Christian, I was ecstatic when Jamie Dornan was chosen in the recast.Now, having said all that, they perfectly represented how I imagined Anastasia and Christian onscreen and they do have chemistry, contrary to published reports.Dakota plays the innocent perfectly. Her first scenes with Christian in his office and the hardware store are quiet and understated. Her voice isn’t too breathy and she keeps the lip biting to a minimum. As the film continues, she becomes more confident, both inside and outside the Red Room. The scene where she negotiates the contract with Christian is beautifully played, both with the lighting and tone of it, and at the end, you will find yourself cheering for Anastasia, as the entire audience did at my screening.This is something I wouldn’t expect to say about a film version of FSOG, but here it is: It is funny! That is all due to Dakota and her timing. Be prepared when Anastasia makes the drunken phone call to Christian. Hands down, that’s the funniest scene in the entire film; I laughed my ass off. Just to clarify, the humor in FSOG is intentional (at least it was for me).As for Jamie Dornan as Christian, he did a great job. When I first read the book, I found Christian to be reserved and intimidating, and that is exactly how he is played. You can see how Christian changes as the movie progresses; a smile escapes his lips now and then, but he still maintains his dominating nature. At the end when Anastasia leaves him, I completely felt his sadness and loss. He knew he’d lost something precious to him, but never realized how important she was to him until she walked out of his life for good.Vanilla sex, BDSM, and the Red Room of Pain: I’m surprised and thrilled at the sex scenes that the ratings board of the MPAA approved for FSOG to receive its R rating. There were no fade to black moments, no cameras veering away from them, none of that stupidity; the sex scenes are right up there on the screen, loud and proud, and as an erotic romance author, I wanted to stand up and cheer for every single one that was included. One scene literally made me gasp because I certainly wasn’t expecting it (a powerful thrust is involved), and I seriously wanted to have a post-coital cigarette and drink after it. Also, the soundtrack contributes greatly to each scene, perfectly complementing either the vanilla or the Red Room. The dialogue is also something I savored as an erotic romance writer: so raw and honest. After they negotiate Anastasia’s contract as Christian’s submissive and he tells her he wants to f*ck her right then and there (I won’t spoil the specifics of his line because it’s that good), I’m not going to lie, it made me randy as a jackrabbit. All of the sex scenes and the nudity (no full frontals, but the split second shots of body hair were enough for the perfect tease) made me appreciate how incredibly brave Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan had to be to film those scenes, how much they had to trust each other. That’s how you can tell they had chemistry and weren’t just phoning it in.Overall thoughts: the film had a gorgeous, modern feel to it-the sets, the costumes, the lighting. The rest of the cast is very good as well, especially Marcia Gay Harden and Jennifer Ehle as Christian’s and Anastasia’s mothers, respectively. I’ve read that the director Sam Taylor-Johnson is already on board to return for the adaptation of the second book, Fifty Shades Darker, and I for one can’t wait to see how she brings it to the screen not only because she did an incredible job with FSOG, but also because it’s my favorite book in the trilogy.Final thought: This is a smart, contemporary film that openly explores sex. See it first, then judge it.Growing up in Maplewood, New Jersey, Sofia Tate was a shy, quiet Catholic schoolgirl who never misbehaved. If only the nuns could see her now-writing contemporary erotic romance with gorgeous Alpha heroes, strong heroines, and smoking hot sex scenes! She is the author of the Davison & Allegra series for Forever Yours (BREATHLESS FOR HIM, DEVOTED TO HIM, and FOREVER WITH HIM-out this summer). @sofiatateauthor www.sofiatate.com