I have found my muffler shop for life. Most honest shop I've ever been to.My Mercedes was making a rattle noise which Mercedes Benz of Rocklin diagnosed as a "separated" catalytic converter and quoted me over $1,900 to repair. I thought it sounded a bit steep so I decided to get a second opinion.I came in early on a Saturday morning and met Gus. I told him my situation and he took a look at my exhaust system. Turns out that the rattle was coming from a loose flange near the muffler and not from my catalytic converter like MB of Rocklin stated. He tightened it up and didn't even charge me for the troubles. I promptly brought him and his boss Starbucks for being awesome and saving me $1,900.If you're looking for an honest shop with honest mechanics, look no further.What an excellent experience. Gus was amazing and completed a Magna-flow muffler install on my Challenger. He is very talented and the work was clean and custom. My car sounds great. I can't say enough about The Muffler Shack. What a top notch shop.I have a federally smogged blazer and the catalytic converter went out. Bunch of other places told me I had to buy the dealer part, around $1100 parts an labor, checked here and found we were able to get the CA system put on for 400 less! Very friendly and honest! Great work i will always come back here! Thanks guys!Blake's Muffler Shack is an astounding resource for custom exhaust fabrications. Blake is trusted with everything from daily drivers to custom built show cars....and given the quality of his work, it's no surprise. The man is not just a master metal fabricator, but a meticulous artisan. Blake's bends are ultra precise and his welds are incredibly clean and consistent. I took my brand new car to Blake's Muffler Shack for a custom built dual muffler axle-back system. His custom build looked as clean, if not cleaner, than the mass produced numerically controlled exhaust kits marketed by the national brands...and to top it off, he smoked their pricing. Blake and his assistant (Zack?) are an asset to central valley motorists and motorheads alike!I decided to go to Blake's Muffler Shack based on the other Yelp reviews and I'm sure glad I did! Gus installed the 2 mufflers on my car and did a amazing job. He took his time and made sure everything was perfect. I would HIGHLY recommend this shop for anyone needing exhaust work done in the area. Pricing was very fair and Gus was a pleasure to work with.I have had alot of exhaust work done on my vehicles over the years but have never seen bends and welds as nice as the Muffler Shack did for my 70 Chevy c10. They were able to use my existing flowmaster mufflers so i was able to save a few bucks. They are a little bit more than the competition but well worth it. I personally am willing to pay a little bit more on something that is permanent.This is a great exhaust shop. I've used several other muffler shops in sacramento and this is by far the best one I've found.I bought a cat-back exhaust for my truck online and didn't want to use the clamps it came with cause I've had them leak in the past. I called in an talked to Blake who was very helpful and did not try to sell me anything extra that I didn't need.I brought my truck in and Blake and Gus spent hours making sure everything was perfect (I told them to take their time since I had time to kill). After he was finished, Gus offered to show me the work they had done. He showed me all of the welds and the modifications they made to the exhaust to make it fit properly, and it looked excellent.The exhaust sounds great and I have had zero issues with their work. On top of that, they only charged me a hundred bucks which was way less than any of the other places I checked.If your looking for a high quality exhaust work at a very reasonable price this is the place to go!Checked Blake out last week asked him to check if I had an exhaust leak. He was busy with cars but he still checked it real quick for free. He quoted me a great price. I called/went to other places to see what they charge. Blake beat them by more than $50 took him 20 min for my fix. I'll go back anytime I have problem. No bullsh**** up sales. Good luck you'll be glad you went to BlakeI just got my car back after getting some damage to my exhaust system fixed. The repairs were done right at a really fair price. The mechanics and staff were great andcommunicated with me exactly what was going on. I've never had a better experience at a shop. I highly recommend Blake's Muffler Shack!Blake is good people in my book. Down to earth and very knowledgeable. Had him hook up my custom catback. He had to do some modifications, but he got it done and did it quickly. Came back to get a new resonator welded in and I was in and out in half an hour.The prices are fair here. The lobby is small, but he works so quickly you probably won't need to stay long. This place has one thing a lot of other places are lacking and that's customer service. If you're looking at a new exhaust system, or simply just want a new muffler tip, check Blakes Muffler Shack out first. This place is willing to work efficiently and around your schedule to make sure you, the customer, are satisfied.Stopped by here to get some cracks in my exhaust fixed. Blake delivered on time, as promised, and stuck to his estimate price. He even went out of his way to weld an additional part after the fact it wasn't part of the original estimate. I've been recommended a few shops but I'll be coming back here to get some custom work done soon.I have been to three other muffler shops in town (Regrettably) that have worked on my cars and none of them have compared to Blake's work. He is a true craftsman when it comes to bending pipe, clean welds and great advice on what system works well with the car you have. My Triumph TR 6 with an inline 6 cylinder has never sounded or looked so good! Awesome work Blake!!If you ever need exhaust work done, go to Blake's Muffler Shack. Totally totally nice guy. Was super fast, had the parts in stock and did a great job. Can't thank him enough for helping us out with our project. I'll totally be going back in the future. We couldn't be happier with the results!Came here to get a quick resonator delete for my 2009 VW GTI. Blake, the owner, was very personable and had great customer service. He honored my estimate from my phone call earlier in the day. Got the job done in about 30 minutes. One of his employees though backed up my car into the gate that blocked off the parking lot and the service station and hit it slightly. Blake was very apologetic and no damages were occurred. Overall, great experience. Great conversation. Would definitely recommend for any muffler/exhaust problems or modifications.Blake stayed late to accomodate my work schedule so I could get my exhaust done in time for a smog check.The new cat, new muffler, and new exhaust looks and sounds a lot better than what was on my Jeep before.Called around to different muffler shops to see who could replace our catalytic converter because our 4 Runner didn't pass smog. We talked to Blake he gave us a better then fair price for replacement. We were in and out in half hour. What a nice guy to do buisness with. We didn't feel intimidated or taken advantage of.A bonus is that our 1997 4 Runner has get up and go now. We will for sure be back and tell our friends about this buisness.Thank you.ChristineGranite Bay, caI purchased exhaust tips from BMW and they didn't put them on... So I drove down auburn blvd to go to the muffler shop across from the bingo center and the owner there closed early at 4:40p on a Tuesday.... Well I'm glad he did... Because I drove a little further down and found this place. Blake was super friendly and offered to throw them on for me... No charge. This is a prime example of old fashioned good business practice. He took care of me after BMW got over a bill for some crappy pieces of chrome and couldn't offer to put them on... Even for a price. I will spread the word... Blake is someone who loves their job enough to help accommodate a potential customer last minute without having his own agenda. Thank youThese guys are the best. Made a Yelp account just to say how great they were. Fast, friendly, and incredibly knowledgeable. One, more established, company told me that my exhaust leak problem was really bad and that I might just have to buy a new car. $100 later, my car felt like new and is totally smog-able Thanks guys!I am waiting for a tow right now. But the catalytic converter was stolen off of my old pick-up and I have been calling around all morning to find a shop that can get my truck fixed today for an affordable price.Gus, the owner, answered the phone. He was Super friendly and very helpful.He said how long it should take, gave me a _great_ price estimate and wrote it down for the mechanics later since he wasn't going to be there.He said they already have the part in the shop, and close at 5.It was perfect, fast, efficient, and now I'm just hoping they are just as good mechanics as they are on the phone!Called late in the day to get my catalytic converter replaced. The owner informed me that he had my part in stock and that while the shop was scheduled to close soon he would get my job finished for me. The price was better than any of the other shops I had called. The work was finished very quickly and in a professional manner. It's good to find a small business that is proud of their work and gives great customer service.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Blake did the custom exhaust on my ISF ... (in the pictures) ... amazing job.. he gave me an awesome price and quality work... the car sounds like a beast!!!! would recommend anyone to him and the shop...In this day and age it is so difficult to find a mechanic who is honest, fair, and great at his work, but Blake fits the bill. I talked to him in person and felt comfortable right away. We spoke a few times so I could figure out what I needed and what would work for me. Blake was helpful, knowledgeable, and direct - no b.s. I had to tow my van to him, and he did the work when he said he would. I would recommend this shop to anyone - it's the best muffler work for the most reasonable price I've ever experienced. I only wish is that he would run a full service station. Thanks Blake - you're the best!Gus at the muffler shack was GREAT! he was very accommodating and did a super job of explaining and showing me exactly what they we're doing and how they were proceeding. i needed a new catalytic converter which they were able to install for half of what the dealer wanted for JUST the converter.....plus Gus fixed some other issues just out of the goodness of his heart :-) very happy with my experience ...i'll defiantly be bring all my cars to themVery nice guys and very understanding and fair. My car needed a smog which failed. They said that i needed a catalytic converter. I called around to 3 places, 2 quoted me $425 and $450 and wanted to schedule me a week out. The Muffler Shack quoted $365 and said that I could bring it in today and they would get it done. They did and my car assed smog the next day.HistoryEstablished in 1950.Bud's Muffler Service was opened in the 50's and has been a popular muffler shop ever since. The shop is now known as "Blake's" Muffler Shack. Blake has been in the industry for over 14 years specializing in exhaust, custom metal and welding. Blakes work is some of the highest quality work in northern California. Blakes history includes handfuls of custom cars and one of a kind exhaust systems. Cars that Blake has worked on and helped build have been featured in magazines across the united states. With a portfolio that speaks for itself. Come down and take a look at some of the work he has done. Exhaust done right the first time at "Blake's" Muffler Shack