AKESON; ALT RECALLED Flyers GM Ron Hextall announced that forward Jason Akeson has been recalled from their AHL affiliate, the Lehigh Valley Phantoms. In addition, defenseman Mark Alt has been recalled under emergency conditions.Akeson takes the place of injured forward Vincent Lecavalier, who suffered an upper-body injury in Thursday’s 3-1 loss to the Hurricanes, and will not play in the season finale.Akeson leads the Phantoms with 22 goals and ranks second overall with 51 points having played just 53 games. He has eight points (2g-7a) in his last seven games. Akeson began the year with the Flyers on their opening day roster and appeared in 12 games, going scoreless, while averaging 7:36 of ice time.Akeson’s NHL debut came nearly two years ago against the Ottawa Senators (Apr. 27, 2013) when he also scored his first NHL goal.Overall, in parts of four seasons with the Flyers organization, he has two points (1g-1a) in 14 regular season games and an additional two goals and three points in seven Stanley Cup Playoff games, all during the Flyers’ first round series vs. Rangers in 2014.In parts of four seasons with the Phantoms, Akeson has amassed 223 points in 260 AHL games, including 80 goals and 143 assists.The 23-year-old Alt recently appeared in his NHL debut with the Flyers on Mar. 28 vs. San Jose where he appeared in 13 shifts and logged 9:25 of ice-time. With the Phantoms, Alt posted eight points (2g-6a) in 39 games this season.GUDAS BEGINS TO SKATE The last morning skate for the Flyers brought about a nice surprise for the group. Radko Gudas, the player acquired at the trade deadline for Braydon Coburn, took his first steps on the ice with his new teammates while rehabbing from his injury.“Obviously the goal was to skate as soon as I could so it’s awesome to participate and be with the guys out there,” said Gudas after the skate. “It makes me feel [like I’m] more on the team.”In his third NHL season, Gudas appeared in 31 games for the Lightning this season before coming to the Flyers. He posted five points (2g-3a), while averaging 17 minutes of ice time per game.He suffered what turned out to be a season ending injury on his right knee around the New Year with the Lightning which required surgery. The rehab process has been slow, but today was a big test for the 24-year-old defenseman.“I’m trying to get as best as I can into hockey condition. It’s going to take a while. Almost four months now so it’s slow but it’s getting better,” added Gudas, who made it clearly known that he is putting in the hours to get back into top condition for next year’s training camp.Gudas has yet to officially appear in a Flyers sweater on the ice but the Czech Republic native, who represented his country at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi along with now teammate Jakub Voracek, is considered to be a tough stay-at-home defenseman who is also a heavy hitter.“That’s part of my game,” added Gudas. “I’m trying to be as physical as I can [and] make the opposite team not want to be on the ice with me. Obviously if I can get back to that, that’s my goal for sure.”Although there’s no chance of playing in either of the final two games for the Flyers, Gudas is happy to be around a team atmosphere again.“Getting on the ice was huge. That was the biggest thing for me I think. I’m just happy I’ve done that before the end of the season.”If re-joining the team and getting to know the guys a little better before they break for the summer was the biggest thing for Gudas, it certainly wasn’t what he was most grateful to the Flyers organization for.“I had a daughter two weeks ago so they allowed me to be with my wife. That was the biggest part.”APR33:01 p.m.WEEKEND GOALTENDING Prior to the team departing for Raleigh today, Flyers head coach Craig Berube announced that he will split his goaltending duties for this weekend’s 14th and final set of back-to-back games.Ray Emery will get the start against the Hurricanes on Saturday afternoon, which is the team’s final road game of the season, while Steve Mason will face the Penguins on Sunday afternoon.Emery gets his first start since being inserted into the lineup on late notice against the Oilers in Edmonton on Mar. 22. He made 29 saves in a 5-4 loss in overtime. He will also be going for his first win since a 2-1 victory in Buffalo on Feb. 15.Emery owns a 10-10-6 record with a 3.15 goals-against average and .892 save percentage in 29 appearances. He also owns six of his 10 wins on the road, which are also six of the Flyers’ 10 road wins this season, going 6-6-4 with a 3.36 GAA and .884 save percentage away from the Wells Fargo Center.Mason will face off against the team he defeated two days ago, stopping 24 of 25 shots en route to a 4-1 victory over the Penguins in Pittsburgh. He is 16-17-11 in 48 appearances so far this season with a 2.22 goals-against average and .928 save percentage.Mason currently ranks third among all NHL goaltenders with his .928 sv pct, which is also within range of what would be the best save percentage for a Flyers goaltender since the NHL started officially tracking the statistic in 1982. The current franchise high belongs to Roman Cechmanek, who had a .925 save percentage over 58 games in the 2002-03 season.In other news, forward Wayne Simmonds was seen at practice watching from the sidelines. He has been out of action since suffering a lower-body injury on Mar. 25 vs. Chicago. Flyers GM Ron Hextall announced that he would miss four weeks of action. Despite missing the last two games, he continues to lead the Flyers in goals (28) and power-play goals (14), while recording 50 points in 75 games to finish the 2014-15 season.