Originality is a virtue in most creative pursuits, but in Hollywood, it will always be less appealing to studio bosses than more of the same. Audiences and critics often decry the sequels and franchises that flood multiplexes, but when filmmakers like the Wachowskis answer their calls for something original and innovative with a film like “Jupiter Ascending,” they’re often rewarded with a cold shoulder. With a production budget of $179 million, not to mention tens of millions spent to promote the science-fiction adventure, and an opening of only $19 million, “Jupiter Ascending” will likely be one of the year’s biggest flops.“Audiences are kind of reticent to take a chance on something they don’t know or understand,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at Rentrak. “They marketed the heck out of this movie, and it was still tough to bring people through the door.”All the red ink that “Jupiter Ascending” will spill will make studios all the more conservative and risk-averse. There will be more reboots, retreads and revivals as companies try to give facelifts to geriatric franchises such as “Star Wars,” “Indiana Jones” and “Ghostbusters.” That’s bad for audiences and, ultimately, for business. Right now the formula is working, but the repetition risks making the moviegoing experience feel stale and overly familiar.As Lana Wachowski told the Los Angeles Times on Friday, “When I was young, originality was everything. A sequel was like a bad word. We’ve gone to the opposite place where [audiences] actually are more excited about a story we know the ending to.”She’s right. Where are the fresh visions of distant worlds and futuristic conflicts to inspire the next George Lucas or Steven Spielberg? Younger audiences are already abandoning the theater in favor of videogames and mobile devices. Nostalgia for an era of popcorn films they didn’t grow up with is unlikely to lure them back.At the same time, television and gaming have supplanted movies as platforms for iconoclastic works of art ranging from “Mass Effect” to “Breaking Bad.”In a Wired opinion piece, Angela Watercutter urged people to buy a ticket to “Jupiter Ascending” even as she acknowledged that it was deeply flawed.“Do it because the Wachowskis are part of a shrinking species: original sci-fi filmmakers,” she wrote. “And in these long, cold months before the Marvel machine cranks back up, it’s good to remember what those look like — for better or worse.”So what went wrong? Ever since “Jupiter Ascending” introduced footage last spring at CinemaCon of Mila Kunis as a cleaning lady who discovers she’s queen of the universe and Channing Tatum as her protector, a genetically enhanced creature with Spock ears, the buzz for the film has been very bad indeed. The sense of impending cinematic disaster intensified after Warner Bros. opted to push the film out of its July release date last summer and into February.The studio was hoping that additional time for reshoots and effects work would help salvage the film and put it on the path to solvency. It had employed a similar strategy for troubled or problematic productions such as “300: Rise of an Empire,” “The Great Gatsby” and “Gravity,” one of the rare original science-fiction epics that worked. Unfortunately for “Jupiter Ascending,” the extra time couldn’t wipe away the stench of failure, and critics overwhelmingly decried the film as an overcooked bore.Across town, there’s likely a feeling of Schadenfreude among Warner Bros.’ competitors, but delighting in the Wachowskis’ misfortunes would be misguided. It signals that the siblings have lost their deft sense of the culture that made “The Matrix” a phenomenon. Given that it marks their third consecutive dud, following “Speed Racer” and “Cloud Atlas,” these once blazing-hot talents risk being iced out of the A-list.“They’ve been making the movies they want to make ever since the first ‘Matrix,'” said Phil Contrino, vice president and chief analyst at BoxOffice.com. “But there’s only so much mileage you can get from a big hit until people turn off the funds. They need to find something more commercially accessible and crank out a hit quick if they’re going to buy their clout back.”Like Michael Mann, who headlined the recent box office disaster “Blackhat,” the Wachowski siblings may be forced to return to lower budgeted films and face years in the big studio wilderness. That’s a shame. The movie business needs these sorts of prickly geniuses. The alternative is overly caffeinated and commodified productions designed to sell toys, not stir imaginations.“Jupiter Ascending” may have crashed and burned, but at least it tried to soar on the strength of its own originality and daring. Its failure makes it harder for other filmmakers to get a chance to take similar risks. In this climate, would “The Matrix” ever have gotten made?I’ve watched it a half a dozen times now and I’m convinced it’s one of the best Sci fi movies ever made. It suffered from Serenity-itis though, too much pressure, too many edits, not enough love. Great film, wish we would get a few sequels.Hollywood and fanboys gave too much credit to 2 directors who are a one hit wonder. First matrix was landmark moviemaking, V was good and Cloud Atlas was ok. Everything else is recycled glued garbage or stories that don’t add up. They are good at making intros, ok at developing the stories, but lousy concluding them. They don’t know how to write a story! Period. The matrix franchise went to stupid lengths in a desperate attempt to please audiences with shots of SFX drugs and pseudo philosophical BS. After all these years is clear what their game is. Amaze ppl with never ending plot devices and useless characters that go nowhere, ending up with more plot holes than a WWII bombing. These are cheap shots and that’s why matrix failed is conclusion. Unfortunately they have great apprentices in the likes of JJ Abrahams and others, who destroyed Lost with plot holes just for the audiences amazement, and is preparing to do the same with Star Wars. Other hipster highly overrated directors will follow these bros.I also loved it. It was genius tying into many themes. Tribalism being key. Why it’s ok to “use” other creatures for your ends if they aren’t part of your group. We do the same with the arbitrary distinction we make between some animals being pets and others being ok to eat. Instead of humans being at the top of the food chain, in Jupiter Ascending, humans are looked upon as a raw product for other aliens pharmaceuticals. Quite brilliant. The short term memory wiping was also a nice addition and consistent with contemporary UFO knowledge about how all kinds of interactions can happen without the general population finding out. The few that aren’t affected are discounted by the majority of the population because their reports don’t fit the majority perception. A really brilliant film.I don’t understand people anymore!! STOP PICKING MOVIES APART SHUTUP CLOSE YOUR EYES AND OPEN YOUR IMAGINATIONS!!! Enjoy a movie like we use to, stop criticizing and tearing them apart. I personally felt like this was a great movie, sure there was alot of detail kind of skipped over and some of the story really seemed rushed but believe it or not i saw this movie twice in Theatres because I went with two different people feeling like this was a movie they would like. Sit back grab your snacks open your mind stop nit picking and enjoy an adventure to something more then our miserable purposeless lives we live. Movies are entertainment and an escape, something meant for people to enjoy and dream of, a way to escape the struggles of everyday life. I for one am not fortunate enough were i can sit back and say this movie sucked, i take a dump that looks better then this movie its horrible. I personally sit back and enjoy the effects the dream of more and marvel in the beauty of our earth even under all of it’s crap. SO take your heads out of your a##es because most of you critics these days woulnd’t know a good movie if it stabbed you in the face!!!If the story is weak, nothing else matters. You can only put so much perfume and lipstick on a pig. No on “dared” tell these two “No.” This entire fiasco could have been avoided and a good movie made in the bargain if these two “Film makers” had climbed out of their own self made bubble. If they had listened when someone. anyone told them their story was weak and the characters feeble, so much could have been done so much better. NO, they did not have a good story. NO, they did not have deep, meaningful characters. All the “Arthouse” stuff in the world won’t save a film if those two things are missing.. But finally, as a Film maker, when someone does tell you “NO” you have to have the courage and the love of the art to step back, and alter your vision. The Wachowski’s sacrificed JA on the altar of their egos, when they built a world around themselves and their “work” where no one was given the chance to say “NO.”I think most people like originality. What we don’t like is bad storytelling, one-dimensional characters. The movie rushes, crams like an Asian student on a final, leaving no room for the audience to incubate our own ideas and theories. In a Intelligent ideas presented in an adolescent manner is a turnoff. This is completely different from well-placed adolescent references/jokes. When u’re dealing with many ahead-of-trend ideas there needs to be exceptional storytelling to lead the audience.. let us connect the dots ourselves. I felt there was a lack of respect for the base material, it was just fast food. Matrix succeeded not just because its concepts were right in trend, but because the movie built rapport before taking us down the rabbit hole. Jupiter Asc wants a one night stand. Eww.I dont think the article is saying Jupiter ascending is a good movie that people have not been going to see. The article is sayimg tjay its a shame that a reboot or prequel of a lesser quality acting&script wise but with the same budget/fx would have made 500 plus million world wide. So yes.. If JA was a 90 on RT, of course it would have made money. The point is people will see a movie with a user RT in the 40s they know the ending to but not an original of the same score. (I know RT ratings are not a perfect metric but its the easiest way to give a quality score to a movie ) Ultimately hollywood will run out of reboots and sequels and people will have to go back to going to see originals (Whatever the quality). For now im going to wait for WB to bribe the Tolkien estate into giving peter jackson the movie rights to the silmarilian and a 20th x-men movie (rubs hands)Oblivion was another under appreciated SF film. It was the first SF film I’d seen in years that gave me the same feeling as reading a really good SF book; where much is left to your imagination to fill in. This is lacking from so many recent films that feel they have to “blow you away” with loud glaring special effects. I really loved Oblivion. It also met with a lot of undeserved negative comments.How about adapting something (and paying for it lol) written by a good sci fi writer – like Asimov, Heinlein, Niven, Pournelle or one of the newer sci fi talents like David Brin or Dan Simmons. Im a huge sci fi fan but i passed on this movie because the plot idea was just utter crap.But…the only GOOD SF thing that Simmons ever wrote — and likely the only thing, other than, maybe CARRION COMFORT, that will stand the test of time, is/are the four “Hyperion/Endymion” novels, and they’re already optioned.How can a person seriously present an opinion of something they haven’t experienced? That’s the “crap”. Half the opinions posted on this film have been from people who haven’t seen it. Why are you wasting everyone’s time and slandering a creative effort? This film was genius, but if you are not current with the knowledge base of the “UFO/ET” community you will not have many associations to appreciate the film (you have to at least see it first). If you believe eating animals is different than eating humans you will not appreciate it. If you feel humans are the dominate life form you will not appreciate it. Tribalism, survival and emotions, universal drives that pervade all living creatures (Grey’s possibly excepted). The list goes on.specifially id like to see Foundation stories set in Asimov’s universe (supposedly in development hell). Id also like to see Niven’s Known space done properly as a series of films. Id also like the Mote in Gods Eye universe of the CoDominium to be explored (Niven- Pournelle). David Brins interstellar Uplift Saga (this is 4-5 blockbusters if done right) and finally Dan Simmons Hyperion Saga (which is in development hell as well). Those are the films sci fi fandom might like to see – and they will promote such films heavily to their friends who arent into SF as much.I liked the movie, it is new and proper cosmic syfy for ages (Gravity and Interstellar – local problems, puny humans). I like that it shows, that our planet are not the center of universe – people are getting to egocentric thinning that Earth is number 1. Ok, this movie has problems, and additional hour will fix a lat of them, but in the end, there is movies you watch only once and those you wanna watch again, this one for me is in second group.To be fair, when Wachowski talks about how ‘sequel’ used to be a bad word when he was younger; the actual quality of sequels has improved immensely since they were popularized as a business model in the 80’s. The 1980’s and 90’s were wrought with god awful sequels, and while I’m not going to argue that the franchise thing is a detriment to the overall state of filmmaking, I think its important to note this fact.If they want people to watch their movie, how about make a good freakin movie? I’m not going to treat them as a welfare case and go see it just to support them. They need to get off the drugs they are on and get back to basics and make good movies.Exactly. If a movie works, it works. The Matrix was original and it was extremely well-made. Everything they’ve made since (okay, some like the sequels) has stunk, regardless of its level of originality. Seems like they’ve gotten bogged down in high concepts and visual flash, and forgotten how to tell a good story. Wouldn’t be the first time someone had one HUGE success and subsequently got lost up their own asshole (see Michael Cimino and especially, M. Night Shyamalan).The only thing that can redeem the Wachowskis is another Matrix trilogy. Unless they screw it up somehow, this will probably be a multi-billion dollar deal. This could be bigger than the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Bigger than Star Wars.I agree. It’s a fictional future most people are already familiar with, thus it doesn’t require a two-hour introduction like in Jupiter Ascending which left little to no time for character development. I don’t want epic visuals, I want believable characters I feel with and a story that moves me. And that could take place within every fictional universe of any franchise. The fictional universe of any franchise is just the bait to attract audiences, but within there should be a good and interesting story worth telling.I think this movie could have been better if it had been a hour longer. Too much was jammed into the first 40 minutes. So many of these films seem rushed. Same for interstellar, but I don’t think Interstellar was as great as people say. The character development was non-existent and much of the writing was crap. A woman hasn’t seen her father in 100 years and kicks him out of her hospital room after only a brief chat before she dies? Come on… One other thing…why do people hate on “Cloud Atlas”? I thought it was absolutely brilliant.“In a Wired opinion piece, Angela Watercutter urged people to buy a ticket to “Jupiter Ascending” even as she acknowledged that it was deeply flawed.”Is that so it can count as BO? If not why don’t I just send them a few bux. Saves the gas money, plus that portion of a dead tree they use to print out the ticket, a sum which according to the reviews is doing the film a favor.Jupiter Ascending failed because it was bad. I’m not going to promote originality for the sake of originality. The writing was terrible. Cleaning lady becomes Queen of the Universe! Why? Because she’s the genetic reincarnation of some ancient royal. Oh yea, that’s likely. I HATE chosen one character story lines, and audiences do too. We want a character to rise on their merits as a person, a leader, and a warrior, not on their genetics and family name. You chose wrong, you wrote wrong, you paid wrong. Into the flop pile with you.I don’t agree with that. The Matrix is a perfect example of a chosen one story that was very successful and from the same directors. Luke Skywalker and Harry Potter being just two more examples that were highly successful. I like those kind of stories and believe audiences do to (based on examples I’ve given). Even if we aren’t one of the chosen ones ourselves, we can relate because we all kind of wish we were. It’s like winning the lottery.What this article is asking is film sacrilege. If a film is bad, it should do badly, I’m not going to see it just to tell Hollywood that I want more crappy sci-fi. There ARE original sci-fi movies making bank, like Interstellar and Gravity, as well as the Marvel movies. JA didn’t do poorly because it was weird, it did poorly because it was bad. Also, the Wachowski’s have never been A-list quality imo, they made ONE good movie ever followed by very expensive duds. Everyone knows the film industry is making less and less money so of course they’re risk-averse. I don’t like that, but I’m not going to support bad movies for the sake of variety. If everyone was forced to have smaller budgets it would be better for the industry in my opinion, The Matrix vs Matrix Revolutions.Either lose the half hearted romance, or do it properly. They had like one conversation and suddenly it’s love! This film’s flaws made me sad, because the world was creative and beautiful and new. They could have taken it to such a great place; more interaction between the siblings perhaps, more about their mother, less Jupiter needing to be rescued again and again.What is the common thread here? Blackhat and Jupiter Ascending both have the same fatal ingredient. Channing is great in the right role, but these were not the right roles for this star. It’s too bad 179 million dollars could not have seen this coming. He had a moment where studios wanted him fast, after Magic Mike (a film I admit I have not seen). He was good in the second GI JOE (for the five minutes they gave his character Duke). He totally fits in 21-22 Jump. Even White House wasn’t too bad. Ok, maybe, but throw any actor into a John McClain type role these days and you are bound to miss Bruce Willis (unless your name starts with Liam). Channing was just the wrong face for this movie, and the trailer for the film showed this flaw from start to finish. Here’s a tip that may have made the movie better looking- less color, more grit, more 1977 look, but same movie… Better appeal.This was a brilliant film. Unfortunately most people are too stupid and/or ignorant to understand it’s significance. The Matrix was a significant film because it defined the concept of virtual reality in our time not because it was a great action film. Jupiter Ascending can be looked upon as the new New Testament a thousand years from now. It incorporated all the current thinking in the UFO community of our place in the Universe. True genius to wrap that in with the dramatic story elements. A far as the public reaction; like leading a horse to water….What significance? I would agree that most people probably missed whom Neo was actually fighting in Matrix Reloaded and Matrix Revolutions because the Oracle explicitly said so at the beginning of Revolutions. The Matrix sequels were full of symbolism and metaphors but obviously inaccessible to many viewers. In contrast, other than featuring the theme of cannibalism the Wachowskis seem to be pre-occupied with (ever since their Carnivore screenplay), I didn’t find a lot of significance in Jupiter Ascending although I really looked hard for it. At the end of the film I just wished Jupiter had listened to V’s Piccadilly Circus speach in V for Vendetta…The writer of this article – Brent Lang – JUST DOESN’T GET IT. The problem with this movie WASN’T because it was original. The problem was that it was a poor movie. A lousy movie. People didn’t like it. Quite a few of my friends saw the picture and disliked it. So the next time a film flops – don’t go blaming the audience. Blame the filmmakers and the wrong-guessing people who green lighted it. They are the ones who should take the blame and have their jobs on the line. Beyond that, I don’t think the Wacholskis have made a good movie since the 1st MATRIX, and I’m not alone in that.Wachowskis simply reached the maximum EQ level of the already very dumb audiences. Their movies are like IQ test. Starting with uSSa currently occupied by the dumbest population on the Earth unfortunately eagerly folowed by others. The resuld is sadly inevitable.Isn’t it possible that these flops (‘Jupiter Ascending’ and ‘Blackhat’) are just bad movies? Personally, I love really original, groundbreaking concept movies. ‘Gravity’ is a recent favorite (and did very well), ‘Interstellar’ was pretty good, and ‘Monsters’ was a pleasant surprise. ‘Jupiter Ascending’ looks like an overwrought mess and ‘Blackhat’ looks like it should have been made 10 years ago – and I’ve heard pretty much nothing but bad things about both. Should we support bad movies, just because they’re “original”?The Wachowski’s took a promising franchise they created and turned it into something laughable. The end of the Matrix trilogy was a mess. They aren’t as talented as they think they are. You want original scifi? Look at Niel Blokamp.You say it yourself, three stinkers in row. It’s not the audience’s fault it’s the Wachowski’s. We want original films, but they need to be good! Original crap is still just crap. Autonomy has proven to be the Wachowski’s downfall.Did you actually see any of the trailers or read any reviews before writing this? I’m a huge sci-fi/action fan and have no desire to see this one because the trailer is a random confusing mess and the reviews from actual moviegoers as well as professionals all say the movie itself isn’t much clearer. It isn’t failing because “it’s not a sequel”, it’s failing because it’s a mess.I think I may be able to help you understand what that odd scene in the middle of the movie (intergalactic bureaucracy) was all about. They kept saying she had to go through the ascension process in order to receive her entitlement to claim her title to earth. That is a metaphor for going through spiritual ascension, which, if you’ve ever gone through a Kundalini awakening would understand the parallel. Going through all of the Kundalini ascension trials/symptoms (look it up) is like waiting in various lines at the DMV. It can be stressful and just when you think you’re through, you have to wait in “another line”. All of this, of course, is so that a person can achieve enlightenment (which the movie playfully calls entitlement). Every review I’ve come across seems to miss this point. The movie actually parallels The Matrix very closely, in that, an ordinary person is plucked from obscurity, shown that there’s more to the world and the universe, goes through trials to prove that they are The ONE, and then saves the world. I’m sure that much was edited, and yes they could’ve done better. But I personally think that there’s an agenda at play to keep people from seeing movies like this, movies that touch a little on truths that the powers that be don’t want the masses to know. It was bad for many reasons, but I believe that the negativity regarding this movie when it comes to reviews is being heightened for a very specific reason. So people won’t go see it. The movie was based off the Terra Papers. Look into that yourself and you’ll see….Come on! They have had their shot. It’s like asking us to keep on watching M Knight Shyamalan just because “he writes his own stuff”. No. If it’s bad and if it sounds like a story we have heard before it’s not ground-breaking and I don’t feel I should support anything at all. I would not pay to see something for “what it could have been”.I loved Jupiter Ascending, and it just begs a sequel. This movie reminded me a bit of Dune, with an off-word predestined hero jumping into a long-standing battle for family control of a valued, futuristic commodity. It would be a bummer if people miss out on it just because the critics suck at critiquing.I know it’s clique to say, but indeed “critics are assholes”!!! I just watched the movie and I applaud the originality the Bothers offered us. I’m sick of reboots. How many times can you remake Spiderman and Batman, I ask? I am an advid fan of story telling through sight and sound, be it movies or music. I have a collection of Hollywood with eleven-hundred titles, so I think I should have a say to what I would like to watch…and I want more original material. Thank you Wachowski Brothers for your effort and I applaud you for you vision. I hope to see a sequel to Jupiter Ascending!I saw it last night and absolutely loved it. It made you think and I loved the computer animation. It is worth watching. I don’t know if it will translate as well for dvd but it is definitely a must see.I don’t know what happens in these 179 million dollar movie set ups. But the Wachowski siblings are creative visionaries of a unique form and genre – the sci fi movie and their vision should be supported and their films should be made. However, as often is the case with artists plucked out as true visionaries I imagine they are somewhat left to their own devices. This is a good thing, however in the movie making machine that involves up to thousands of people including vfx artists, execs, etc. I think the main thing is that these people need to be supported. While having truly great creative vision, how are they helped with their storytelling modes? I’m not saying their script should be passed around for rewrites, but while being allowed to keep their creative vision, I think they should be supported (understanding that this support is necessary) in the writing and re-writing process to ensure that their vision is delivered in its’ best possible way. As with many creative visionaries, this is often where they ultimately, eventually fall down. PT Anderson, Terry Gilliam and Wes Anderson (before he came back with The Grand Budapest Hotel). Even creative, artist visionaries are limited in what they can do and should be supported rather than help up on a pedestal as untouchable. And be kept in check with what the current market, audience want and simply helped in the more structured, craft-like and longer drawn process of screenwriting.I haven’t seen it yet, and still plan to despite the dismal opening. But, have to wonder how worse it could have been if they had released it when they originally planned to, and not redid a ton of things.I actually thought this was a sequel when I first started seeing the new ads, because I had remembered the ads the first time around.Sad, really sad that a lot of people couldn’t just sit down and enjoy this. It’s going to be considered a great tv movie soon enough. For years kids will love this film, LOVE IT and they will grow up considering the Wachowskis amazing. They’ll inspire a whole new generation. Guardians of the Galaxy was another typical Marvel machine movie with different types of characters, it was a bore. Not a single piece of exciting originality. Simple comedy, for simple minded masses. Jupiter Ascending, Cloud Atlas=Blade Runner of the 80s.What’s bad for the movie industry if critics! People are avoiding movies before they’ve even appeared in the bloody cinemas, just because they’ve heard it’s “the worst movie ever”…John Carter had similar problems, and that was one of my favourite films of the last few years because it had interesting characters and felt different to the usual stuff at the movies! People should make their own minds up and see it for themselves. Personally, I think this is a stupid, 80s style sci-fi flick and is exactly what cinemas need these days! Enjoyable non-stop nonsense that looks amazing! Less sequels, more originality!Comparing this to classic original sci-fi is apples-to-oranges. Typical original sci-fi makes due with a conservative budget, forcing the creators to focus on compelling stories and characters over multi-million dollar effects. Sequels then follow that expand these universes (and budgets). With a now baked-in fan base, studios can then afford this. JA went the other way around: lets shock potential fans into submission with $175 million effects at the sake of story and creativity. And yes, it is most certainly at the cost of these things because so often it is budgetary constraints that force creatives to come up with their most creative, compelling ideas – not carte blanche.If you decide to release a new movie with no franchise around it, make sure the script is great and you care about the characters. This script felt like a high school kid wrote it on the toilet 5 minutes before class. Those VFX guys made some pretty pictures and that’s all there was.