How do I view the West?ŞAHİN ALPAY February 08, 2015, SundayI am used to Islamic or Leninist fundamentalists accusing me now and then of being »»I am used to Islamic or Leninist fundamentalists accusing me now and then of being a toady, lackey, sycophant, etc. for Western imperialists due to my commentary in favor of Turkey's accession to the European Union and membership in the Western alliance.That is why I was recently taken aback a bit when a friend of mine, with whom I have many points of view in common, told me he sensed certain anti-West tendencies in me on the basis of my comments on the Charlie Hebdo massacre in Paris last month. It is perhaps a good idea that I clarify my position on the West.I believe in a world where democracy, secularism (in the sense of freedom of religion and conscience for all), human rights and rule of law prevail; where no one is discriminated against on the basis of gender, race, ethnic origin, religious belief, disability or sexual orientation; and where conflicts are resolved not by violence or war, but through peaceful dialogue and negotiation.I am convinced that such principles and institutions define contemporary civilization, which is based on the common experiences of humankind throughout the ages. I hold that the basic conflict in the world today is not between civilizations based on religion -- between Islam and the West, in particular, as the late Samuel B. Huntington argued -- but rather between those who defend contemporary civilization and those who reject it everywhere.It may be said that the countries of North America and Western Europe -- following bitter experiences over the centuries and after having inflicted much suffering on the rest of humanity – have, to a large extent, been able to establish the principles and institutions of contemporary civilization at home in the wake of World War II. That is why I appreciate the achievements of the West, find it more successful than the Rest and support Turkey becoming part of the West in this sense.This, however, does not at all mean that I approve of the West in all respects. I am opposed to both Western military interventions in other countries in order to advance its interests, as well as its abstention from intervening when necessary on humanitarian grounds. To give examples from the period after the end of the Cold War, I strongly opposed the former US President George W. Bush administration's war in Iraq, which has resulted in a tragedy the dire consequences of which the world is still suffering. I am also highly critical of the US President Barrack Obama administration's policy of denying substantial support to the people of Syria in their uprising against the dictatorship of Syrian President Bashar al- Assad, which has in certain ways contributed to the circumstances whereby the peoples of the region are faced with the scourge that is the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).I despise the Orientalism in the West that looks down on and scorns the peoples of the Rest in general, and Muslims in particular. My admiration for the principles and institutions of European integration today does not in any sense mean that I am oblivious to the fact that colonialism, racist, aggressive nationalism, secular fundamentalism and totalitarianism are also European products. I am highly alarmed by the similarities between the anti-Semitism of yesterday with the Islamophobia of today in Europe. Hate speech directed against Jews seems to be banned in principle, but free when against Muslims.I believe that the “Christian club” mentality has played a certain role in both Turkey's accession to the EU coming to a halt and in Greek Cypriots joining the club while Turkish Cypriots have been left out. I am convinced that the Israeli-Palestinian problem can only have a two-state solution. I have no doubts that the unconditional support lent by Western nations, with the US in the lead, to Israel's uncompromising policies is a major reason for the rise of violent radical Islamism.The atrocity committed against the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists is despicable, like all terrorisms Islamist terrorism must be condemned and suppressed. But the fanning of Islamophobia by secular fundamentalists is unacceptable, particularly under the current conditions of the rising tide of xenophobia and racism in Europe.Needless to say my positions are in large part determined by the fact that I am a Turk who takes a stand in favor of contemporary civilization as I understand it.