What is your Business Growth Strategy?Business Growth doesn't come by working harder. . it comes by working smarter! The Above the Standard team can help you reduce costs on hundreds of products & services you are already purchasing. Our team has the experience, connections, and supplier network to lower your costs on virtually any product or service your company is currently buying! We act as your advocate to protect your interests and to ensure you pay the lowest possible price.We Can Help!The Above the Standard team worked beyond expectation with the YWCA Greater Los Angeles on various tasks in procurement, finance, and administration; saving us thousands of dollars without adding additional employees! Above the Standard Procurement Group is the premiere go-to company for cost savings, efficiency and training! CEO, YWCA of Greater Los AngelesWe Can Help!“Throughout the course of a national project, we increased the overall discounts to 15% for monthly services, combined 40 accounts into one account, and eliminated multiple carrier solutions in a large portion of the West Region. The Above the Standard team drove this project by gathering detailed information regarding the current systems deployed and understanding the long term cost for those systems. The bottom line result was almost a 44% cost reduction per year." Major Account Executive, SprintAbove the Standard is On the Move!04/21/15 - Washington, D.C. – Above the Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. (Above the Standard), a global leader in profit maximization and business growth services, today announced a strategic partnership with VIPCO Advisors, Inc., a provider of Analysis, Finance, Procurement, Insurance and Social Media Marketing Services, with its headquarters in Dallas, Texas, United States. Read More04/21/15 -Washington, D.C. – Above the Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. (Above the Standard), a global leader in profit maximization and business growth services, today announced a strategic partnership with Rutherford Advisors, Inc. dba The Executive Suite a provider of executive coaching, executive recruiting, and leadership training, with its headquarters in Hyannis, MA USA. Read More02/15/15 - Above the Standard Procurement Group® and MavenVista Technologies Pvt Ltd, India Announce Strategic Partnership Washington, D.C. – Above the Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. (Above the Standard), a global leader in profit maximization and business growth services, today announced a strategic partnership with MavenVista Technologies Pvt Ltd, a provider of SaaS based state of the art e-souring solution, VENDX, with its headquarters in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. . Read More01/15/15 - Franchise Success Is About the Right Team!Ted Landgraf, CEO and Founder of Above The Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. (ATSPG), is passionate about helping people achieve success. He is a relationship-driven man, a self-described “old-ball” who has created a different franchise opportunity. I am intrigued by Ted and his company and thus welcomed the opportunity to learn more. Read More. . .11/08/14 - Read what Above the Standard's Bob Urillo has done for the Fayetville Observer! Saved them a quarter of a million dollars!Read More!Above the Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. is a “Global Leader in Profit Maximization and Business Growth Services, which includes: Cost Reduction, Procurement, and Financial Services.”Our proven 30-year track record has saved organizations all over the world billions of dollars. Our cost reduction methodologies have saved our clients an average of 28.2% | $500,000+ !!!The Above the Standard Cost Reduction Value PropositionNo RiskNo Cost*No HasslesNo OverheadWe don’t get paid until we save YOU money!*Very Little Time Required by You and Your Staff. We do all the work!Once Above the Standard completes the Request for Proposal, Scope of Work, Negotiations, and much more, your only task is to award a winning supplier from the finalists. Then, let the savings and best value begin!!!Why wouldn't you work with us???Success through Excellence!Above the Standard Procurement Group, Inc® was founded on two driving visionary principles:In order to succeed we must deeply understand each client as an individual!We must have the comprehensive expertise to meet the needs of all our clients. These two principles are found in every partnership with our clients and is the bedrock of our success!ATS is a full service firm, helping companies, governments, schools, and non-profits maximize their profits by reducing everyday operating expenses!Who is Above the Standard?A Personalized ApproachThere has never been a universal template that can be applied to all companies. EVERY company has so many unique aspects that taking a template driven approach is impractical at best.Above the Standard takes the necessary steps to understand our client first, and then craft a solution that will meet their unique needs into the future. This personalized approach allows us to become long-term trusted advisors to our clients.The Above the Standard team can help you reduce costs on hundreds of products & services you are already purchasing. Our team has the experience, connections, and supplier network to lower your costs on virtually any product or service your company is currently purchasing. We act as your advocate to protect your interests and to ensure you pay the lowest possible price.Listen to our recent radio message and hear how we can save ANY organization hundreds of dollars off their purchases!WebinarsRecent Case Studies"newspaper & print" Above The Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. staff has more than twenty-five years experience in handling consumables and negotiations with newspapers, printers, and their suppliers. Read More. . .Current White papersAbove the Standard Procurement Group®, Inc. provided a procurement strategy and solution to a category not normally addressed by most procurement professionals. ATS was offered the challenge and recognized that there was an opportunity to reduce cost but more importantly standardize the Commercial Insurance Program across a Multi-Billion Dollar Organization.