– Calling anyone a “celebrity chef” who isn’t one (E.g., Anthony Bourdain is not a “celebrity chef,” he was a hack cook who wrote a book and lucked into a TV career. No one ever went out of their way to eat in an Anthony Bourdain restaurant.)– Waitrons who tell you their first name (unless they’re trying to pick you up, or vice versa)– Waitrons who ask “is everything delicious” six seconds after the entrees are delivered– Salmon– Celebrity chef cookbooks– The Food Network– Any vegetable du jour– Gussied up American food (we get it – your mac n’ cheese beats all others)Aren’t Pierre Gagnaire and Jose Andres leaders of molecular cuisine? I thought ELV gave them favorable reviews here in Vegas? Don’t the other two major French chefs here in Vegas (Joel and Guy) incorporate some molecular techniques? (Now, I will agree that it’s annoying that 98% who try to do it suck, and don’t understand the fundamentals of cooking.)At least Anthony Bourdain has never called himself a celebrity chef, or even a “Chef.” He’s referred himself to a trained cook.On Nordic cuisine, I’m s little confused by this. Sourcing locally and from old techniques/recipes is bad?On things like tasting menus, “sauces,” and bespoke “whatever,” I can agree.Great column! Agree with all remarks except the one about salmon – maybe 5 minutes ago to you, I still love it and order it often! So true about the sauce spots, blobs and swipes across the plate! Seriously! And “bespoke,” really? Are we Saville Row now? Speaking of “bespoke,” how about the “handcrafted” cocktail, hamburger, et. al.ELV responds: The whole “it looks like a fava bean and tastes like a fava bean but it isn’t a fava bean it’s the essence of a fava bean congealed into the shape of a fava bean” thing is so tired and played out it is not even worth talking about anymore. Adria has retired and the whole kids-in-a-chemistry-class-cooking hasn’t influenced anything but the ability of Jose Andres to become a big shot on the world food stage. (Bully for him!)No one is even doing (or discussing) foams anymore. (Bully for diners!) The fact that we admire him and his restaurants (as well as Gagnaire – who IS a father of molecular cuisine as much as Ferran), in no way detracts from our distaste for the whole, overblown fad.Tweezer food is on the wane (if not dead already) and those who love it (I’m talking to you Steve McL. and Michael U.) are like modern art acolytes who love seeing envelopes pushed and perceptions challenged. There will always be a place for avant garde cuisine, but the days of ohhhing and ahhing over 20 teeny tiny plates of artfully “composed” dishes are deader than Woodrow Wilson.Thanks for the response, ELV. Andres and Pierre still respect the tastes of their products and foundations of simple cooking; they know how do it right. The 20 teeny tiny plates of “Art” are ready for a burial.