Top StoriesWe are writing to you from the future. In Australia, it is already after 9 a.m. on April 24 and obsessed fans are getting their hands on the Apple Watch hours before the majority of the world The same is happening across Asia, with fanboying rife across Japan and China. Social media from the region […]Crystal is definitely creepy, perhaps useful, and almost certainly a look at how we’ll communicate in the future. The post Write the Perfect Email to Anyone With This Creepy Site appeared first on WIRED.For tech-savvy travelers that want to stay at a hotel that’s as geeky as they are, check out some of our favorites, from tablets that function as command centers to robotic butlers. The post Check into the futuristic hotels that push technology beyond free Wi-Fi appeared first on Digital Trends.HTC looks to have a busy 2015 ahead, as news of yet another high-spec phone comes to light. The Butterfly 3 is rumored to have a 5.2-inch Quad HD screen, but it may only go to Asia. Here’s everything we know. The post HTC’s Butterfly 3 flits into view with high-end specs and a Quad […]Microsoft announced that it will sell the Surface 3 at a discount to any educational institution interested in purchasing it. Several schools in a handful of countries have already committed to purchasing and deploying the tablet. The post Watch out, Chromebooks: Microsoft’s Surface 3 takes aim at the education market appeared first on Digital Trends.Photo editing is easier than it’s ever been before, which means there’s no longer any excuses for posting substandard pics on your social sites To help you maximize the potential of your images, we’ve rounded up five simple fixes for common photo problems that you can fix in a matter of seconds See also: 5 […]We’ve compiled a list of our favorite Chromebooks, systems that combine great battery life, comfortable keyboards, and the performance it takes to run the lightweight Chrome OS. The post Take your Internet to go with our favorite Chromebooks appeared first on Digital Trends.Yesterday, Oklahoma governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill that approves the use of nitrogen gas for executions in the state. The method, which would effectively asphyxiate death row inmates by forcing them to breathe pure nitrogen through a gas mask, is meant to be the primary alternative to lethal injection, The Washington Post reports. […]We’ve been living in a bundled world. ESPN packaged with Nickelodeon, healthcare tied to employers, learning wrapped up in colleges and degree programs. We’ve grown up surrounded by so many bundled products and services that it’s easy to become blind to the flexibility and value presented by unbundling. Read MoreThe Deep Orange 5 is part car, part party venue. The concept vehicle has double-hinged doors that open out like nightclub doors, allowing easy access to seats that can be reversed, turning it from car into social space. It’s the creation of Clemson University’s International Center for Automotive Research, developed in partnership with General Motors, and […]You can now download your entire Google search history to your computer. Sound neat? That’s what I thought at first. And then I realized there were dangerous things in my search history—things way worse than my taste in porn. Read more…Sometimes you just need to grab 18 miles of fluorescent string, coat it in ultraviolet paint and stretch it along an art installation and hit it with black lights. At least that’s what artist Julien Salaud did recently with his “Stellar Cave” series….About TechseekrTechseekr.com is a hub of the lastest technology news and views, all gathered in one place for your convenience. We source news from the top tech sources to ensure we bring you only the best and most relevant content. We hope you'll find the tech news you're looking for here. You can also find us on Facebook and Twitter to ensure you always stay up to date with breaking developments.