Following suicide attacks on two churches in Lahore, local residents beat and burnt to death two men they suspected of involvement, a police official said.Islamist militants in Pakistan have attacked Christians and other religious minorities often over the past decade. Many Christians accuse the government of doing little to protect them, saying politicians are quick to offer condolences after an attack but slow to take any concrete steps to improve security.Anger at the lack of security for Christians in the majority-Muslim country escalated after the newest attacks, which killed at least 16 people and wounded nearly 80 during services on Sunday.The blasts occurred minutes apart in a majority Christian suburb of the eastern city. Police said they targeted two churches, one Catholic and one Protestant, that are very close to each other.I shot these pictures while covering the aftermath of suicide bombings outside two churches on the outskirts of Lahore.I was at home and suddenly my phone rang –it was a friend saying a loud explosion had been heard near a church in my area. People were shouting around him and his voice sounded panicky. I realised that it was a Christian area and possibly a suicide attack.Upon my arrival on the site, I saw people running everywhere in panic. Suddenly I noticed a mob of young people shouting and beating a man whom they suspected was behind the attacks. The man was nearly dead, and the anger was peaking. ‘Get him, hang him on a pole,’ the crowd shouted.Then another group came along, pulling another man and shouting for both to be burned. The next moment, people started gathering wood from a nearby shop and set the men ablaze. MoreThe UK’s Daily Mailreported last week that the British government is introducing a new criminal offence for teachers, social workers and counsellors who turn a blind eye to child sex abuse. Although that is too little, too late for the untold numbers of needless victims of sex “grooming” and trafficking rings, it’s a step in the right direction for the future. Unfortunately, the heart of the problem is not so much criminal as cultural.The government apparently decided to act following an official report on the notorious case of more than 1400 child victims of sexual abuse in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013. Children as young as 11 were raped, tortured, abducted and trafficked to other cities in England predominantly by gangs of British-Pakistani Muslims.Even more disturbing, if that can be imagined, is that the investigation into the case found that not only were authorities aware to some extent of the abuse, but that they did nothing about it. They ignored evidence and pleas about the abuse because the victims described the majority of the perpetrators as “Asian” men, which is how the British media commonly refer to Muslims. In an England seized in the grip of multicultural intolerance, authorities were paralyzed by the likelihood of being condemned as racists if they took action against Muslim suspects.Similar abuse occurred in Rochdale, Greater Manchester until another “Asian” ring was busted in 2012. Nine Muslim males eventually were convicted of rape and sex trafficking and jailed for a total of 77 years. They had “groomed” white girls as young as 13, passed them around the group for sex, and kept the victims quiet with alcohol, food and small sums of money. Again, police and social workers ignored or suppressed the abuse rather than be accused of racism.But now the British government plans to introduce a new criminal offence of “willful neglect” of children suffering abuse, similar to existing laws in Northern Ireland, Australia, the United States and Denmark. The new offence will apply when there has been a failure to act when a court determines that a “moral duty” to do so existed. This is in addition to a separate mandatory reporting law that would apply in schools, hospitals, churches, and sporting clubs. “It is about making sure that the professionals we charge with protecting our children – the council staff, police officer and social workers – do the jobs they are paid to do,” said Prime Minister David Cameron.He continued: “I am sending an unequivocal message that professionals who fail to protect children will be held properly accountable and council bosses who preside over such catastrophic failure will not see rewards for that failure.” That “proper accountability” translates to a jail sentence of up to five years or an unlimited fine.Child sex abuse will also be prioritized as a national threat by British authorities. In addition, the government is establishing a new national helpline for whistleblowers who work in relevant professions.But will that be enough? The Daily Mail earlier reported that dozens of offenders are still at large because the police simply aren’t bothering to arrest them. Greater Manchester’s Police and Crime Commissioner issued a report listing a jaw-dropping 13,000 child sex abuse cases in the last six years, of which only 1,078 offenders were convicted. A social worker whistleblower claimed that the police have put a “cap” on the number of child sex offenders they would arrest, and that during the 2012 case, police were “obsessed” with convicting just nine of the criminals while allowing many more to remain on the loose.In any case, the most problematic aspect of this issue is cultural, not criminal. Cameron commented thatwe have all been appalled at the abuse suffered by so many young girls in Rotherham and elsewhere across the country. Children were ignored, sometimes even blamed, and issues were swept under the carpet – often because of a warped and misguided sense of political correctness. That culture of denial which let them down so badly must be eradicated. MoreSecretary of State John Kerry disgraced his office yet again during his appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on March 11th. He sharply criticized an open letter to Iran’s leadership drafted by Arkansas Senator Tom Cotton and signed by 47 Republicans, which simply made the point that in our democratic republic the president does not get to bind our country irreversibly to an executive agreement he signs unilaterally with another country. “My reaction to the letter was utter disbelief,” Kerry lamented. He declared that “this letter ignores more than two centuries of precedent in the conduct of American foreign policy. It purports to tell the world that if you want to have any confidence in your dealings with America they have to negotiate with 535 members of Congress.” He called such an idea “both untrue and profoundly a bad suggestion.”In any event, added Kerry, Congress would not be able to change the terms of any nuclear deal entered into by President Obama and the other five negotiating partners with Iran. His explanation was pure Orwellian doubletalk. Kerry asserted that what he was negotiating would not be considered a “legally binding plan,” but would have “a capacity for enforcement.”At one fell swoop, Kerry displayed contempt, hypocrisy and evasiveness to members of a co-equal branch of our government and to the American people.Perhaps Secretary of State Kerry forgot what Senator Kerry did shortly after entering the Senate in 1985 and joining the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He was then a junior senator, just like Senator Cotton is today. However, unlike Senator Cotton, Senator Kerry did not just write an open letter to the leader of a country with which the United States had an adversarial relationship. He went much further – literally.At the time, a core element of the Reagan administration’s foreign policy was to oppose any dealings with the Communist leaning government in Nicaragua led by President Daniel Ortega Saavedra and to support rebels, known as contras, who were challenging the regime.Kerry did not like the Reagan policy towards the Nicaraguan regime and opposed providing any aid to the contras. That would have been fine if he had confined himself to his legislative duties. However, Kerry decided to actively interfere with the Reagan administration’s foreign policy. Joined by then Senator Harkin of Iowa, Kerry traveled down to Nicaragua and met with Nicaraguan President Ortega for face-to-face discussions. Said Kerry at the time: “Senator Harkin and I are going to Nicaragua as Vietnam-era veterans who are alarmed that the Reagan administration is repeating the mistakes we made in Vietnam. I am willing….. to take the risk in the effort to put to test the good faith of the Sandinistas.”Senator Kerry brought back Ortega’s offer of a cease-fire if Congress rejected aid to the rebels.Kerry described Ortega’s peace proposal as “a wonderful opening.” On the Senate floor he said, “Here, in writing, is a guarantee of the security interest of the United States.”Shortly after Kerry returned from his trip with his “guarantee” from Ortega in hand, Ortega visited Moscow where his regime was granted a $200 million loan.White House Deputy Press Secretary Robert Sims said the proposal, which had not been made formally to the U.S. Embassy, contained “nothing new” and did not provide for “a dialogue of reconciliation.” He said its main purpose appeared to be aimed at influencing a Congressional vote against providing aid to the Nicaraguan rebels.Secretary of State George P. Shultz condemned the trip. “We cannot conduct a successful policy when (congressmen) take trips or write ‘Dear Comandante’ letters with the aim of negotiating” with the Nicaraguan government, Shultz said. “I’m sure it’s a quite a problem for us when Senators run around and start dealing with the Communists themselves.” Schultz called the Ortega offer delivered by Kerry and Harkin a “fraud” that was “designed to distract attention” just before Congress was preparing to vote on aid to the rebels.Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger also weighed in. “If the Nicaraguans want to make an offer, they ought to make it in diplomatic channels,” Kissinger said. “We can’t be negotiating with our own congressmen and Nicaragua simultaneously.”Kerry denied that he had negotiated with Ortega. But that is exactly what he and former Senator Harkin had done, waving Ortega’s peace offer that Ortega made directly to them.Flash forward 30 years to Secretary of State John Kerry’s hypocritical condemnation of the Republican senators’ open letter to the leaders of Iran. No senator traveled to Iran to meet with its Supreme Leader or president, as Senator Kerry had done when he took it upon himself to meet with Ortega. All the Republican senators did was to write the equivalent of an op-ed piece, framed as an open letter to Iran, informing them of Congress’ constitutional role in connection with any negotiated nuclear arms deal with Iran. President Obama brought this on himself when he cavalierly indicated his intention to veto any legislation that would give Congress the right to review, much less approve, the terms of any deal with Iran before it goes into effect.While Kerry was crystal clear in his criticism of the Republican senators’ action, his declaration that what he was negotiating would not be considered a “legally binding plan,” but would have “a capacity for enforcement,” is another matter. At first blush, it seems to be internally contradictory. How can something be non-binding yet enforceable? The answer to Kerry’s cryptic statement lies in the United Nations Security Council.The five permanent members of the Security Council – the United States, the United Kingdom, France, China and the Russian Federation – are negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran. Germany is also represented on what is called the P5+1 negotiating team. If the framework of a deal is finalized with Iran, the United States or one or more of the other members of the Security Council can submit a resolution to the Council that endorses the agreement framework. The resolution could call for incorporation of the deal’s terms into a final agreement and its full implementation, including inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The resolution would likely include a statement that the Security Council reserves the right to impose unspecified consequences if Iran violates any provisions of the agreement. If Iran shows evidence of compliance, the sanctions previously imposed on Iran by the Security Council could be lifted. Such a resolution would be considered legally binding under international law with “a capacity for enforcement” under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter. It would not be subject to rejection by Congress. In other words, by using the United Nations to endorse and effectively incorporate by reference the terms of the deal, the Obama administration would be presenting Congress and the American people with a fait accompli.This is not just a theory. Reuters reported exclusively on March 12th that talks are underway on a UN Security Council resolution “to lift U.N. sanctions on Iran if a nuclear agreement is struck, a step that could make it harder for the U.S. Congress to undo a deal.” This would not automatically affect the separately imposed sanctions by the United States and its allies. However, it would give President Obama more leverage in arguing that such sanctions should be eased as well so as not to be out of sync with such an internationally supported Security Council resolution. Of course, the resolution would have been set in motion by the Obama administration itself in order to neutralize any Congressional opposition to a deal negotiated with Iran.Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif said earlier this week, in criticizing the Republican senators’ open letter, that if the current negotiations result in a Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, it “will not be a bilateral agreement between Iran and the US, but rather one that will be concluded with the participation of five other countries, including all permanent members of the Security Council, and will also be endorsed by a Security Council resolution.”The State Department is being cagier. In an exchange with reporters at the March 11th daily State Department press conference, the State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki alluded to the role that the Security Council played with regard to the chemical weapons disposal agreement worked out with the Syrian regime. However, she avoided answering whether the same model might be used to render a deal with Iran legally binding under international law:PSAKI: Well, I used the example of Syria, right, as an example. This framework was not legally binding and was not subject to congressional approval. It outlined steps for eliminating Syria’s chemical weapons and helped lay the groundwork for successful multilateral efforts to move forward. So I’m just conveying what we’re talking about as it relates to the political understandings and what we’re discussing with the parties.QUESTION: I guess maybe this a question you could ask the lawyers, because I’m sure it’s not there. But I mean, if it was nonbinding, why did the Syrians comply with itPSAKI: Well, as you know, we – there was an agreement – there were discussions, and they agreed to certain terms.QUESTION: Right.PSAKI: And then it went to the OPCW and then it went to the UN. So —QUESTION: Actually, in the case of the security – the Syrian agreement, there was a Security Council vote, which I think made it binding.PSAKI: Well, that – I just said. And then it went to the UN to the Security Council vote…QUESTION: The Iranians have talked about this, whatever it is, that if anything happens, that it being – the idea that the UN Security Council would at least endorse it if not enshrine it in some kind of a resolution. Is that something that you think would be useful?PSAKI: I’m just not going to get ahead of how this would be implemented at this point in time. MoreGlenn Beck has declared that he will leave the National Rifle Association (NRA) if Republican Party kingmaker Grover Norquist remains on the Board of Directors.This is long overdue: it has now been over eleven years since FrontPage Magazine first published revelations about what David Horowitz described as Norquist’s “alliances with prominent Islamic radicals who have ties to the Saudis and to Libya and to Palestine Islamic Jihad, and who are now under indictment by U.S. authorities.” Horowitz added:“Equally troubling is that the arrests of these individuals and their exposure as agents of terrorism have not resulted in noticeable second thoughts on Grover’s part or any meaningful effort to dissociate himself from his unsavory friends.”Nothing has changed in the intervening years. Norquist has dismissed concerns about his ties to Islamic supremacists as “bigotry” and “hatred,” and this has apparently satisfied the Republican establishment and prominent conservative spokesmen – until now, with Beck breaking ranks.Beck’s peers and Republican leaders could have and should have ended Norquist’s baneful influence on the Republican Party and the conservative movement years ago. The November 1, 2001 issue of The New Republic (hardly a “right-wing” organ) noted that right after 9/11, President Bush met with several Muslim leaders with unsavory ties to the global jihad:To the president’s left sat Dr. Yahya Basha, president of the American Muslim Council, an organization whose leaders have repeatedly called Hamas “freedom fighters.” Also in attendance was Salam Al-Marayati, executive director of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, who on the afternoon of September 11 told a Los Angeles public radio audience that “we should put the State of Israel on the suspect list.” And sitting right next to President Bush was Muzammil Siddiqi, president of the Islamic Society of North America, who last fall told a Washington crowd chanting pro-Hezbollah slogans, “America has to learn if you remain on the side of injustice, the wrath of God will come.” Days later, after a conservative activist confronted Karl Rove with dossiers about some of Bush’s new friends, Rove replied, according to the activist, “I wish I had known before the event took place.”Why didn’t he? Because of Norquist, who“helped orchestrate various post-September 11 events that brought together Muslim leaders and administration officials…Indeed, when Jewish activists and terrorism experts complained about the Muslim invitees to Adam Goldman, who works in the White House public liaison’s office, Goldman replied that Norquist had vouched for them.”In 1999, the prominent American Muslim leader Abdurrahman Alamoudi, who is now in prison for financing al-Qaeda, wrote two $10,000 checks to Norquist’s Islamic Institute (aka the Islamic Free Market Institute). Alamoudi is also notorious for proclaiming to a Muslim rally in Washington in 2000: “I have been labeled by the media in New York to be a supporter of Hamas. Anybody support Hamas here? … Hear that, Bill Clinton? We are all supporters of Hamas. I wished they added that I am also a supporter of Hizballah.” There is no indication that Norquist denounced Alamoudi, or returned his checks, after Alamoudi’s open embrace of jihad terror groups. MoreLike this:Feminism originated as a struggle for equal rights. It started with voting rights, then expanded to include the dismantling of laws and customs that assumed women were incapable of running their own lives, and so had to be subjected to male overseers. The goal was to achieve for women their autonomy in world with a level social-economic-political playing field. In short, feminism was about achieving the liberal democratic good of individuals with autonomy, human rights, and the equality of opportunity to rise according to their abilities.Shifting social mores, technological innovations, and an expanding economy laid the groundwork for the triumph of what is called “equity feminism” starting in the 1960s. But that was the same time feminism took a sharp turn away from classical liberalism into the illiberal precincts of cultural Marxism, identity politics, grievance-mongering, progressive political advocacy, and New Age silliness like the mythic “women’s way of knowing.” The result today has been the transformation of equity feminism into a subsidiary of a progressive ideology that cares more for political and personal power than equal opportunity for all women. Hillary Clinton’s career exemplifies this change.Feminism’s great weakness has been the way it hides the socio-economic advantages that always have made some women better off than many men. Clinton exemplifies this flaw. She was born and raised in the affluent, virtually all-white Chicago suburb of Park Ridge, Illinois, and attended Wellesley College, then Yale Law––pathways to achievement unavailable to millions of men at the time. As a result of these advantages, she had a promising political career as a left-leaning, feminist Democrat. But then she committed the cardinal feminist sin: she abandoned D.C. to follow Bill Clinton to Arkansas, letting what feminists deem the bourgeois-patriarchal construct of romantic love, the age-old mechanism for subordinating women, trump her own career.From that moment on, Hillary’s success was a secondary effect of Bill’s, a byproduct of happening to marry a brilliant, if amoral, politician. She became one of feminism’s bêtes noires–– the mere appendage of a powerful man, not that different from those Mad Men -era women who achieved wealth and social status not because of their own talents and drive, but because of whom they married or slept with, precisely the behavior feminism opposed as a disguised form of prostitution, the patriarchy’s technique for controlling the threat to its power that talented women posed.Hillary’s subsequent behavior as Bill ascended from governor of Arkansas to president of the U.S. laid bare another big lie of feminism: rather than a principled doctrine that aims to improve the lot and secure the rights of all women, it too often is the instrument of personal careerism and opportunism, a tool for acquiring wealth and power. The litany of scandals Hillary has left in her wake––the billing records of Rose Law firm, the sketchy cattle futures bonanza, the Whitewater skullduggery, and now her exorbitant speaking fees and cadging of millions from foreign governments––all revolve around money-grubbing and influence-peddling for personal aggrandizement.But the scandal that best exposed Hillary’s sacrifice of feminist principle to personal ambition was the “bimbo eruptions” that afflicted Bill from Little Rock to D.C., culminating in the sordid Monica Lewinsky scandal. Despite being publicly humiliated by his serial adultery, Hillary not only stood by her man in subservient Tammy Wynette fashion, but viciously attacked Bill’s various paramours, women whom real feminists would have defended as sister victims of a perjurious sexual predator using his political and economic power to exploit them sexually. But Hillary knew her own political future depended on her connection to Bill, so humiliation was the price she was willing to pay for that ambition. MoreJason Harrison’s mother, Shirley, appears calm on the Dallas police officer’s body camera footage as she steps out of her home, followed by her son Jason. “He’s off the chain,” she says, shaking her head and looking annoyed. “Bipolar, schizo,” she says, explaining her son’s mental illness to the police.Jason appears alone in the frame at 1:04, holding a screwdriver with his right fingers.“Will you drop that for me?” Officer Andrew Hutchins, who is wearing the camera, says before turning to his colleague John Rogers. “Yeah, drop that for me,” Rogers says. With Harrison out of the frame, Hutchins begins begins yelling louder. His mother suddenly screams Jason’s name as his hand lurches forward. The officers fire. Just six seconds after he first appears in the frame, Harrison is on the ground, dying.Like this:When Republicans complained that Obama refused to talk about Islamic terrorism, he accused them of playing into the hands of ISIS by demanding that he identify the enemy we’re fighting.When they spoke out against his Iranian nuclear sellout, he accused them of “wanting to make common cause with the hardliners in Iran”.Those hardliners would presumably toe a harder line than Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei who responded to Obama’s outreach in his first term by saying, “The Islamic peoples all over the world chant ‘Death to America!’” and who stated last year that “This battle will only end when the society can get rid of the oppressors’ front with America at the head of it.”(The Supreme Leader of a country which stones teenage rape victims and rapes teenage girls so that they don’t die as virgins, also claimed that “The European races are barbaric.”)If the moderate Supreme Leader that Obama is dealing with wants Death to America, what could the real hardliners want for America that’s even worse than death? A third term of Obama?Meanwhile Joe Biden, Obama’s number two, accused Republicans of undermining Obama. This would be the same Biden who threatened to impeach President Bush if he bombed Iran’s nuclear program and who blasted Bush and the idea of an Axis of Evil at a fundraiser in the home of a pro-Iran figure.Biden undermined President Bush’s efforts to rein in Iran’s terrorism by voting against listing the Revolutionary Guard, which was supplying weapons to help the Taliban kill American soldiers, as a terrorist group (a position he shared with Kerry, Hagel and Obama) and berating Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice for not negotiating with Iran and Assad.The toadying of “Tehran Joe” to Iran had already reached its absolute lowest point when Biden responded to the terrorist attacks of September 11 by suggesting, “Seems to me this would be a good time to send, no strings attached, a check for $200 million to Iran.”Biden, along with Kerry and Hagel, became notorious as the Tehran Trio during the Bush years for their advocacy for Iran and Assad, and their appearances at pro-Iranian lobbying groups and fundraisers despite criticism from Iranian democracy advocates. Biden, Kerry and Hagel, Obama’s VP, the Secretary of State and the former Secretary of Defense, all appeared at American-Iranian Council events, a group whose founder stated that he is “the Iranian lobby in the United States.”Treason doesn’t get more treasonous than that.Obama and Biden, along with their political allies, are trying to spin their shameless pandering to a terrorist state as patriotic and opposition to it as treasonous. The New York Daily News denounced senators opposed to an Obama deal giving Iran the ability to develop and deploy nuclear weapons as “Traitors”. The administration’s social media allies’ hashtag dubbed Republicans opposed to Iran’s nuclear weapons as #47Traitors.Traitors oppose terrorists getting nuclear weapons. Patriots like Joe Biden not only support it, but they blast a president trying to stop it while collecting $30,000 at a pro-Iranian fundraiser.But the Elizabethan courtier left out that when traitors rule, patriotism becomes treason. Obama commits treason and taunts his critics as traitors.Republicans who want to see American leadership rise to the challenge of ISIS and Iran are accused of collaborating with ISIS and Iran by an administration that willfully lied and misrepresented the growth of ISIS for as long as it could and that is now doing the same thing for Iran’s nuclear threat.Obama lied and claimed that ISIS was no threat even when it was taking over entire cities. Only overt genocide by ISIS forced him into his current stumbling action against it. Now the same sports fan who dubbed ISIS a “Jayvee” team not worth bothering with accuses Republicans of playing into its hands.Sensible people consider letting a terrorist group win to be “playing into its hands”. Left-wing apologists for terror however claim that fighting terrorists “plays into their hands”. In the same inverted worldview in which patriotism becomes treason and treason becomes patriotism, what terrorists want most is for you to bomb them to oblivion while what they fear most is that you’ll just stand there and let them kill you.Now Obama suggests that critics of his Iran nuclear sellout are playing into the hands of some imaginary hardliners who want America to bomb its nuclear program. These imaginary hardliners, like the imaginary terrorists, want to sabotage their own efforts to achieve their goals. And only Obama stands between them and the failure of their terroristic and nuclear ambitions. That’s why he’s a patriot.And if you can follow all that, you qualify for a gig as the State Department’s new spokesperson.Ignoring terrorists is patriotic. Fighting them is unpatriotic. Dealing with their actual beliefs is unpatriotic. Pretending that they have no beliefs, no matter how impossible it makes it to predict their actions and fight them, is patriotic. Stopping Iran from getting nuclear weapons is unpatriotic. The patriotic thing to do is to cut a deal that will let Iran go the way of North Korea.Through the intercession of Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton struck a non-binding agreement with North Korea on its nuclear weapons program. Like Obama’s Iran deal, the Senate never got to ratify it. Secretary of State Madeline Albright stated that “the framework agreement is one of the best things that the administration has done because it stopped a nuclear weapons program in North Korea.” It didn’t.During his original campaign, Obama said, “We cannot allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon.” That should sound familiar. Bill Clinton said during his first term in office, “North Korea cannot be allowed to develop a nuclear bomb.” North Korea could and did. Bill Clinton knew all along that it could and would.The rhetoric from back then also sounds familiar. Congressman Obey warned that Republicans dropping millions in fuel oil for North Korea was “mindbogglingly reckless.” The Honolulu Star-Bulletin urged “Stop GOP Meddling in Foreign Affairs.” Gore ranted that Republicans were “determined to wreck a presidency in order to recapture it” and accused them of “isolationism and defeatism”.The Republicans were right. North Korea got the bomb and a lot of freebies from American taxpayers. The men and women responsible for supporting that disastrously treasonous policy slimed them for it. Now we’re in a repeat with many of the same politicians and pundits arguing that the only way to stop Iran from getting the bomb is by not doing anything to stop it from getting the bomb.The first rule of treason is to call the other guy a traitor. Having aligned with everyone from Castro to the Supreme Leader of Iran, Obama has to make it seem as if it’s the Republicans who are the traitors.An administration of political hacks who spent the Bush years undermining the White House in every way possible short of officially defecting to the enemy now claim that dissent from their policy is treason. And they top that by reversing the motives of Iran and ISIS so that instead of wanting to destroy America, they really want to be criticized by Republicans and prevented from getting nuclear weapons.This gibberish shouldn’t be able to fool any thinking person, but the idea that Kim Jong-Il wanted food, not nuclear weapons, when his entire policy had been the exact opposite, shouldn’t have gotten by anyone with an elementary knowledge of history and at least a single living brain cell.But it did.No one wants to be a member of a party of traitors or of a government of traitors. Clinton and Obama didn’t accidentally stumble into their policies. They were guided by a deep rotten belief that the United States was always wrong and that the enemy, no matter how evil, had a legitimate grievance.They can’t admit to this treasonous idea, even though they repeat it constantly in various forms, so their only defense is to claim that their treason is patriotism and that anyone who disagrees is a traitor.Like this:Shortly after midnight Thursday morning, two police officers were shot in front of the Ferguson Police Department. A 41-year -old officer from the St. Louis Police Department was shot in the shoulder, with the bullet exiting through his back. A 32-year-old officer officer from the Webster Groves Police Department was shot just below the right eye with the bullet lodging in his ear. “We could have buried two police officers next week over this,” said St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar.Police believe the shots came from a handgun fired from approximately 120 yards away, and based on the trajectory of the bullets, it appears the shots were intentionally aimed at the officers. They were part of a 25-man police line at set up at the Ferguson PD headquarters to deal with the latest protest, convened to celebrate Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson’s resignation from the force, and to call for Mayor James Knowles III to follow suit. Jackson will receive nearly $96,000 in annual salary and health coverage following his resignation on Mar. 19. Lt. Col. Al Eickhoff will take over as acting chief until the city completes a nationwide search for a new police chief, the city said in a news release.And while the protests were winding down for the night, shots suddenly rang out. “We heard, like, a firework–we thought it was a firework–it was loud,” said journalist Bradley Rayford. “You couldn’t even see where it was coming from, but you saw the muzzle” flash from up the hill. The bullets went right past my head.”“We all ducked down” Rayford added. “I saw a cop on the ground, obviously in pain; they had to drag him from the front lines.”Belmar aptly characterized the incident for what it was. “This is really an ambush,” he said. “You are basically defenseless. It is hard to guard against.” When asked if the gunman played any part in the protest, Belmar was diplomatic, saying he was “very confident that whoever did this was there for the wrong reasons,” and that he considered the shooting “an unfortunate association with the gathering.”One is left to wonder how unfortunate. An video taken at the scene reveals the sound of one shot ringing out as a woman screams in surprise. A second and possibly a third shot is also heard, followed by the sound of someone, presumably one of the wounded officers, moaning in pain. While protestors are fleeing the scene and cops are engaging in an effort to help their fallen comrades another voice is heard. “Acknowledgement nine months ago would have kept that from happening,” declared the unidentified speaker, more than likely referring to the initial incident during which former Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed Michael Brown last August. MoreLike this:A black teen was arrested for the brutal murder of an Iraqi refugee who was out watching his first-ever snowfall.Iraqi refugee Ahmed al-Jumaili was shot repeatedly by Nykerion Nealon in front of his wife and children.CAIR called the shooting a Muslim hate crime.The New York Daily News reported:A Texas teen has been arrested for fatally shooting an Iraqi refugee watching his first-ever snowfall, police said.Al-Jumaili was shot in front of his wife and brother, three weeks after fleeing Iraq to be in a safer place and reunite with his wife, who had moved to America a year earlier.Nealon, who went by the nickname Kaca, did not know al-Jumaili and shot him while seeking revenge, Cotner said. Someone reportedly shot at his girlfriend’s apartment in a neighboring complex, making Nealon round up three buddies to look for the suspect, a witness told police. They went to Nealon’s apartment to get his assault rifle and then headed to Al-Jumaili’s apartment complex.The thug saw al-Jumaili taking pictures of the snow and raised his rifle, one of his friends told police. The friend took cover under bushes and heard shots ring out, he said.Al-Jumaili ran back to his apartment as Nealon followed him with his eyes, continually aiming his rifle and firing at him, Cotner said. Al-Jumaili was shot in the chest.The Iraqi collapsed in the breezeway of his apartment building. He died in the hospital the next day.Two Jewish teens were mugged outside a Marseilles synagogue on Tuesday.The attackers yelled, “Dirty Jews, we will exterminate all of you!”Truth Revolt reported:Two Jewish teenagers leaving a synagogue in Marseilles on Tuesday were beaten up and robbed in an anti-Semitic attack purportedly by two men “of African origin,” according to the French National Bureau of Vigilance Against Anti-Semitism (BNVCA). The teens told police that the attackers yelled, “Dirty Jews, we will exterminate all of you,” according to Israel National News.40% of the population of Marseilles is now Muslim; it is estimated that Marseilles will become the first Muslim majority city in France.The two Jewish teenagers required medical treatment. One of them said he thought he knew the attackers. BNVCA asked Marseille police to “do everything possible to identify and question the attackers,” and suggested more stringent punishment for attacks to deter further incidents.The organization stated, “Jewish citizens have become increasingly vulnerable targets. This gives rise to insecurity, despite the significant steps taken by the government to try to protect its Jewish citizens, and their places of worship.”Posts navigationGlobal AudienceSubscribe to Blog via EmailJoin our fight to save America!We ask our readers to lend us a helping hand, to help keep our site going & independent. The costs of our new site are adding up quickly & we need just a little help continuing to fight onward. Join with us in our fight to save America! May God bless you & Many thanks!