PagesRecently...Thursday, February 5, 2015Review: Smoky Mountain Dreams by Leta BlakeSometimes holding on means letting go.After giving up on his career as a country singer in Nashville, Christopher Ryder is happy enough performing at the Smoky Mountain Dreams theme park in Tennessee. But while his beloved Gran loves him the way he is, Christopher feels painfully invisible to everyone else. Even when he's center stage he aches for someone to see the real him.Bisexual Jesse Birch has no room in his life for dating. Raising two kids and fighting with family after a tragic accident took his children's mother, he doesn't want more than an occasional hook-up. He sure as hell doesn't want to fall hard for his favorite local singer, but when Christopher walks into his jewelry studio, Jesse hears a new song in his heart.Oh. Kay. Smoky Mountain Dreams by Leta Blake is officially one of my favorite books of ever. There were a few stereotypical things that happened that left me with a slight preached-out-rolling-my-eyes-in-irritation, but that was completely and utterly obliterated with how much I loved and adored the relationship of Christopher and Jesse. Oh how I loved them.My goodness gracious. This book. Just knock me over with a feather 'cuz I'm done. It was the best. Seriously.And crap on toast. The sex. Holy crap. I need a fan after some of that...Leta Blake knows how to write down and dirty smexy that will leave your toes curling. But the way she weaves it into her story is just...perfect. Just adds more layers to the beautiful relationship of these two men.When Christopher, a singer at an amusement park makes an appointment to have a custom piece of jewelry made he's stunned to find that the jeweler is the highly intriguing and delicious Jesse. From the moment they meet there is an undercurrent of just yummy tension. As their relationship progressed across the pages, the truth about Jesse and his life just sucked me in and broke my heart.Christopher is just the sweetest guy of ever. There is such a goodness to him that it just made me want to reach into the book and hug all of his pain away, it always made me smile when Jesse did that for him. Christopher's family, with the exception of his Gran have made him feel awful for being gay. The way they've treated him just broke my heart.And Jesse. Wow. Jesse. A bisexual man raising his two kids and dealing with the tragedy of his wife. It's just. I don't even know how to express how heartbreakingly sad that entire situation is with his wife. It's just completely awful. But. And here is the huge but. She loved him and he loved her, and that's what made it so much...more...more beautiful, heartbreaking, and stunning than it could have been.Smoky Mountain Dreams is a beautifully rendered love story, of family, heartbreak, love and finding a way to carry on even after the unthinkable happens. Jesse and Christopher are truly one of my favorite book couples and their story is going on my list of favorites. I can't recommend this gorgeous book more. If you're an M/M addict like me, than you definitely need to check this book out.No commentsPost a CommentWelcomeHello!! I'm Echo! Welcome to my Blog! I'm an eclectic reader with a tbr mountain and bookshelves overflowing. I love happy endings in any genre, life doesn't always provide the happy - so my books should. Most importantly, I believe that life should have a soundtrack and that you can never, ever, have too many books. I'm still waiting for my Beauty & the Beast Library. Someday I'll get it. xx