Welcome to Eclipse Radio!Eclipsing All Others!We offer entertaining excitement with lively DJ's sending out the best music to the airwaves of the internet and interesting discussions and announcements involving those within the vast role-play community as well as items of interest for Portal of Dreams and doing so being a completely 100% legal radio station ... unlike several others!Requests & DedicationsLatest NewsMarch 2015Hey there Eclipse Listeners!DJ's Chaos and Mayhem are our DJ's of the month, you can listen to the dynamic duo every Tuesday and Friday nights!We've also had more Fantastic DJs join in on all the fun! Come tune in and if a DJ isn't on air, poke one!February 2015Hey there Eclipse Listeners!We've had more DJs join the ranks of awesomeness on Eclipse Radio, and our very own DJ Sinner is DJ of the Month for February!January 2015Hey there Eclipse Listeners!We've got lots of new DJs floating around, so please poke them, and beg them to get on air if you want to hear some tunes! Joining the ranks of Eclipse DJs in the past couple of months we have: DJs Dixie, Kit Kat, Siren, Wyked, Queen b, and Sinner!November 2014Hey there Eclipse Listeners!We've got two more DJs floating around, so please poke them, and beg them to get on air if you want to hear some tunes! So with that said, Please Welcome DJ Mayhem and DJ Chaos to Eclipse Radio!November 2014Hey there Eclipse Listeners!We've had some exciting new DJ's join us in the past couple of months. So come on and tune in! Take a listen to DJ Minion, coming to you every Wed and Fri. We also have DJ Trouble and DJ Crazy joining the airwaves! Stay tuned and come listen to them when they next pop on air!March, 2014Eclipse Radio has done the server transfer to its spiffy and uber fast new digs and our DJ's, both floaters and full-timers are returning to the airwaves!The ever awesome DJ Waverider and DJ Oreo have already returned and had great shows and on the 22nd DJ ClownLov...er...now known as DJ Overlord will be returning to his Monday night shows at 8pm EST!So tune in and come hang out with the best around that Eclipses All Others and if you want to give the DJ gig and mic a try as well by all means contact the station management or any of the PoD senior staff and they can get you on the road...er..air!Thank you to all of Eclipse Radio's loyal listeners!March, 2014Hey Eclipse Listeners!We are looking for DJ's.......Eclipsing All Others!March, 2014Hey, Hey, Hey! All you Extraordinary Eclipse Listeners!The Eclipse Team has been busy busy busy at work updating our RoboDJ. We are proud to have accomplished making Robo 95% Work and Children Friendly.That's right Eclipsers! We've gone through the massive song list and taken out what we could find of any songs containing explicit language, so that Robo can once again be safe to listen to while at work or at home with the kids.We've also updated Robo with some new tunes and some classic favorites. So come enjoy our Fabulous DJs or our RoboDJ at anytime. All are always welcome.*Please note: While Robo has been updated to be more work friendly, our DJs may contain explicit language or adult situations.January, 2014We start this new year out with fresh faces and fresh music for all our awesome listeners!Welcome DJ Brat to the cool madness that is Eclipse Radio at Portal of Dreams!And congrats to DJ Oreo moving from floater to full-time DJ!November, 2013And we go into the month of November almost a month old but more important than that is Portal of Dreams is four..yes count them people....FOUR years old!Happy Anniversary Portal of Dreams and many, many more ahead!!!October, 2013Dreamscape Radio is no more and in sharing an unveiling of a brand new Portal of Dreams comes Eclipse Radio! Eclipsing the past and all Others!Welcome to the new era of internet radio!September, 2013Hard work from many begins on the vast undertaking of recreating the already great station that was Dreamscape Radio and bringing about Eclipse Radio!!!Eclipse Radio, with Dreamscape Radio as it's tried and proven reputation, foundation, and past broadcasts a broad mix of music genres, with priority given to the listener, role-player, and chatter communities even beyond the borders of Portal of Dreams as that's the bottom line and always will be.In this new age, our core principles for the station still hold true. We remain legal, and maintain quality and excellence at every turn, for our listeners and the community that take the time to enjoy Eclipse Radio in their online and offline lives. To help the role-play and chat communities come together and remember why they come online to begin with, to simply enjoy themselves without drama or hassles.Eclipse Radio is an all-volunteer station and compliments Portal of Dreams and other places. It adds that bit of awesomeness and atmospehere even to the chatter and role-player experience. We're here for you, our listeners, as you are why we do what we do and why we even exist and strive for excellence to begin with. All we will ever ask of in return of listeners, role-play sites, room leaders, and promotion clients/customers is to quite simply ... enjoy your Eclipse Radio experience and nothing less!From The Listeners!Kimmy "I really enjoy the DJ shows when I can catch them ...they bring me up when I am down and usually when I send in a request they play it for me and I really appreciate that ! Thanks!"Pocket Dragon "I like listening to the station because the music is never ending, different and always a new group or song I haven’t heard of yet. It puts voices to those we know as Deejays and friends.. hanging out in the POD club room brings everyone who normally wouldn’t get together in and rp environment together to chat and find out about others taste in music. When I have the station on it plays thru my house and my kids who have grown up on me roleplaying and know the site by now.. the only online station we listen to is PoD's."Freya "I enjoy listening to the station for the wide range of music played. Each DJ brings their own unique personality and music genre preferences to each show, which is always enjoyable to listen to. I love the ability to request a song! It's so easy to get a DJ to play a song for someone special or just because you are in the mood!"Cotton Candi Classics "Tuning into the station is kinda like walking into a surprise birthday party. You have no idea who's going to be there, what the theme is going to be this time, or what kinda goodies await to be explored, but you know it's guaranteed to be a lot more fun than sitting at home alone, in the dark, channel surfing the same reruns on the television set for the third night in a row. And the best part? Their host is someone you know. It's like walking into a club and being friends with the popular Deejay that's up there spinning for the crowd. With continuous music, fast tracking requests, and no tedious commercials or weather reports, there isn't a radio station out there that is more personally tuned then that of PoD’s. There's no runarounds, no needed downloads, and absolutely no confusion. What better way to wake you up, get you in the mood to interact and bring out the crazies then good tunes blaring away in your ear. Whether you're country or lean more towards that loud, throbbing, can’t hear the music behind the screaming junk people call tunes these days, the station has a Deejay with your flavor of noise. And whether your favorite Deejay is leading you into the beginning of another long week, or kicking off your weekend, you know that if you tune in during a show, the world just kinda melts away. Roleplay is an escape from reality. The station is an escape from your problems. A chance to drown yourself in free, flavored music from all genres, for all moods, and with all kinds of crazy ass Deejays dedicating their free time to helping you rock out, enjoy yourself, and for once, cut loose."Anne "Boonies" "I just wanted to tell you how much I enjoy listening to your radio station, Portal of Dreams. It's convenient to log on whenever I want and there is a real variety of music with not as much commercial interruption as other stations. I personally enjoy the 80's because that is my era growing up, but like most everything you play. Keep up the good work and I will certainly tell my friends to tune in!"Bryan "I love to listen to different types of music, and the best place to listen is PoD's station's Wide variety of today's and yesterday's hits!"Roger "I tune in on my phone and love the shows and how I can listen at anytime, dj or not. There's enough variety and the special shows that make me keep coming back for more."Dwayne "I love, love listening to the station and even have it on my phone playing when I'm at work. I have yet to find a deejay I don't like and even like listening when there isn't a deejay as the music isn't always the same old thing and I get a cool variety. I'm all for the station and one of its most faithful listeners!"Russ "The thing I like the most about when tuning into the station and the dj's is they always manage to play the music I know and enjoy and in some of the themed shows bring back the memories of songs I've always loved and even catch myself singing to them so the shows are always worth the wait and the time made to catch them."Who's On The AirTune into Eclipse Radio's awesome DJ's and hang out with them during their shows!Just check the schedule to the right to find out when your favorite DJ is on the air!Make sure to also tune into and check out our great floater DJ's as they take the airwaves at various times of the day!Our current floater DJ's are DJ Crazy, DJ Sinner, DJ Kit Kat, DJ Wyked, DJ Queen b, DJ Dixie,, DJ Diablo, DJ Secretary and DJ PsychoP4nda Click on the icons below to listen in whatever media player you happen to use or paste the provided station url link that works in any media player to the open url setting of your media player. (http://www.eclipse-radio.com:11698) If you have any issues please contact any member of the station staff to assist you in your Eclipse Radio experience.Our ScheduleAll hours are Eastern Standard TimeDJ Waverider - 4pm to 8pmDJ Minion - 3pm to 6pm DJ Overlord - 8pm to 11pmDJ's Chaos & Mayhem - 11pm to 1amDJ Siren - 8pm to 11pmDJ Trouble - 8pm to 11pmDJ Minion - 3pm to 6pm DJ's Mayhem & Chaos - 11pm to 1amDJ Salty Old Bastard - Midnight to 3amDJ SpotlightEach quarter we like to spotlight that one DJ so that listeners can get to know them better and find out just what they're all about!Be sure to catch them on the air and take a look at their forum! This quarters DJ in the Spotlight is Radio Eclipse's own....DJ TroubleOur Dj'sDJ Salty Old BastardWho is DJ Salty Old Bastard? Well let me tell you a little story about a boy named Sue.moreDJ ApplicationSo you're interested in becoming a DJ for Eclipse Radio? If you can commit your time to the station then it's all about just enjoying yourself and giving your listeners what they want!Simply fill out the questions below in the message box on the right and send them along to us and we'll be in touch with you soonest! Thank you for your interest in Eclipse Radio, the station that eclipses all others! 1. What is your desired DJ Name? 2. What times are you able to DJ? [Please list times in EST] 3. Do you have a Portal of Dreams membership? 4. What are your preferred and favorite styles of Music? 5. Have you ever DJ'd before? [If yes please state where and for how long, if no please skip to question 6] - 5a. Are you currently DJ'ing for an online radio station? - 5b. What programs are you familiar with for broadcasting? 6. Do you already have a microphone? 7. What music downloading programs do you use or are you familar with? 8. Are you able to provide us with a sound/voice demo or do you need help in doing and providing that? 9. What is the best way to contact you? [Please provide a valid email address]Contact UsIf you're a site, design house, room, etc. and you wish a promo of an event or just of who you are and what you do then by all means head to the Eclipse Radio forums and the promo request board and we'll be more than happy to take care of you as we're all about customer service and we ask for nothing in return for that service!Disclaimer/LicensingThe thoughts, opinions, and views expressed by any DJ of Eclipse Radio are their very own and do not necessarily respresent the opinions, views, or policies of Eclipse Radio or Portal of Dreams. If anyone wishes to lodge a complaint or have concerns addressed please send them to station management at Management Email or to Portal of Dreams/Eclipse Radio Owner, Martin Minogue at Owner EmailEclipse Radio is a 100% legal radio station, and all audio is licensed via ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, US Copyright office and Soundexchange and station licensing can be obtained by contacting the Station Owner Martin MinogueThis puts Eclipse Radio ahead of almost every internet radio station out there and is something that Eclipse Radio and Portal of Dreams takes very seriously. All dues are kept current to remain 100% legal, and we happily abide by all copyright and music licensing laws in the United States and other countries.