FORZA is certificated ISO 22000, ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 so you can be assured that all of our products comply with the most demanding quality, safety and environmental standards.Do not exceed the recommended daily dose. This product is not intended for persons under the age of 18. Pregnant or nursing mothers, or individuals taking prescription drugs should consult with their GP prior to use. Food supplements are not a substitute for a varied diet and healthy lifestyle. Side effects with this product are rare but please discontinue use immediately if any adverse reactions occur. Consult a physician prior to use. Use only as directed.Store in a cool, dry place. Use within 6 months of opening. Keep out of reach of children.In the unlikely event that goods are faulty we will offer a full refund or exchange. To process a refund please contact our customer service team on sales@forzasupplements.co.uk at the earliest opportunity.Should you order the wrong product then we will provide a full refund when you return the goods to us provided they are in their original packaging and are in a saleable condition. Goods must be returned within 7 days of receipt. In the first instance please contact our customer service team on sales@forzasupplements.co.ukIn the event that we send you the wrong product we will send an SAE for you to return it and will either replace the goods or provide a full refund. We will attempt to send replacement goods on the same day if you contact our customer service team on sales@forzasupplements.co.uk before 12pm.If you do not receive your goods please contact our customer service team on sales@forzasupplements.co.uk and we will issue you with replacements free of charge or we will provide you with a full refund. All we ask is that you complete a Lost in Post form which will be sent to you. Royal Mail will only accept claims for lost in post when 15 days have elapsed.Orders cancelled after dispatch will be subject to a 10% restocking fee. Items must be returned at your own cost within 7 working days in original and saleable condition. Returns must be sent to the following address:We endeavour to dispatch all items ordered before 1pm the same working day (Monday - Friday). Items ordered after 1pm or over a weekend will be dispatched the next working day.Items for UK delivery are dispatched by Royal Mail Tracked 48.International orders are dispatched by Air Mail. Royal Mail aim to deliver to European destinations within three to five working days, major cities worldwide within five days and other destinations within seven.We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to International destinations. The customer agrees that it is their own responsibility to check with the relevant authorities within their country/territory prior to purchasing. The customer agrees that importing goods into their country/territory is at their own risk. Forza Supplements Ltd will not be held responsible for goods being withheld by a legal authority upon importation.