PagesThursday, January 29, 2015MIKE AND IKE Welcome Back Popular Retro Flavors ~ GiveawayDisclosure: Product was received free of charge for the purpose of this post.The makers of MIKE AND IKE® announce the return of MIKE AND IKE ROOT BEER FLOAT and MIKE AND IKE COTTON CANDY, available now for a limited time only. Long-awaited COTTON CANDY tastes just like the sweet goodness right off the stick, minus the sticky fingers, and has been sought out by candy lovers for some time. ROOT BEER FLOAT is the perfect fat free candy packed with real flavor and cooler than ever in its retro style pack.Both retro mixes combine great tasting flavors for a sweet and unique twist that everyone will love. With only 140 calories per serving and 0g saturated fat, MIKE AND IKE®ROOT BEER FLOAT and MIKE AND IKE® COTTON CANDY are the perfect snack when on the go or relaxing at home.“We are very excited to bring back COTTON CANDY and ROOT BEER FLOAT,” says Koren Ivie, Brand Manager for MIKE AND IKE®. “We hope this will inspire wonderful memories from our loyal fans and introduce a new group of MIKE AND IKE® lovers to these favorites from the past.”MIKE AND IKE®COTTON CANDY and MIKE AND IKE® ROOT BEER FLOAT will be available for a limited time only starting January 2015. Both flavors come in a 5-oz. box with a SRP ranging from $1.00-$1.39.We are fans of MIKE and IKE candy at our house and loving trying new flavors. The cotton candy and root beer flavors may not be new to everyone, but they were new to us and so fun to sample. I even love the retro packaging. The boxes make for cute little gifts or party favors. I love to carry a box of MIKE and IKE's with me when we're out and about and we start craving something for our sweet tooth. This past weekend we shared the new flavors at my daughter's birthday party. I just loved how the pink and blue colors of the Cotton Candy MIKE and IKE's matched her Hello Kitty theme.My son's favorite flavor was the cotton candy. It reminded him of eating real cotton candy which of course he loves. My daughter and her friends loved both flavors. The cotton candy flavor was a bit sweet for me, but I really enjoyed the root beer flavored candy. The root beer flavor works really well as a chewy candy. These flavors are on the shelf now, but will only be available for a limited time so be sure to pick some up if you'd like to try them. Plus you can enter to win some right below!(My comment seems to have disappeared, so I'll repost, just in case.)I would love to try the Root Beer Float flavor. We are huge Mike And Ike fans in this house. When my oldest son was about 3 years old, he decided to start calling Mike And Ike's "Dancing Candies", because it looks like the cartoon candies on the box are dancing. The name stuck. We all call them Dancing Candies. And no Family Game Night is complete without them!About MeJulia is a stay at home mother of two who lives in Central Iowa. She worked for nine years in the financial services industry and is now a work from home mom. She has a son in first grade, a daughter in preschool and is expecting baby #3 in March 2014. Her husband works in the construction industry and is constantly completing projects around the house. She has always loved saving money, getting deals and finding freebies but facing a drastic reduction in income has made her diligent in doing all she can to save her family money and finding legitimate ways she can earn too.This blog was created to share with others some of the things she does to save and to earn extra money.