Proof that Arsene Wenger takes risks in the transfer window after all?Two of Arsenal’s most recent defensive acquisitions have provided administrative difficulties. The deal to take Calum Chambers to Arsenal last summer is under investigation by the Football Association for reasons unknown. Whilst Brazilian centre-half Gabriel was subject to the work permit system, given that the player does not possess a European passport. So does this prove that Arsene Wenger is more willing to take risks in the transfer market nowadays?Well, the first thing to say is that Wenger has shown little reticence to go through the work permit system in the past. Alex Song and Ryo Miyachi are amongst a host of players he has signed that did not automatically qualify to work in England. He had to lobby on their behalf. Whilst the signings of Gabriel’s compatriots Edu and Silvinho were seemingly a lot more risky (and controversial) than the acquisition of Gabriel.Edu was sent home from Heathrow and his signing was delayed by six months due to visa difficulties. Meanwhile, Silvinho was sold unexpectedly and quickly amidst rumours that all was not well with his passport. When the left-back did re-emerge in England with Manchester City some years later, he had curiously changed his moniker to Sylvinho. Wenger was publicly very confident of Gabriel’s chances with the Home Office.Without knowing the precise reason for the investigation of the Chambers transfer, it’s difficult to discern how much of a risk it was. But signings such as Park Chu Young and Amaury Bischoff were not without administrative risks. Audacious deals such as the Gallas – Cole and Reyes – Baptista swaps hardly suggest Wenger is averse to dipping his toes in more controversial waters. Indeed, the sheer amount of times Arsenal have waited until the dying embers of the window to complete a signing suggests that, if anything, Arsenal have been too fond of taking risks.Arsenal have certainly been getting signings completed in a far less convoluted manner in the last two years. Chambers, Gabriel, Alexis, Debuchy, Welbeck, Ospina- even the likes of Cazorla, Podolski, Giroud and Monreal, were wrapped up with the minimum of fuss. It’s probably not a huge coincidence that as the Gunners’ financial muscle has grown, the speed with which they tie up transfers has accelerated. If anything, I would say Arsene Wenger is taking less risks in the market now and that’s for the simple reason that there is less call to.One thought on “Proof that Arsene Wenger takes risks in the transfer window after all?”Uk 2 months agoAnd I would say your article suggests wenger’s willing to go any lenght to save a few pounds by buying d cheap, unknown and probably less capable option. You know what’s risky? Spending £32m on an alexis or a costa or a willian, or £70-80m on a rodriguez/bale. It may not work, as probably bale is, or kaka was, but that’s why its risky. Not a £2m on a bielik or. Amaury bischoff