#debtI recently received an invitation to sign up for a new company that strives to make saving money more automated and take away a lot of the thought process.The new service is called Digit.co. It’s a free online FDIC insured savings account that saves regularly for you with no added pain or discomfort. Their secret? Digit analyzes your checking account and periodically transfers small amounts to a Digit savings account throughout the month.How Does It All Work?Upon connecting your checking account to Digit (super simple, by the way) it analyzes your spending and spending, and identifies small chunks of money it can conservatively put aside for you.Every 2 or 3 days Digit moves a bit of money from your checking, usually somewhere between $5-$50, to your Digit savings account. Automatic — gotta love it!If you’re concerned about Digit transferring too much money, never fear. Digit never transfers more than you can afford, so you don’t have to worry about overdrafting. Their “no overdraft guarantee” states they’ll cover any fees if they overdraft your account. Also you can stop the automated service at any time.Frequently Asked Questions About Digit.coStill unsure about Digit? The frequently asked questions (and answers) from their site added here.How does Digit work? Every few days, Digit checks your spending patterns and moves a few dollars from your checking account to your Digit account, if you can afford it. Easily withdraw your money any time, quickly and with no fees.What makes Digit different than a recurring bank savings transfer? Digit automatically figures out when and how much is safe to save based on your lifestyle. Digit doesn’t require you to figure out an arbitrary amount to transfer every month.Is Digit safe? Yes. Digit uses state-of-the-art security measures. Your personal information is anonymized, encrypted and securely stored. All funds held within Digit are FDIC insured up to a balance of $250,000.Does Digit cost anything? Digit is completely free. You will see “Hello Digit Inc” transactions in your checking account but these transactions are just transfers to and from Digit.What is the Digit no-overdraft guarantee? We believe so strongly in our math and the ability to safely identify money you don’t need that if we overdraft your account we’ll pay the fee.Where is Digit currently available? At this time, Digit supports over 2,500 banks and credit unions within the United States.Does Digit work with banks located outside the United States? Unfortunately, Digit is U.S.-only right now. We have hopes to expand internationally in the future.Do I need a savings account? No. When you signup for Digit you get your own Digit account which will hold any Digit savings until withdrawn. Any funds held in your Digit account are FDIC insured up to a balance of $250,000.How do I access my Digit savings? You can withdraw your savings 24/7/365 and as many times as you want per month. Just text Digit ‘Withdraw’ if you’d like to move money from Digit to your checking account.How does Digit make money? We are able to offer Digit as a free service because any interest earned on your savings funds our operations. We plan to offer ways to get a return on your savings in the future.What should I do with my Digit savings? Some of our users have started a fund for emergencies, splurged on a trip, or paid down debt. You can also move your savings to other accounts (for investments or retirement) as often as you wish.Have other questions? We are always here to answer them. Please feel free to call 1-888-322-3103 or email us at [email protected]Highly Highly Recommend Digit.coI highly recommend giving Digit a try, especially if you have a hard time saving. After all, it is free and you can turn it off so easily if it’s not the right service for you.