What is the THRIVE Experience?The THRIVE Experience is an 8 week premium lifestyle plan, to help individuals experience and reach peak physical and mental levels. You're going to live, look, and feel Ultra Premium like never before! Results from the THRIVE Experience are high impact, and can slightly differ for everyone – depending on which areas of your lifestyle need the most help – and depending on your 8 week goal. Whether your goal is to lose weight, get in the best shape of your life, or simply be the best you can be, we know the THRIVE 8 Week Experience will get you THRIVIN' in all areas of your life! Individuals on the Experience will enjoy premium support and benefits in the areas of:> Weight Management > Cognitive Performance> Digestive & Immune Support > Joint Support> Lean Muscle Support > Aches & Discomfort Relief> Anti-Aging & Antioxidant SupportTHRIVE by Le-Vel is something that's hard to explain, and challenging to describe... it's something that can only be experienced.Who is the Experience For?The THRIVE 8 Week Experience is for anybody and every BODY. No matter how in shape, out of shape, healthy, or not healthy someone might be, the 8 Week Experience is for everyone! From suit and tie executives, to stay at home moms, professional athletes and couch coaches, everyone is loving the results from the 8 Week Experience. Doctors, Nurses, Dietitians and Personal Trainers all around the country are not only loving THEIR 8 Week Experience, they're also promoting it to their friends and family. Simply pick your 8 week goal, or define the areas where you'd like to experience the greatest improvements!How Much Does It Cost?Lifestyle Pack - $100The Lifestyle Pack is a great place to start; it has enough THRIVE for 4 weeks on the Experience: 2 Lifestyle Capsules a day, and 1 Lifestyle Shake Monday - Thursday.Tone Pack - $140The Tone Pack is one of the most popular packs, and is ideal for someone whose goal is to lose weight, lean out and tone up. It has enough THRIVE for 4 weeks on the Experience: 2 Lifestyle Capsules a day, and 1 - 2 Lifestyle Shakes in place of a breakfast or lunch for 4 weeks.Couples Pack - $100The Couples Pack is is designed for a couple's Experience. It has enough THRIVE for 4 weeks for him and her: 2 Lifestyle Capsules a day, and 1 Lifestyle Shake Monday - Thursday.How Can I Take the THRIVE Experience for Free?Refer 2 and your THRIVE Experience is Free! Do you know anybody that wants to experience the incredible results from THRIVE? As a Customer or Promoter, when you refer 2 personal Customers to take the THRIVE Experience you will get your Experience product free the next month, and every month after that (as long as you have 2 Experience Customers on auto-ship)! You will receive free product each and every month - as long as they continue their auto-ship.Will I Save Money?Not only can you take the THRIVE Experience for free with our "Refer 2 and yours is free" program, but many people are actually saving money each month while on the 8 Week Experience. Simply by redirecting the money they were already spending on high calorie items like coffee, breakfast, lunch and snacks, Customers and Promoters are reporting an average of $14-28 a day in savings!How Can I Get Paid?The only thing that can be better than the results people see on the Experience, is getting paid too! Promoting The 8 Week Experience can help you live the premium lifestyle you’ve always wanted. You refer Customers to the Experience, and other Promoters that want to get paid too. People start telling people, and your team begins to grow like a social network. Except this social network is made up of a ton of people taking and promoting The 8 Week Experience. Le-Vel pays it’s Brand Promoters amazing rewards like...Cash RewardsWhere it all starts. Earn a percentage of THRIVE Experience sales made by you and your team of Brand Promoters.