Amateur Radio NewsAmateur Radio will be part of the program when Preparedness Summit 2015 convenes April 14-17 in Atlanta. Special event station N4P also will be on the air from the conference location. The theme of this 10th Preparedness Summit is “Global Health Security: Preparing a Nation for Emerging Threats.”“Global health security preparedness issues suc... [continue]Press release at http://tentec.com (April 2, 2015) RKR Designs, LLC of Longmont Colorado has announced that they have acquired the assets of Alpha Amplifier and TEN-TEC brands from RF Concepts. RKR plans to expand the product line, while continuing to service their customers that have enjoyed their products over the years. The principa... [continue]Less than a year after TEN-TEC and Alpha Amplifiers merged under the RF Concepts banner, the companies have changed hands. RKR Designs LLC of Longmont, Colorado, announced on April 2 that it has acquired the two brands’ assets RF Concepts. RKR said it plans to expand the product line while “continuing to service their customers.” RKR Designs ... [continue]Johnson County Emergency Management Coordinator Marilyn Connolly and Robert Garrison, representing the Buffalo Amateur Radio Klub (BARK) came before the county commissioners to explain who they are as a club, what they do, and to offer their services to the community in times of emergency. Garrison, who is an amateur radio operator, a member of BA... [continue]Young Ham's First Contact is via OSCAR Satellite: Eight-year-old radio amateur Hope Lea, KM4IPF, in Virginia, made her first radio contact just 45 minutes after her call sign appeared in the FCC database. The contact with K4YYL via the FO-29 satellite took place on March 11. Hope's older sister Faith, WA4BBC, and her brother Zechariah, WX4TVJ, als... [continue]Amateur Radio television pioneer and past ARRL Central Division Director Don C. Miller, W9NTP, of Waldron, Indiana, died March 22. He was 91. An ARRL Life Member, he was licensed in 1943. In the 1960s, Miller was instrumental in developing slow-scan TV (SSTV) for ham radio, working with Cop MacDonald, VY2CM, and others. Miller wrote several articl... [continue]Members of the North Fulton Amateur Radio League (NFARL) EduTeam in Fulton County, Georgia, offered students and other members of the public an opportunity to experience ham radio. The EduTeam hosted an Amateur Radio booth at the Sandy Springs Education Force's Super STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) Event on March 5 at North Sprin... [continue]