In a matter of minutes, more than 2,400 people ran screaming in and out of Lake Ontario.Some dipped their feet in the lake's 35-degree water before running back to shore. Others splashed down, dunking their bodies and heads as medics looked on.All braved the elements for Rochester's 15th annual Polar Plunge, held Sunday at Ontario Beach Park in Charlotte. The event raises funds and awareness for Special Olympics New York."It's very cold," said Lindsay Jewett, 31, of Pittsford, who plunged for the fourth straight year alongside her cousin Jennifer Morrow, 36, of Rochester. The duo wears costumes for each plunge and this year dressed as chickens."We're not too chicken to plunge," Jewett said. "The cause is meaningful to us. We have an aunt with Down syndrome and has been involved in Special Olympics programs for more than 30 years."Mike Crisona, development director for the Special Olympics New York, said plungers this year set a new fundraising record, surpassing the agency's $300,000 goal by Sunday. An official total will be determined in a few weeks.That tops last year's record of $301,000, which was more than 10 times the amount raised at the first ever plunge of 75 people, he said.Event organizer Sal Gerbino said the plunge is a unique fundraiser that allows anyone to participate without background or training.All money raised in Rochester is used locally for Special Olympics programs.A Polar Plunge participant screams in front of a news camera after making it out of the freezing waters of Lake Ontario on Sunday, Feb. 8, 2015. (Photo: JEFF WITHEROW)Staff writer Victoria Freile emerges from her run into Lake Ontario for the 2015 Polar Plunge in Charlotte. The event celebrated its 15th year and raised more than $300,000 for Special Olympics New York. (Photo: Hank Kula)Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:Chuck Bonafede, a special education teacher for Spencerport Central School District, ran into the lake for his fifth straight year. The district's team of 30 plungers, led by special education aide Amy Wagner, raised about $5,000."It's for the kids, for them to feel success in whatever sport they play," said Bonafede, 30. "This means a lot to all of us."Pete Dailey of Webster, a Special Olympics athlete, took part in his 15th plunge in and around New York since 2007. He said he loved the Rochester event so much he started traveling to take part in additional plunges."I like how the cold water makes me feel — it gets you pumped up every time," said Dailey, who takes part in figure skating, swimming, basketball and volleyball programs.Dailey said he always submerges, even with Sunday's 23-degree air temperature."You're not doing it right if you don't go in the whole way," he said.