During the event, Sooyoung stated, "We are working to release a Girls' Generation album this year." She continued, "In order to make an album that both Girls' Generation and fans can be satisfied with, we are worrying over the music and performance."Sooyoung continued to express her desire to continue acting as she stated, "If there's a good script, I would like to greet the public as an actress."Following Yuri's announcement that there would be a Girls' Generation album by the end of the year, Sooyoung is now the second member to confirm to the public that the girls are indeed working on a project! Fans are excited to see what the popular girl group will turn out for their next comeback after having won a Bonsang during the 'Golden Disk Awards.'00bom main vocalist ? ahahha not even near to Queen Ailee's level. Minzy needs a better surgeon, her plastic surgery isn't very pleasing to look at. Cl good rapper ? Yoon Mi Rae (Tasha) can slay her ass in rapping in seconds. Dara is beautiful not plastic like bom minzy.1bom main vocalist ? ahahha not even near to Queen Ailee's level. Minzy needs a better surgeon, her plastic surgery isn't very pleasing to look at. Cl good rapper ? Yoon Mi Rae (Tasha) can slay her ass in rapping in seconds. Dara is beautiful not plastic like bom minzy.0bom main vocalist ? ahahha not even near to Queen Ailee's level. Minzy needs a better surgeon, her plastic surgery isn't very pleasing to look at. Cl good rapper ? Yoon Mi Rae (Tasha) can slay her ass in rapping in seconds. Dara is beautiful not plastics like bom minzy.0bom main vocalist ? ahahha not even near to Queen Ailee's level. Minzy needs a better surgeon, her plastic surgery isn't very pleasing to look at. Cl good rapper ? Yoon Mi Rae (Tasha) can slay her ass in rapping in seconds. Dara is beautiful not plastics like bom minzy.0bom main vocalist ? ahahha not even near to Queen Ailee's level. Minzy needs a better surgeon, her plastic surgery isn't very pleasing to look at. Cl good rapper ? Yoon Mi Rae (Tasha) can slay her ass in rapping in seconds. Dara is beautiful not plastics like bommie, minzy.0Guess what ya , 2NE1 is FLOP ahahahaha hopefully cl debut goes down. 2ne1 should disband, they can't even sing. bom main vocalist ? ahahahha she can't even hit a high note without straining. dara is a good for nothing. minzy is the ugly duckling. bom is the plastic duckling & cl is the wanna be black duckling. thinking she can rap ? please Yoon Mi Rae can slay her ass in rapping. Yoon Mi Rae is the QUEEN , she can show cl what real rapping is.0Guess what ya ,2NE1 is FLOP ahahahaha hopefully cl debut goes down. 2ne1 should disband, they can't even sing. bom main vocalist ? ahahahha she can't even hit a high note without straining. dara is a good for nothing. minzy is the ugly duckling. bom is the plastic duckling & cl is the wanna be black duckling. thinking she can rap ? please Yoon Mi Rae can slay her ass in rapping. Yoon Mi Rae is the QUEEN , she can show cl what real rapping is.2Guess what ya , 2NE1 is FLOP ahahahaha hopefully cl debut goes down. 2ne1 should disband, they can't even sing. bom main vocalist ? ahahahha she can't even hit a high note without straining. dara is a good for nothing. minzy is the ugly duckling. bom is the plastic duckling & cl is the wanna be black duckling. thinking she can rap ? please Yoon Mi Rae can slay her ass in rapping. Yoon Mi Rae is the QUEEN , she can show cl what real rapping is.