Making guns and electric guitars is pretty impressive, but it seems as though the current boom in 3D printing advancements has found found a proper use. Well, a proper, somewhat poetic use which is currently in beta stage. Researcher and Instructables DIY project site team member Amanda Ghassaei has discovered a way to use theBboy championships in Las VegasBboy competitions held at the heart of Sin City In 2010, Las Vegas saw a kind of entertainment that it had never experienced before. It was one of the most electrifying performances that casino-goers had never expected to see from a group of artists that remain unknown to the world. ItOne of the most pondered upon questions that many young adult B-Boys (and their parents) wonder is, how do professional B-Boys make a living? According to the “B-Boying Statistics and Research” Facebook research group, the second most common way that someone gets introduced into B-Boying, is through High School, thei know what to do next time with my empty spray cans after im done hitting the streets, i came across this next level recycling , that actually is good for nature, less waste, and also would fit as a dope piece of decoration inside your crib, or as a dope give away. Turning used Graffiti Spray Cans Into Art. Read MoreCongratulations Menno, This year was a year with many ups and downs, winning battles but having to deal with a nasty injury which costed him a few titles, but his Believe, determination and will made him the Bcone 2014 world champion. FINAL BATTLE MENNO VS TAISUKEJoshua Jose unexpectedly passed away on November 4th while working in LA. He's known for being the man behind the camera following The Jabbawockeez all over the world to document their journey. We are having this fundraiser to ask our family, friends, and fans to give what you can to help Josh's family with their expenses Press on theToday, Red Bull BC One announces 16 of the world’s best B-boys who will compete for the globe’s most-coveted title in B-boying—the Red Bull BC One World Champion. The dancers, will go head-to-head in Paris on November 29th,were narrowed down from 90 international B-boy cyphers and six intense qualifying Finals in the USA, Brazil, Algeria,We are community of break and hip-hop DJ's, "Yalta Summer Jam" residents from CIS territory. "Breaking news" is the recent message from break DJ's who keep their fingers on the pulse of world breaking events, who are committed to the classical school of Dj'ing on the weelz of steel. Most of us are either former b-boys or they still dance to the pcheers to the notion of Love, Hate, God, and Revolution is a collection of short stories and poetry that are based on these four topics. It is an immigrant's perspective on coping and coming to terms with his own belief system and life. The book is at times angry, at times it is trying to see light, at times it is just trying to hold on to loveThey’re used to facing one another beneath the glare of studio lighting, but Brad Pitt and Jimmy Fallon found themselves in unfamiliar and significantly funnier territory on Wednesday evening. The pair are given the chance to show off their breakdancing skills as they face-off for a body-popping contest in an empty garage. With no dialogue,Live Online Today! RED BULL BC ONE BATTLE FOR PARIS Compete with the Best B-Boys in the World The word’s best B-Boys will come together in Paris on November 29 for the Red Bull BC One France World Final 2014. Be a part of the action with the free online game, “Red Bull BC One Battle for Paris.” An immersive experience in the 8-bitIf you have been dancing for a while you’re sure to have heard of one of the most prolific west coast crews, Circle of Fire. Known for their fusion of breaking and house, Circle of Fire has been pushing the boundaries of free expression in breaking for nearly two decades; a yin to the yang of traditionalism and structure. Mason Rose spent some tiWhat started as a vision of dancers from Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany, an international project came into being: With the aid of breakdance as means of expression, we will counteract street violence with street culture together with dance enthusiastic children and teenagers from slums of Manila, Philippines. Joint by numerous breakdancers fromStance were invited to the beautiful town of Marmaris, Turkey to cover Underground Funky Base 8 World Finals. Featuring the likes of Storm, Maurizio, Kapela, Ben, P-Lock, Airdit, Voodoo West Crew, Teembo and many more. This event should be on a lot more Bboys & Bgirls radar!!!! It's got it all!! Music: DuffStep - Close your eyes Chronicle GrNabil from France addressing concerns about the current state of the global scene. Nabil doesn't need no introduction, dancers that have taken the time to study the art form. have seen his footage or heard his name come by. One of France living legends adresses a change that many of us have witnessed over the past years. Most scared to speak up ,Many people only know of R16 for the battles which take place. But many people don’t know the entire live experience of being at R16 and all the different aspects and elements of the entire weekend. Here is an insider’s report of what went down at the 2014 R16 World Finals. After many months of planning, travelling, and many challenges,CHENNAI: Here’s a shout out to all of Chennai’s movers and shakers. Gear up for the country’s first ever Indian Hip Hop Fest slated for July 18, 19 and 20. With crews flying in from all over country and a range of events including a rap session, beatboxing and even a Superhero Bboy battle for the kiddies — you may want to block your calCheck out the new bboy culture video "It's Anyone's Battle" by filmmaker Mason Rose below as we mark the halfway point in UDEF's 2014 $250,000 Pro Breaking Tour featuring 40 prize money Challenger Series events and two $50,000 Champions Series events right around the corner this Fall. The Champions Series consists of the Silverback Open ChampionshiIn front of more than a thousand people gathered at La Cigale (Paris), Noé won the French qualifier for the Red Bull BC One. Under thunderous applause, he got his ticket to the European qualifier to be held in Helsinki, before the world finals in Paris at the end of the year. Selected in March during the Red Bull BC One Cypher Toulouse, Noé wThe inspiration for the 20th, was exactly that, acknowledging and paying tribute to the legacy of the Summit’s 20 years in Hip-Hop. In essence it was many of our 20th tribute, as Summit has documented our experience in the game over these last 20 years, all elements. Since Summit has always been a Hip-Hop event, in homage to the Bboys and Bgi101 Tribe. A crew founded by 2 taggers in Pasadena, California,1993. DEPT & THAIR aka DEE ROC & STUNTMAN. OSA (Originality Stands Alone) is a quote taken directly from something DEE ROC would say. STUNTMAN adopted it and can trace its echoes back to 1996, even though it was said before that. By the late 90's 101 had died down andRodney “Skip” Bryce, the hip hop artist who as DJ E-Z Rock enjoyed a breakout in the late ‘80s with “It Takes Two”, has died at 46. At time of writing, there was no verifiable information on the cause of his death. DJ E-Z Rock had the biggest hit of his career alongside fellow Harlem artist Rob Base on “It Takes Two,”Big shout outs to Kennedy Center for sponsoring the event! Shout out to One Mic Festival for collaborating with Words Beats Life! Big thanks to Rokafella, Narumi, and Ghost for judging the event with me! It was an honor to judge alongside all of you! Thanks to all 8 invited crews (HAVIKORO, Massive Monkees, Dynamic Rockers, 360 Flava, Supreme BFirst and foremost I have to thank God for blessing me with the ability to do what I love for a living! With a big sigh of relief and a big ole' grin on my face I'm happy to announce that my documentary IT'S FOR US | ES PARA NOSOTROS is finally done! Thank you to all of you that made this possible!! Read MoreLongstanding graffiti artist JonOne presents a new exhibition titled “Cryptation” at Zurich’s Julien Kolly Gallery. Creating a series of paintings of different formats and sizes that stem from his sought-after graffiti work, JonOne looks to a myriad of colors and textures in his renditions. Blending familiar graffiti motifs with abstract techA mythical place that will give your strained record collecting heart a flutter, this astonishing, derelict record warehouse has been documented by photographer Frédéric Thiphagne for his blog Les Mains Noires. And yet, kind enough to share his photos with us, Thiphagne was enigmatic when it came to explaining any more about them. Having been"The Butler" co-producer David Jacobson is behind the documentary portrait of young dancers in Colombia, Cambodia, Uganda, and Yemen. "We're not running after fame or fortune," says one of the b-boys interviewed for the new dance documentary Shake the Dust. "We're running after change." Journalist-turned-documentarian Adam Sjoberg's new filmTo close out the 2013 calendar year, Philadelphia celebrated three of its local bboys as they journey onward in their adult lives. The “Going Away Jam” was created to honor bboys Juan, Knuckles, and Lem as they embark to the United States Army. Each individual has provided major contriA few months ago, Justen was selected to play the main role in a mineral water commercial for the brand SIDI ALI (Located in Morocco / North Africa). Under the wing of Daniel Campos, also known as Bboy Cloud in the bboyworld, they started working together, knocking out the script and the results speak for themselvesThe first ever Breakin’ World Series took place in Montpellier (FRA) on December 7. Top 9 Crew from Russia became the first ever champions, beating Korean crew Morning of Owl in an epic final that included two tie-breaks. The Breakin’ WorThis year was already a great year! Lots of events and opportunities have been given to our scene. With 2014 around the corner, it looks like 2014 is going to be crazier than 2013. For the 1st time in USA Read MoreEarlier today i woke up and read the devastating news that the Graffiti Mecca of the world, 5 Pointz, located in Long Island City, Queens, New York, was painted over & whitewashed last night by the owners Jerry and David Wolkoff with police protection. In my humble opinion, the decision to paint over these walls for the buildingOne of the best things about being involved in the BBOY community is seeing each other grow. People grow as dancers, grow as a crew, and grow in the career path of their choice. It’s always dope to see someone from the streets make it in any industry on a professional level. Our community always has aspiring talented individuals on the break throIt’s an event the Bboy community are eagerly awaiting – the first ever Breakin’ World Series. The new contest, taking place at Montpellier’s (FRA) Zénith Sud on December 7, 2013, has developed a unique approach to the battle format that promises to rock the Hip Hop community and bring the city of Montpellier alive for an entire weeHOUSTON (KTRK) -- A community center that helps at-risk youth keep out of trouble has found itself in trouble. Someone broke into the facility, taking money and computers. But one important thing was left behind.The damage from the break in is clear to see at the Break Free community center. "They broke our windows, stole our comp Read MoreBreak mission is a collaborate effort between Russell David "Footloose" and Justin "JustRoc" Lie. Both having the same vision of "giving back" to the community around them through their bboying (break dancing) passion. The original concept of break mission was inspired by a Break Dance event held on October 9th 2010 in the Bronx (New York).In the 1980s she shot to fame as the UK’s first female Bgirl, her amazing moves appearing in hit music videos and adverts. And 30 years later Hanifa McQueen-Hudson is making a name for herself yet again – by incorporating painting into her impressive dances. The talented mother of two spends her days spinning around herJuly 2013, the American Consulate General Jerusalem brought Ground Zero Crew on a diplomatic dance mission to Israel. Every day for one week the troupe taught fundamentals, power moves, battle tactics, advanced threads, character and stage presence to 40 plus Palestinian youths in Nablus on the West Bank, ages 10-25, culminating in a showcase at thThis speech was held during the Hip Hop appreciation week in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. There, KRS-One held his forty years of Hip-Hop lecture in the Bijlmer neighborhood. KRS-One shares valuable secrets on the history, meaning and philosophy of Hip Hop. Slavery, education, spirituality, culture, modern society, war, the economy, mainstream hip-hoThis week i came across a disturbing trend that sadly is gaining popularity within our community, people jacking other peoples shit! Hey we all know life aint easy these days but stealing from your own people wont fix whatever situation you in, First Strife Tv became a victim of theft ,and now its Dj leanrock. whoever did this cant imagine the impaAre you stuck to classic breaks or is your mind open to get down to freshly made breaks? In this last case you should be copping MistaSweet's very first release “Boylin' Breaks” on 7” vinyl! MistaSweet has been produciChris Brown is beefing up his acting résumé with a lead in the new flick "Planet B-Boy," alongside "Lost" actor Josh Holloway. The Benson Lee-directed film is based on Lee's award-winning 2007 documentary of the same name, according to the Hollywood Reporter. According to a description from studio Screen Gems, it "is about an all-star Amerback on the 80s and 90s, few can argue the catastrophic effect of crack cocaine on the black community. When crack cocaine hit the streets in the early 80s, it opened up an entire new market for drug users. Individuals who normally couldn’t afford the expensive high of cocaine, could now receive a more intensified