2015 NFL Draft Scouting Report: FS Derron SmithThe Denver Broncos will not just look for developmental players in this year's draft. (Photo credit: NFL.com)Denver Broncos Draft Report: FS Derron SmithWe all know the Broncos can put up a solid amount of points and will not need much help on offense besides a couple additions to the offensive line. With a good amount of players needed to be signed this offseason, there is a solid possibility that Denver will not be able to keep free safety Rahim Moore. The Broncos will be too tight on the salary cap with them already having to work on contracts with Demaryius Thomas. Look for Denver to go after a free safety in this year’s draft to replace Moore at a much cheaper price.One candidate I like in this year’s draft to replace Moore is free safety out of Fresno State Derron Smith. Good on technique after getting plenty of experience over the last 4 seasons, Smith could come right in and compete for the starting job. This would end up being great value for Denver with Smith being a projected 3rd-4th round draft pick. Any starter you can get later than the 2nd round is automatically great value for a team.Smith has excellent ball skills if you watch the film. With a total of 15 interceptions in his Fresno State career, the stats also show his ball skills as well. This could be a great addition for Denver who always look for turnovers on defense which allows their elite offense more chances to put points on the board. Especially if Peyton Manning returns, these interceptions will be even more helpful for the Broncos.With the Broncos already excellent against stopping the run, the addition of Smith makes even more sense. Smith has the ability to cover wide receivers in the NFL with incredible hip control. One of his main traits is being able to change direction with receivers which would be valuable for the Broncos who have had trouble covering receivers on 3rd downs this past season.Also Smith’s punt return ability could be useful for the Broncos as well which has been nonexistent this past season. Denver use to always have a spark on special teams two seasons ago. Smith averaged almost 13 yards a punt return his senior year which is very solid. If you give the Broncos offense good field position, that is a huge positive.There are a couple of weaknesses Smith has that I would like to touch on though. Scouts have shown concern regarding his size. Standing at 5’11 and 200 pounds, how big do you want a free safety to be? That size is certainly not a concern for me in which Denver already has plenty of guys like T.J. Ward to tackle big running backs. Once again, Denver is already great against the run. This size of Smith is just what Denver needs in a free safety who has to be able to cover receivers.Another weakness scouts are concerned with which goes with his size is being able to get off of blocks. But I just do not see much of an issue with Smith’s size. Coaches have already said he is not afraid to stick his nose and there and make tackles. He will not be getting blocked by 220 pound wide receivers. Look for only small slot receivers to block Smith in this league. After that being said, I am certainly not concerned about Smith’s size.With Smith showing great ability for playing the ball and not being afraid to tackle along with solid special teams’ ability, it would be in Denver’s best interest to give Smith a chance by drafting him. He would also be 4-5 million dollars cheaper than Moore as well. There are certainly more positives than negatives in Smith and it sure will be interesting to see what approach Denver takes in this year’s draft. Smith could be a steal in this draft in the 3rd-4th round.ProFootballSpot.com is an independent fan site that is in no way associated or affiliated with the NFL or its teams. We claim no rights to the trademarks of the NFL, NFL Teams, or their properties. This website is for informational and entertainment purposes only.