Sunday, February 8, 2015Robert Pattinson and Carice Van Houten (Black Book, Game of Thrones) have joined Mia Wasikowska and Guy Pearce in writer-director Martin Koolhoven’s (Winter in Wartime) thriller Brimstone, which Embankment has launched at Berlin’s EFM (Feb 5-13).Set to shoot in May 2015, the film will follow a heroine on the run from her past and a diabolical preacher. Robert Pattinson will play an outlaw.Els Vandevorst (Winter in Wartime, Dogville) of N279 Entertainment is producing, in co-production with Studio Babelsberg, The Film Farm and Prime Time.Pattinson is currently in Berlin for Anton Corbijn’s Berlinale Gala Life, which screens tonight, and Werner Herzog’s competition entry Queen of the Desert, in which he plays T.E. Lawrence.“Wasikowska is a powerhouse performer,” said Embankment co-founder Tim Haslam. “Guy Peace plays a hunter who unleashes hell. Martin directs a highly emotional, gripping and unique story of a mesmerising woman who battles the vengeance of a zealot.”Brimstone Synopsis:Retribution is coming… Prepare yourself. For something very special… A triumphant epic of survival set in the searing wilds of the Badlands, the menacing inferno of the old American West. A tale of powerful womanhood and resistance against the unforgiving cruelty of a hell on earth. Our heroine is Liz, carved from the beautiful wilderness, full of heart and grit, accused of a crime she didn’t commit, hunted by a vengeful Preacher – a diabolical zealot and her twisted nemesis. But Liz is a genuine survivor; she’s no victim – a woman of fearsome strength who responds with astonishing bravery to claim the better life she and her daughter deserve.Wow, this makes 3 movies Rob is signed up to film this year, that we know of. What a busy actor!Two premieres at Berlin, maybe even more career news to come in the next couple of days. I'm sure Rob gets sent scripts all the time, but I love how he's choosing to work with such strong directors, not just taking anything that's offered (we heard he passed on that Elvis and Nixon movie).He's in such a good place now, happy in his professional and private life. I'm guessing we'll see Tahliah in Budapest as soon as her tour ends on Tuesday. Lucky Rob!Actually, T was at the airport in Perth today on her way back home. She has two concerts in London, the 19th and 20th, so since she has about 8 or 9 days before they take place, she could very well go visit with Rob. Love all the great QOTD and Life reviews about Rob and excited over Brimstone and City of OZ. Going to be a busy guy.