POV SpankingCheck out our Affordable HIGH Quality Spanking Clips!We provide HD1080 & HD720 Quality "POV" Spanking clips from YOUR perspective as the spanker OR spankee involving yourself & some stunning ladies with the best scolders in the world of spanking for your absolute viewing pleasure. This has been on ongoing project & we admit that we didn't always get it right at the start but we hope you can see how this Clips Store has developed & improved & we have MORE exciting plans to bring you including a NEW genuinely immersive way of being a part of the POV film genre that no one else has thought of! You will see MORE of these films appearing from the end of 2014 and 2015 onwards. Do YOU really want to feel like you are spanking, scolding or getting told off or humiliated? Try out your preferred perspective or if you switch enjoy the best of BOTH worlds! All our film descriptions will tell you the precise nature of the clips & you'll be able to see them in various formats such as MP4, WMV & MOV giving you the choice & the best possible quality!This Store contains spanking clips & we don't do lengthy intros, music or long credits that eat into your valuable per minute quota... we just want to give you more of that immersive quality to get off to from the start! We aren't some tired or model that isn't into spanking at all, we genuinely CARE & want to make the best possible POV experiences! All this in glorious HD Playback - courtesy of the makers of fine spanking entertainment from the good folk from Triple A Spanking (AAAspanking)To order Clips simply click the ADD TO CART button on each clip you want to purchase. Once you have selected all the clips into your cart click the BUY NOW button on the cart to take you to the checkout page. If you are only purchasing 1 clip from this studio you can do a quick purchase by simply clicking he BUY NOW button to the left of the clip image and you will be taken directly to the checkout page.Clips will be sent in their orignal format. This could vary from store to store. Most popular formats are...MPG, WMV, RM, MOV, AVI, MP4, and even ZIP. After downloading the file simply open it with the appropriate player and enjoy the clip. We provide you with a list of players as well as zip utilities in the download area.Aleesha is furious with you... she has just seen the bill for last month's credit card bill and your filthy habit of joining up to various fetish and spanking sites has been discovered! She is not happy at all and tells you in no uncertain terms if that is what you like then she will punish you severely right there as she is sick of you looking for filth on the internet instead of paying her some attention! After the scolding and threats of the hairbrush across your bare behind, you then experience this as you go over her lap - all the while she is talking down to you, humiliating you like the miserable pervert you are!Schoolgirl Rosie is in detention and this POV is from your perspective as the person who is going to carry out her punishment. This new style POV film is far more interactive as we invite you to repeat what is said on the text so you'll see Rosie react to your questions and commands! We tried this before and it proved very popular, so this interactive wooden paddling film is as authentic from your view as we can make it. Poor Rosie gives you reasons why she should bot be punished but you are having none of it! This is the 1st of many unique style real POV spankings you will see using this interactive narrative which we have not seen at any other clip store!Rosie Ann - POV - POV Spanking - POV Paddling - Detention - Schoolgirl - Interactive POVSchoolgirl Rosie is in detention and this POV is from your perspective as the person who is going to carry out her punishment. This new style POV film is far more interactive as we invite you to repeat what is said on the text so you'll see Rosie react to your questions and commands! We tried this before and it proved very popular, so this interactive wooden paddling film is as authentic from your view as we can make it. Poor Rosie gives you reasons why she should bot be punished but you are having none of it! This is the 1st of many unique style real POV spankings you will see using this interactive narrative which we have not seen at any other clip store!Rosie Ann - POV - POV Spanking - POV Paddling - Detention - Schoolgirl - Interactive POVSchoolgirl Rosie is in detention and this POV is from your perspective as the person who is going to carry out her punishment. This new style POV film is far more interactive as we invite you to repeat what is said on the text so you'll see Rosie react to your questions and commands! We tried this before and it proved very popular, so this interactive wooden paddling film is as authentic from your view as we can make it. Poor Rosie gives you reasons why she should bot be punished but you are having none of it! This is the 1st of many unique style real POV spankings you will see using this interactive narrative which we have not seen at any other clip store!Rosie Ann - POV - POV Spanking - POV Paddling - Detention - Schoolgirl - Interactive POVThis final installment of a special feature with the best "Scoldrix", Dana Specht, sees her very, VERY displeased with you. Again, this film is a POV from your perspective as you are chastized and scolded as only Mistress Dana knows how to. She shows you that cane and how she's going to swing wildly at your bare bottom with it, This makes you really nervous! Good! Now she has got your attention, there is the small matter of you removing your pants and underwear so she can cane your bare bottom. Dana even plays some horrible mind games with you as you wait there, trembling... she swishes the cane several times but as you brace for impact there is nothing, you look around and see her wicked smirk as she is swishing the cane through the air. She wanted to see how you'd react! You can't take anymore of this and just want the caning over with - so that is what happens as a naughty boy like you knows he deserves this punishment... right?This final installment of a special feature with the best "Scoldrix", Dana Specht, sees her very, VERY displeased with you. Again, this film is a POV from your perspective as you are chastized and scolded as only Mistress Dana knows how to. She shows you that cane and how she's going to swing wildly at your bare bottom with it, This makes you really nervous! Good! Now she has got your attention, there is the small matter of you removing your pants and underwear so she can cane your bare bottom. Dana even plays some horrible mind games with you as you wait there, trembling... she swishes the cane several times but as you brace for impact there is nothing, you look around and see her wicked smirk as she is swishing the cane through the air. She wanted to see how you'd react! You can't take anymore of this and just want the caning over with - so that is what happens as a naughty boy like you knows he deserves this punishment... right?This final installment of a special feature with the best "Scoldrix", Dana Specht, sees her very, VERY displeased with you. Again, this film is a POV from your perspective as you are chastized and scolded as only Mistress Dana knows how to. She shows you that cane and how she's going to swing wildly at your bare bottom with it, This makes you really nervous! Good! Now she has got your attention, there is the small matter of you removing your pants and underwear so she can cane your bare bottom. Dana even plays some horrible mind games with you as you wait there, trembling... she swishes the cane several times but as you brace for impact there is nothing, you look around and see her wicked smirk as she is swishing the cane through the air. She wanted to see how you'd react! You can't take anymore of this and just want the caning over with - so that is what happens as a naughty boy like you knows he deserves this punishment... right?This naughty clip is for all you voyeurs out there, the ones that like to watch and might be afraid to touch! You are in Candle's hotel room for a session when she expects that you will spank her. You forgot to mention that you LOVE to see a girl spank herself in front of you first. "Oh really?" She asks demurely in that cute southern accent, "I think I can do that for you... you naughty thing!" As she winks at you and starts to play and spank herself as instructed. In fact, watching this so turns you on that she can see how excited you are at what she is doing and this is just the start! Candle loves to tease and play... so this is perfect for her, she gives you one of the most erotic self spankings all the time remarking on your excited performance too! She caresses and spanks her bare bottom, even getting into such an intimate "crab position" so you can see her spank both her cheeks and you can admire her womanly charms! Candle is surely one of the hottest girls out there willing to please your every whim... see for yourself!This naughty clip is for all you voyeurs out there, the ones that like to watch and might be afraid to touch! You are in Candle's hotel room for a session when she expects that you will spank her. You forgot to mention that you LOVE to see a girl spank herself in front of you first. "Oh really?" She asks demurely in that cute southern accent, "I think I can do that for you... you naughty thing!" As she winks at you and starts to play and spank herself as instructed. In fact, watching this so turns you on that she can see how excited you are at what she is doing and this is just the start! Candle loves to tease and play... so this is perfect for her, she gives you one of the most erotic self spankings all the time remarking on your excited performance too! She caresses and spanks her bare bottom, even getting into such an intimate "crab position" so you can see her spank both her cheeks and you can admire her womanly charms! Candle is surely one of the hottest girls out there willing to please your every whim... see for yourself!This naughty clip is for all you voyeurs out there, the ones that like to watch and might be afraid to touch! You are in Candle's hotel room for a session when she expects that you will spank her. You forgot to mention that you LOVE to see a girl spank herself in front of you first. "Oh really?" She asks demurely in that cute southern accent, "I think I can do that for you... you naughty thing!" As she winks at you and starts to play and spank herself as instructed. In fact, watching this so turns you on that she can see how excited you are at what she is doing and this is just the start! Candle loves to tease and play... so this is perfect for her, she gives you one of the most erotic self spankings all the time remarking on your excited performance too! She caresses and spanks her bare bottom, even getting into such an intimate "crab position" so you can see her spank both her cheeks and you can admire her womanly charms! Candle is surely one of the hottest girls out there willing to please your every whim... see for yourself!