25 Unbelievably Ridiculous Holiday Complaints People Have Really MadeHoliday is supposed to be the short, longed-for time of the year when you get away from all the stress, frustrations, everyday problems and pesky colleagues. You should spend all the time with your friends or family doing nothing but relaxing and having fun. Unfortunately, not everybody shares this opinion. There are people out there who can be constantly irritated, upset and incredibly nasty even on holiday. What these people usually do is they just keep complaining. About everybody and everything. From a too sandy beach to a missing egg slicer, check out these 25 holiday complaints that travel agents have really received.25“Topless sunbathing on the beach should be banned. The holiday was ruined as my husband spent all day looking at other women.”www.theguardian.com24„Our room was just 16 C. As an evidence, I am sending you a photo of the thermometer reading 20 C.“www.escapehunter.com23“The brochure stated: ‘No hairdressers at the resort’. We’re trainee hairdressers and we think they knew it and made us wait longer for service.”www.danoah.com22„The ice in my glass melted too quickly.“channelinstincts.com21“It is your duty as a tour operator to advise us of noisy or unruly guests before we travel.”desidanceteams.com20„The brochure didn’t say from what cardinal point the sun rises in Spain.“frank.itlab.us19„Nobody told us the sand would be hot. It was almost impossible to walk on it.“www.swide.com18„I only got 2 toilet paper rolls per day.“www.paystolivegreen.com17“I’m sure I’ve stayed in this hotel room in a previous life. I cannot stay here again.“seo-hacker.com16“The roads were uneven and bumpy, so we could not read the local guide book during the bus ride to the resort. Because of this, we were unaware of many things that would have made our holiday more fun.”www.gotokyo.org15„Food in the Greek hotel was too Greek. We had to eat in the nearby fast food.“skywalker.cochise.edu14“We booked a trip to a water park but nobody told us we had to bring our swimming suits and towels.”