Personalised Albums - of course we have a wide range of albums to choose from to suit all budgets and tastes but we are also very experienced and successful in designing album layouts that speak to our couples. Design options include: clean black background with one or two photographs per page, or the same with a white background, or textured background (of your flowers or dress or your venue’s architecture) bled to the edges of the page and slightly muted with other photographs over the top, a big impact double page spread of one of your landscape-type portraits with rich colours and bled to the edges...the combinations are endless. The right style depends very much on your day, your character and your preferences. We work with you to tease out the right style for you.Fast Delivery - within a few days of your wedding we’ll get a dozen or so low-res digital photographs to you so you can share them with your friends on Facebook etc. The rest, usually around 400+, we aim to get to you within three weeks of your wedding but at very busy times of year this can extend to four weeks. If you have an album package you’ll be invited to choose your favourite photographs for inclusion in the album. Having received your preferences we’ll normally get the first draft of the design to you within a week or two. We then iterate the design with you for as many times as needed. It usually then takes up to two weeks to get your album printed.Preparation - we do whatever it takes to work with you to make sure that we understand your preferences, that we understand your plans and are familiar with your venues. This includes whatever meetings, phone calls and visits are required.Local - we have always lived and worked in Hampshire. We know the venues, the locations and many wedding suppliers from Hampshire and the surrounding area.Security - we both shoot the most important moments several times on both of our cameras. We’ve never had a failure but this ensures security of your photographs even if we did have.Fun - we’ve been happily married for twenty-eight years and we have a lot of fun, we love working together and love weddings. Our love and passion for our work is quite infectious and is considered a lovely thing to have at a wedding - don’t forget, your wedding photographers are the only wedding professionals that are with you for the whole day (assuming you have a full coverage package)Wedding Photographers for Hampshire, West Sussex & SurreyWe cover wedding venues in Hampshire, West Sussex and Surrey. We dress like guests and mingle as guests for most of the day. You’ll hardly notice we’re there, except when we are organising formals or shooting your portraits…and maybe when you need us to pin a button hole or tie a cravat.Excellent ServiceWe're hard-working, flexible, thorough and reliable professional wedding photographers. We're talented, creative story-tellers who are helpful and friendly and love weddings.Contact us now to see if we're free on your date. We'd be delighted to speak to you on the phone or meet you to discuss your requirements.Great ValueEvery package includes two photographers. We're a husband and wife team that are used to working together to get you the best wedding photographs with the least fuss.We strongly recommend a pre-wedding shoot where we show you how to relax, how to stand and how to look at your best. It gets you used to the cameras and we all get to know each other. Most of our packages include a pre-wedding shoot.With every package you get a disk with all the processed shots of your wedding in high resolution, without watermarks and with permission to copy and print for personal use.Every package includes creative processing of selected shots as well as a password protected online album for your friends and family to enjoy a slideshow and order prints.Our bespoke story book albums include your selection of 100-150 images beautifully printed on quality paper by one of the UK's most acclaimed wedding album suppliers.We shoot in a variety of styles throughout the day ranging from candid, reportage/photojournalism, contemporary and fine art to traditional giving you plenty of opportunity to choose the styles you like most for your album and prints.