Bobbi Kristina: Police Investigating Possible Cover-Up Before She Was FoundSo scary. Police continue to investigate whether or not foul play was involved in Bobbi’s drowning, but what’s even more chilling is that Nick Gordon may have tried to cover-up the scene before medical help arrived.Was Nick Gordon covering up something terrible while Bobbi Kristina Brown, 21, was lying unconscious in her bathtub? Bobbi’s “husband” allegedly attempted to remove blood stains and more in Bobbi’s Roswell, Georgia home before police and medical personnel arrived to try and save her life, a shocking new report claims. This situation just took an alarming new turn.Bobbi Kristina Brown Police Investigation: Was There A Cover-Up?Max Lomas, a friend of Bobbi’s who was at her house when she was discovered, says that Nick allegedly tried to get rid of blood stains and clean up Bobbi’s home, TMZ reports.There’s no official word on what caused Bobbi to remain submerged in the bathtub for as long as 30 minutes. She reportedly also has suspicious injuries that need answers. Police are certainly focusing on the possibility of foul play, especially regarding Nick.This is such a terrible tragedy no matter which way you look at it. We sincerely hope no foul play was involved.Nick and Bobbi have allegedly had a violent relationship in the past, according to the outlet. HollywoodLife.com has learned EXCLUSIVELY that Bobbi’s family was worried about Nick’s motives.“Bobbi and Nick have a terrible relationship,” our source said. “Her friends and family have worried about how Nick treated her for years. The family worried he was emotionally abusive.”Bobbi Kristina Brown: Her Family’s Fighting At Her BedsideBobbi has yet to regain consciousness since Jan. 31, and her family is being forced to think about possible funeral plans. However, the Browns and the Houstons are already at odds over the service. The Brown family doesn’t want to be ignored like they were at Whitney Houston’s funeral in 2012.There’s also tension over Bobbi’s estate and who will inherit her $20 million fortune if she should pass away. What a troubling situation.