IngredientsAdditional InformationWeight0.6 lbsDisclaimerFor external use only. Some ingredients are flammable, keep away from fire or flames. Do not use in eyes. In case of contact, rinse thoroughly with water. Stop use and consult a doctor if irritation and redness develop and persist for more than 72 hours. Keep out of reach of children. If swallowed, get medical help or contact a Poison Control Center immediately.Allergy WarningMonica Potter Home, LLC strives to provide complete ingredient information for all of our products. Detailed ingredient information can be found on our website and on individual product labels. Please use these resources to determine if a particular product is appropriate for your personal circumstances. IF YOU HAVE A HISTORY OF ALLERGIES, PLEASE USE COMMON SENSE IN PURCHASING OR USING OUR PRODUCTS. See our Terms of Services for other important notices.Reviews (3)3 reviews for Room Spray5 out of 5Pam Moore(verified owner) – February 2, 2015:Love these room sprays. So far, I have purchased Frosted Pinecone and Sparkling Snowflake. They are a perfect air freshener to have on hand, especially popular in the guest bath!5 out of 5Christina C. – February 2, 2015:Have purchased the Sparkling Snowflake and think it is a wonderful fresh scent to use in any room. Love!!5 out of 5Leanne Hegler – February 12, 2015:I bought this in both Cranberry and Frosted Pinecone. The Frosted Pinecone was great during the holidays. Having a “permanent” aka fake tree I miss the smell of pine. This spray fixes that problem! I had a lot of compliments on the Cranberry scent. I keep it in my car glove compartment and it makes my car smell amazing! My husband loves the industrial look of the bottle.Related ProductsI am so excited to share my latest and most personal project with you: Monica Potter Home. It is very near and dear to my heart for many reasons, especially because it allows me to return to the community that gave me so much.Raised in Cleveland by two very hardworking parents—my late father, the inventor and my mother, the homemaker—I have always dreamed of some day making my own goods to enrich and beautify everyone’s homes.In 2012, I launched Monica Potter Home and began working with local artisans and craftspeople to produce a line of home goods that celebrates a simple, honest and beautiful approach to homemaking. Each product is developed and naturally made by the hardworking people of the Ohio Valley, bringing jobs to the place I still call home.My childhood home recently became our company’s headquarters. I hope to bring further sustainability to our area, not just through environmental consciousness, but also through the establishment of long-term job opportunities and economic growth.With our products, we aim to supplement the beauty and comfort of our customers’ homes, supporting the foundation on which their children are raised and their lives are led. Each season, a new set of unique, high-quality, handcrafted items designed to enhance and beautify the home will be made available for purchase at a reasonable price.We are thrilled to share our products with you and your family. Thank you so much for your support of our company and community.