Locker Rooms by Patty LesserLike most people, Alida has contemplated one of life’s biggest mysteries: What happens to your soul when you die? What if it is stolen by a cruel demon, and your eternity’s resting place becomes an empty locker in a secret cavern? What if the biblical hell was a real place, where real people suffered unspeakably?It is real, and it is a horrifying place, where the souls of good people are imprisoned with no hope for escape or rescue ... until Alida appears. Putting her life in jeopardy, Alida battles a wicked demon and even the true devil to win the right to free the souls and return them to their own graves, where they can rest in peace.Locker Rooms is a story of love and hate, friends and enemies, religion and history, and the eternal battle between good and evil. It tells the story of a lost woman who changes her life when she saves the souls of good people being imprisoned by a demon for his own narcissistic pleasure. What she experiences in the process will change her life forever....If this book fails social media etiquette please report the book hereHave You Read This BookThen the Author would appreciate a review, it doesn't have to be a large review just a simple one will do, with a few lines describing what you liked about the book. Click the image right for a USA review or CLICK ME for a UK review.Fantasy BooksFiction BooksRomance BooksLocker Rooms by Patty LesserThank you for visiting the book Locker Rooms by Patty Lesser. We hope you will add it to your collection of kindle books. Above you will find ways to social interact with this book and just above we have displayed some other books that have similar categories to this book. Readers Gazette is always looking for ways to improve its service of providing novels for you to read, please contact us via the ABOUT button with any suggestions of improvements. This book and others like it can be found by searching the genresFantasy BooksLocker Rooms by Patty Lesser This book has a genre of Fantasy, Fantasy Books would be about out of the normal world fiction where the creatures or places would be fantastic, mythological, such beings as vampires, werewolves or fairies. Where there could also be dragons and magic, they can also have a Sci-Fi element to them also. Famous Fantasy Books include Harry Potter, The Hobbit, A Game Of Thrones and Lord of the Rings.Fiction BooksLocker Rooms by Patty Lesser No description available yetRomance BooksLocker Rooms by Patty Lesser This book has a genre of Romance, Romance books are usually love stories with happy endings but this is not always the case. A lot of Romantic Books would also fall under Female Literature Books and Chick-Lit Books. Mills $ Boon Books would be classed as Romance Books.ReadersGazette.Com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.Master of the Force 2 by Karl KaulbackAfter returning from a long hard battle with the evil forces to their peaceful world Matthew and his troop are summoned to Two Feathers. It seems an Alien race has been taking over planet earth and the Master of the Force and his followers are needed to intervene. Many gangs and drug lords had taken over the streets but people were not prepared for what was taking place.In this book Master of the Force 2 “Earth Bound “, Matthew and his troop recruit two new warriors and a super human...Numbers: Where Their Story Begins by Elizabeth CooperDestiny Sojourns is a senior in High School who has lived on the run for most of her life. Skipping from town to town and being the “new kid” was a normal part of life. She lived looking behind her for enemies that hunt her, until she decided to become comfortable and settle with her mother into a small NH town. Destiny is part of a unique group of people called Numbers and with Destiny’s Number soon to appear her enemies will now be able to find her. If that wasn’t enough her...ARI the teddy bear must travel into the land of monsters to rescue his boy who was taken in the night. In the process, Ari discovers a much larger plot that threatens all children everywhere. Welcome to a world where teddy bears come to life at night to protect the children, and shadow monsters are controlled by goblins and orcs, The first book in the Teddy Defender series will entice young readers that enjoy fantasy and adventure in the style of Pixar or Disney, as well as older readers...Krikkit's Shoes: The Kingdom of D'Arragon by Jessie BestKrikkit discovers treachery and intrigue when she is transported to the magical Kingdom of D'Arragon by the beautiful shiny black leather shoes which have mysteriously found their way into her very ordinary life.She finds magic and mystery in D'Arragon as well as a royal dynastyin trouble. The boy princes are kidnapped in an attempt to get their father, the King, to give up his right to the throne.As this long ago prophecy threatens to become only too real, Krikkit, with the help of...Princess Silly's Bedtime Stories by Rachel JohnIn a time even your parents don’t remember, in a land far, far away from where you or I sit, there lived a small kingdom ruled by a king and queen. Their only child was a daughter named Salina, or as they called her for short, Silly.Don't give up on reading bedtime stories just yet. Princess Silly's Bedtime Stories are for girls who love princesses, light romance, and plenty of silliness. They are written to be read aloud, a chapter a night. Join Silly and her family for 6 stories of...