Steve Mason won't travel with FlyersFrank Seravalli, Daily News Staff WriterWASHINGTON — Flyers goaltender Steve Mason abruptly left Sunday's matinee against the Capitals with an injury and will not accompany the team to Montreal.Mason, 26, hobbled to the bench as Washington was about to begin its fourth power play of the day. He was pitching a shutout, just over halfway (31:18) into the contest.Mason needed help even stepping off the Verizon Center ice to make his way into the bench. From there, he only made it to the Flyers’ locker room with the assistance of trainers, who literally carried him there."He's being evaluated," Flyers GM Ron Hextall said. "He won't be coming to Montreal, so I guess it's that serious."Mason missed four straight games from Dec. 20-29 and then another six games from Jan. 12-20 with what he later revealed as a right knee injury. Even after not practicing during the All-Star break, Mason was back in net when the Flyers returned to action on Jan. 27, replacing Ray Emery after a rough start against the Coyotes.It was unclear how Mason suffered this latest injury - with everyone from Hextall to Emery saying they were cauht off-guard. Few people, if anyone, saw how the injury occurred. The Flyers are just calling it a "lower-body" injury, but it would be surprising if this wasn't connected to his previous ailments. Mason did say on Jan. 27 that more "drastic measures" were considered in January by the team's medical staff with his knee issue, hinting that surgery was a possibility.Hextall said Sunday evening he "does not believe" Mason's current injury is related to the last one. If that is the case, Mason will have sustained three completely independent lower-body injuries in a span of six weeks.Is Hextall concerned with Mason's health?"I don't know," Hextall said. "Sometimes those things come in waves. You get injured multiple times. Other times, you go years without. Obviously, we're not thrilled about it. What are you going to do?"Rookie Anthony Stolarz, 21, will serve as Emery's backup when the Flyers' road trip continues in Montreal. Frequent backup Rob Zepp was injured in Saturday's Phantoms game and is unavailable. Hextall said it "would be a surprise" if Mason was able to rejoin the week-long road trip, which includes stops in Columbus and Buffalo.Hextall admitted Stolarz was "probably not" ready for the NHL, but he is the team's only real option at the moment, considering Zepp's injury and Stolarz is the only other organizational goaltender with an NHL contract. Connor Knapp, the 6-foot-6 24-year-old who served as Stolarz's backup yesterday in Hershey, has an AHL contract. Knapp played two games for the Buffalo Sabres last season."Emotion is an uplifting thing, though," Hextall said, referring to Stolarz's call-up. Hextall wasn't sure whether Stolarz would make it to Montreal in time for the team's late-morning practice at Bell Centre on Monday, considering the weather and that Stolarz was coming from Hershey.Mason had been nearly flawless in his last few outings, posting a .959 save percentage in his last seven games to go along with a 5-0-1 record (and one no decision). He entered Sunday tied for 4th in the NHL in save percentage (.925).