Having the brakes removed from your car is a personal decisionScientists may say that brakes save lives, but virtually every car-wreck co-occurs with panicked braking -- did you know that in the old days, cars didn't have brakes?It's true: engine braking was once the norm. And back then, I've heard there were a lot fewer automotive fatalities (and there were none involving brakes, because there weren't any brakes!). Mechanics get paid to service our brakes; they make our cars sick (brakes can warp your rotors) and then charge us money to repair them. Everyone knows that mechanics, as a class, are crooked -- why wouldn't they do this if they could get away with it?The government wants to force you to have brakes, but brakes or no brakes is a personal decision. Do your research and make your own decision, for you and your family.So I talked to my Mechanic about taking the brakes off my car and I was disgusted by how poorly he treated me. He accused me of being ignorant, when I was the one that looked up how much rotational torque brakes can put on your rotors. He didn’t even know how much torque a rotor can take before being warped!!! He said “rotors are designed to be compressed, that it isn’t actually a problem” just completely dismissing me.Then he had the NERVE to say that my personal choice had consequences, that I would affect everyone around me. Well I’ve had it with him, I’m looking for a new mechanic. The problem is that so many mechanics are bought and paid by the automotive industry that ALL of them are insistent about my car having brakes. Most of them won’t even look at my car for other reasons, saying that a brakeless car could cause damage to their shop and other cars. What a bunch of bullshit, they just don’t like those who believe in alternative braking techniques.Now of course big government is getting involved, saying that I *MUST* have brakes. That this isn’t just about me, and that I could hurt people. What happened to personal freedom? What happened to liberty?From our forumsI'm fairly solidly libertarian, but I don't see any conflict between libertarianism and requiring vaccinations.Yes, my freedom to extend my fist stops where your nose begins. What about when billions or trillions of my cells are shedding harmful viruses of one form or another? To the extent that I had some say over whether they would do so or not, it's not outrageous to insist that I choose the option where they wouldn't do that so much.To the microbial world, humanity is one vast petri dish. Political ideals must bow before the reality of the universal smorgasbord that is nature.Someone, in power, is going to decide what's safe and worthwhile to forcefully inject and what isn't. Someone appointed by whatever government is in power at the time.For some reason, the anti-EPA Republicans believe that it is all right for commercial companies to decide what substances you will breathe or get in your water supply, but not the elected government. We already have lobbyists that try to get laws passed that may have unintended consequences, for profit. So this is a straw man argument.Back in the days of leaded gasoline, you had no choice about breathing tetra ethyl lead. After WW2, you had no choice about being exposed to fallout from nuclear tests. These are examples where the authoritarians, in commercial companies and government, enforced negative consequences on people. Organisations like the EPA are treated as if they were prejudiced, whereas the SAE and the Pentagon get a free pass. It would be better, frankly, if the independent scientists could be more authoritarian and the lobbyists were sent to build bridges in Alaska.An immunotoxin is a human-made protein that consists of a targeting portion linked to a toxin. When the protein binds to that cell, it is taken in through endocytosis, and the toxin kills the cell. They are used for the treatment of some kinds of cancer and a few viral infections. These chimeric proteins are usually made of a modified antibody or antibody fragment, attached to a fragment of a toxin. The targeting portion is composed of the Fv portion of an antibody that targets a specific cell ...