Bonsoir blogans, bloganistas, allThe Prime Minister Tony Abbott at a press conference in Parliament House Canberra this afternoon, Monday 9th February 2015 Photograph: Mike Bowers/Guardian AustraliaWell kids I reckon it’s time to call it an evening. Mr Bowers and I have been pounding the pavements and the keyboard since pre-dawn and we want to remain speaking English more or less coherently for the remainder of the week.He then asked his colleagues to give him six months to reset the government. Unpopular policies are hitting the fence, so it’s hard to know how the budget will eventually add up but that, folks, is a problem for tomorrow or the day after that. Abbott says his office will change, and the government’s internal processes will change and good government will begin from today. Hubris was replaced by humility, in the undertakings at least.The resolution of the spill motion creates the perfect conditions for a more serious push against Abbott’s leadership. But that will require the various protagonists to actually fight for the job, and the factional groups to agree on the best candidate.Bill Shorten moved quickly to try and muddy the waters for Malcolm Turnbull – the flip-flopper who wouldn’t even break cover to take the job he’s always prized. Shorten’s message to bruised Coalition MPs was he’s not one of you people – you can’t trust him.Today’s vote has undoubtedly winged the PM. He may well be given a chance to recover, with the option of putting him out of his misery later if that is necessary. But now there is blood in the water, an off-the-radar battle is taking place between the right-wing conservatives who want to protect the government’s current agenda and the moderates who seek to change it. This battle is also the reason there’s no clear alternative to Abbott in the leadership stakes. The conservatives have been grooming former immigration minister Scott Morrison as their Plan B, in the event that Abbott fell under a bus. But without experience in an economic portfolio, Morrison is not yet ready for the top job.Meantime, communications minister Malcolm Turnbull has played the long-game, managing to keep moderate voters onside despite his spruiking of the Coalition’s technologically sub-optimal broadband network and keeping schtum on climate change. Deputy Liberal leader Julie Bishop has the potential to be a compromise candidate, with Liberal voters preferring her over Turnbull, but is not (yet) considered competent enough by the right, who still have the numbers. Accordingly, there will be no change to the Liberal leadership until the right accept the government is electorally doomed under Abbott, and that some policy purity will have to surrendered to maintain a fighting chance at the next election.While this subterranean battle escalates between the conservatives and the moderates in the Liberal party, the PM and his supporters will attempt to draw a line under recent events as nothing more than an ill-judged dummy-spit by a unrepresentative minority. However judging by the size of the anti-Abbott vote, and the PM’s track record in failing to live up to his word, the rebellion is far from over.How can the light that burned so brightly / Suddenly burn so pale? Side eyes. (with apologies to Art Garfunkel) pic.twitter.com/zfsJRJsTmmTake a bow, Bernard Keane, of Crikey. There were many bizarre elements in the bunker broadcast in the wake of kill spill, but the glance the prime minister threw off camera at the end was perhaps most unnerving of all.It wasn’t just the fiscal ineptitude, it was the utter administrative incompetence of members opposite. They spent $2.5bn putting pink batts into peoples’ roofs, that killed people and then they spent the money pulling them out. They spent more than $17bn on overpriced school halls. They promised to spend $43bn on a National Broadband Network that was going nowhere fast. Thanks to the stewardship of the member for Wentworth, the minister for communications, finally, the National Broadband Network is rolling out affordably, on budget and on a revised timetable. This is a government which is getting on with the job for which it was elected.The leader of the opposition says what about getting on with building the submarines? The leader of the opposition’s contribution to the submarine debate was to go out there and engage in cheap racist ranting against the people of Japan. Just like he engaged in cheap, xenophobic ranting against foreign workers with his ant 457 campaign when he was in government just a few years ago.I will say this, we are not going to take lessons in unity from a leader of the opposition who backstabbed two prime ministers. We have heard members opposite talking a lot about a vote of 61-39. That is better than Bill Shorten got when he last went before his party room.[Abbott] is superglued to that seat and you are going to have to blast him out. I admit our prime minister has a lot of energy. He runs around constantly biting his own tail but at least he knows how to fight for something member for Wentworth.Teensy bit of support for Turnbull from Pyne, who attempts to cut Shorten off at the pass.Pyne:The leader of the opposition appears to have taken the wrong speech from his office today. Perhaps they weren’t prepared for the outcome of this morning’s meeting. He clearly appears to be talking about the wrong member of the chamber and he should – you should draw him back to the motion which is about the prime minister.Ostensibly this is a move of no confidence in the prime minister, but the actual target here for Shorten is Malcolm Turnbull – the Liberal leader Labor absolutely does not want.Shorten:He won’t fight for the job, the member for Wentworth. He is prepared to injure his prime minister but he leaves his supporters hanging. This is not new in his political career. For two long excruciating decades, we were with the Hamlet of the Liberal party – to be Labor or to be Liberal, that is the question. Yes, in the end John Howard had a better chance of beating Kim Beazley so the ball of ambivalence chose the Liberals.Turnbull gestured that he was happy to take that question. Madam Speaker was not happy for him to take that question. Malcolm gets a Dorothy Dixer in any case. He can go to town on megabits.And Labor’s Jason Clare, as it turns out.Clare, interjecting:My point of order is relevance. The minister’s only being about 39% relevant and needs to be 100% relevant here.Turnbull, going to town.The [shadow] minister, like his leader, they get these zingers, they come in and it is like chewing tobacco and they roll it up against the top of their mouth, they roll it around their cheeks, the pupils dilate, there is a straining expression reminiscent to anyone who has had experience with young children, and then boom! Out it comes, a literary Exocet, aimed at the heart of your victim. How can I take the pressure from the shadow minister? He is almost as deadly as his master.The treasurer is speaking. Sadly, very few people seem to be listening.Shorten, to Malcolm Turnbull.Q: My question is to the minister for communications. Minister, why are you still on the frontbench?House speaker, Bronwyn Bishop.That question is not in order. I call the honourable member for Banks.Manager of opposition business Tony Burke.Under practice, a minister can be questioned on matters for which he or she is responsible or officially connected. If she not responsible for his own role on the frontbench, what is the point of question time at all?This is Abbott in response to a question about Queensland MP Teresa Gambaro’s critique in recent days about command and control. Bit wonky, this formulation. If it’s now time to get on with government, what has been happening for the last sixteen months?The good news is Julie Bishop is still allowed Dorothy Dixers despite being a central protagonist in Tony Abbott’s leadership drama. The bad news is we have to sit through a new Colombo Plan for the eight thousandth time.Shorten lobs the question that Abbott once lobbed to Julia Gillard that we flagged earlier on Politics Live. Given the backbench belting, where is your mandate Tony?It’s the election, stupid.Abbott:I can understand why the leader of the opposition doesn’t want to remember the election. It would be something he would rather forget, but this prime minister and this government did win an election – and that is the mandate that we are carrying out.The prime minister is now wading into Colleen McCullough. “Though plain of feature.” No, quite the opposite. Abbott as a teenager loved The Thorn Birds. A page-turner. I think Christopher Pyne might have just supressed the hiccups.Now the chamber is honouring Kep Enderby – former Labor politician, attorney general and judge.Abbott again:When Gough Whitlam, the prime minister, called [Enderby] to say he would be moved to a new portfolio as part of a reshuffle the next day, knowing he had only hours left in his treasured portfolio apparently the minister and his staff worked through the night, renaming 50 Canberra street names after left-wing poets, philosophers, revolutionary leaders from around the world.Looking back later in his life, [Uren] said his great regret was not that those – when those who were weaker than him needed his protection and strength; his great regret was he felt pride at that opportunity rather than humility.Tom Uren was a father figure to Labor’s Anthony Albanese. Naturally, Albanese has an emotional tribute.Like so many other young men and women of that time, [Uren] enlisted, went to Timor, was captured. He served in Timor, Singapore, the Burma railway and Japan as a prisoner of war of the Japanese. Those people who read Richard Flanagan’s extraordinary book would read it as I did and I just wonder how these men came through that process without being bitter about the world and their place in it.He was an extraordinary man. If he can be characterised by anything, it is his faith in humanity and in his fellow man. He came through that process with a love and used to speak about ... unusually for a man ... speak about his love for people – and it was genuine.He received love in spades in return.He was someone who, in the noise of politics and conflict and petty squabbles that go on, he soared above the political landscape in this building and out there in the community.Tom was the keeper of Labor’s conscience in often trying times. He was a moral centre. Tom was a fearless foe and a loyal friend.For me, the last words belonged to Tom Uren, from the final page of his memoir Straight Left: “In my years of living, giving and serving our human family is the most rewarding achievement. When you walk down the street, the beauty of peoples’ eyes and faces gives you so many rewards.”Our condolences to his friends, family and his loved ones. May he rest in peace.I first met Tom Uren at a Palm Sunday peace march in the mid-1980s. Once as a minister he was addressing an audience at Sydney University. He intervened to break up a fight between two students and the former boxer said “the only thing I fight for now is peace”.Tom Uren once reflected “I am a much gentler man than most people believe. There are two sides to me. I have got a gentle side and a harder side and as I have got older, I have got much gentler.This was his way of saying that he cared and felt for people but, nevertheless, he did always fight for principle. He was a warrior in this house but, above all else, in war and in peace, he was a warrior for a better Australia.This is going to be a government which socialises decisions before they are finalisedI missed his rather discordant phrase – just quickly back because we need it.Abbott:Fundamentally, this is going to be a government which socialises decisions before they are finalised. Later on this afternoon, I will be having a discussion with all of the backbench committee chairs, to take to them about the new approach which will be at least once every two months, a cabinet discussion with the backbench committee chairs at least every month – and there will be a discussion of the full ministry because I want to harness all the creativity, not just cabinet ministers’ creativity, not just public service creativity, I want to harness all of the creativity and insights that this part room has to offer.Q: Do you have a secret deal with Shinzo Abe for Japan to supply the hull or major parts of the submarine, because people within industry are wondering whether this is why, rather than talking about open tender, you are now talking about a competitive evaluation process which is quite different?Abbott:Well, there are no secret deals. Obviously we want to get the best possible submarines at the best possible price.There will be an international partner. When the Collins-class subs were built there was an international partner there. We are talking, not just to the Japanese, although we certainly are talking to them, we are talking to the French, we are talking to the Germans, that’s what you would expect.Peta will need to do betterQ: Your chief of staff has obviously been a centre of controversy. Has she at any stage offered to resign in the cause of unity – and will she be staying on and will her role, if she is staying on, be changed?Look, all of us have had to have a good, long hard look at ourselves over the last few weeks. I mean, obviously, yes, it’s been a difficult time for our country, but it’s been a particularly difficult time for the government, particularly with the, I suppose, nightmarish result that the LNP got in Queensland, so we have all had a good, long, hard look at ourselves – and all of us are resolved to be different and better in the future than we have been in the past and that’s true at every level.Me, my cabinet colleagues, my ministerial colleagues, my senior staff, we are all resolved to be and do better.I haven’t had a lengthy discussion with any of my colleagues since the vote, because, as you know, it’s been a very busy day in and around this building already. The point that I make to you and which I have been making to all of my colleagues over the last few weeks is that my door is open, my phone is there, I answer my phone, I listen to my messages, and I certainly want to build on the kind of dialogue that I have been having with my colleagues over recent weeks.I am determined to do better in these tests in the next few monthsWhat’s going to change?Abbott:Every day is a test for the government. And the prime minister and I accept that every day I’m being tested. That’s the way it is.I am determined to do better in these tests in the next few months than I have in the last couple of months, but I’m also very confident that this is a party room which believes in the marrow of its bones that we are a government that has good answers for the people of Australia.I have listened, I have learnt, and I have changed and the government will change with meFirst question is on the GP copayment. Abbott says it is important that the government maintain the support of the medical profession.It was a bold and ambitious budget last year. With the wisdom of hindsight it was perhaps too bold and too ambitious. We did, with the wisdom of hindsight, bite off more than we could chew, but I have listened, I have learnt, and I have changed and the government will change with me. We will not buy fights with the Senate that we can’t win, unless we are absolutely determined that they are the fights that we really, really do need to have.Tony Abbott addresses the mediaThe Prime Minister Tony Abbott at a press conference in Parliament House Canberra this afternoon, Monday 9th February 2015 Photograph: Mike Bowers/Guardian AustraliaTony Abbott:Obviously I accept that the last few weeks have been difficult weeks for the government. But there have also been difficult weeks for the Australian people, because the people expect and deserve a government which is getting on with the job. I am confident that have we have put this time behind us and I am confident that as of today, we are back at work for the people of Australia. I am confident that what we have shown the Australian people is that we have looked over the precipice and we have decided we are not going to go down the Labor party path of a damaged, misguided and dysfunctional government.PM needs to end the uncertainty for GPs & patients over #copayment II by taking the proposed rebate cut & indexation off the table #auspolSorry, that was a bit random, that reference.The Australian Medical Association is making it very clear that it wants the government to dump its budget policies and start over again. Why not? The prime minister is clearly open for business right now. Weak leadership. Get your bids in, folks. Particularly when there’s a big push on internally to dump the copayment.The prime minister has relocated his broadcast position from the bunker to the courtyard. Journalists have been invited to join him there at 1.30pm. That’s the perfect window – can’t have too many questions because question time beckons. Funny, I’ve been in that courtyard every year since 1996. Seen a lot of press conferences there. But for me, it will now always be the courtyard where Kevin Rudd cried in 2010.More Bowers genius. We’ve been chuckling periodically in our office this morning about the drive-by the Labor leadership team earlier this morning. You remember? Bill Shorten, Tanya Plibersek, Penny Wong and Stephen Conroy sauntered past the spill debate with their coffees. A few in this crowd have some king-making experience.Thank you, I am, of course interested in this reminder. Abbott asking Julia Gillard how she could continue as prime minister when one third of the colleagues had no confidence in her; Gillard giving Abbott full marks for audacity.Nice column on the New Daily post kill spill from former Rudd and Gillard adviser Sean Kelly.Malcolm Turnbull, the man who would be king, now faces an excruciating choice. He wants to be prime minister – has done for decades. Right now there is momentum going his way. It must be devilishly tempting to ride it to power. If he waits too long there is also a chance that another contender, perhaps more palatable to the right of his party, emerges. Now that Abbott is obviously weak, Julie Bishop or Scott Morrison might be persuaded to run. But Turnbull knows too that forcing matters may cost him votes, reminding his colleagues of the impulsive Malcolm of old.It’s not a clear-cut choice.I think this analysis is broadly right – the run against Abbott today needs to be viewed in the context that there are unhappy people around who could not, if push came to shove, bring themselves to vote for Malcolm Turnbull because he’s too progressive. They might shift for Julie Bishop or Scott Morrison. But those candidates have “shortcomings” too. Nothing simple. Nothing clear-cut.Some quick outtakes from commentators who are touchstones for Team Abbott.Dennis Shanahan, the Australian: Tony Abbott has bought some time but that’s all. While the leadership spill motion was defeated by 61 to 39 votes the size of the support for the motion is an almost fatal blow for the prime minister. It is also an almost fatal blow for the Liberal party.Andrew Bolt, Herald Sun: Tony Abbott survives the spill motion: 61 to 39. He won more votes than he feared but fewer than he’d like. All that damage caused by Malcolm Turnbull and others – for this? You would assume Abbott has been given a last chance of some months.The components of the morningThe prime minister Tony Abbott prepares to move a condolence motion on the siege in Martin Place in the House of Representatives on Monday morning. Photograph: Mike Bowers/GuardianI know it’s not lunchtime yet but there’s a moment here which I’ll take to post a summary. Because who knows when the next moment comes?The morning thus far, in two points:Tony Abbott is still standing as the Liberal leader, but the party room delivered a profound body blow, even though he was challenged by no one. Abbott supporter Eric Abetz acknowledged there had been a degree of chastisement when 39 MPs don’t want you to be the leader.The prime minister told the colleagues to give him time to turn the listing ship around. Whether they accept that plea or not depends on how restless the anti-Abbott forces are when they are forced to operate in daylight. Over to you Malcolm, Scott, Julie and others. It also depends on whether or not Abbott delivers on his undertakings to change.The Prime Minister Tony Abbott at a special Ecumenical Service before the start of the Parliamentary year this morning at Canberra Baptist church in Kingston, Monday 9th February 2015. Photograph: Mike Bowers/Guardian AustraliaLet us resolve to honour the memory of those lost to us on that December morning and those who survived by vowing not to change. Let us promise each other to always be a happy and confident people, a nation rejecting fear, rejecting fear, embracing diversity. A nation whose first instinct will always be optimism and compassion. Never suspicion nor prejudice.An Australia that is stronger because it stands together, united not defeated, today, tomorrow and always.These people were the victims of a deranged act of violence aimed at dividing our country. And it failed. It failed because Australians will never lose their faith in a peaceful, multicultural democracy. Australians will never surrender to hatred, to fear, to intolerance. We will never reward the perpetrators of evil by abandoning our common humanity.On that Monday evening, as night descended upon Martin Place, hundreds of thousands of Australians took to social media to do something quite extraordinary. Instead of venting messages of hate or succumbing to fear, under the hashtag #illridewithou, more than 150,000 people made a stand against prejudice. They rallied around the diversity which is at the core of our remarkable modern Australia.And the next morning when the siege had ended, Sydneysiders emerged to Martin Place bearing flowers, not hatred.The prime minister uses a chunk of the speech to amplify “Australian values”. There is a segue to Gallipoli, and he rounds out thus.In April, some in this chamber will travel to Gallipoli to pay tribute to the courage and resourcefulness and determination and sacrifice of our forebears a century ago. But today, we need not look so far or travel so far to see resilience, courage and decency. We look to the gallery and we see modern Australia.Greater love hath no man or woman than to lie down their life for their friend. We salute Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson. We salute everyone touched by the siege, touched by this atrocity and I commend the motion to the house.The best response to evil is good. The best response to terrorism is to live normal lives, because that shows that we might be threatened, but we will not be changed.The Martin Place siege, I regret to say, was inspired by a death cult. That death cult now rampant in much of Syria and Iraq, which is a travesty of religion and governance and which should never be dignified with the term Islamic State.The Martin Place siege was the act of terror that we hoped would never occur in this country. I want to assure the men and women in the gallery, I want to assure all Australians, that this government, as well as our state counterparts, are determined to learn from what happened at the Lindt cafe on that dreadful day.Statements to parliament on the Sydney siegeBack to the other business of the day. The prime minister is addressing the chamber about the tragic events in Martin Place. Families of the victims are looking on from the galleries.The Prime Minister Tony Abbott moves a condolence motion on the siege in Martin Place in the house of Representatives this morning, Monday 9th February 2015 Photograph: Mike Bowers/Guardian AustraliaAbbott:Madam Speaker, 15 December last year was a testing day for our country. It was a testing day for the police and for the security and emergency services. It was a testing day for the people of Sydney, witnessing an atrocity unfold in a cafe known to many Sydneysiders in the utterly familiar surrounds of Martin Place. Above all, it was a testing day for the men and the women held in the Lindt cafe and for their families.So Madam Speaker, today, we welcome to the chamber the men and women held in the Lindt cafe as well as the families of Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson. The thoughts and the prayers of 24 million Australians and many millions more around the world were with you on that terrible day. And I want to assure you, we are still with you.We are still with you as you come to terms with that horrific experience. Every day must be a struggle for the Johnson and the Dawson families. We grieve with you, and we hope that you draw strength and comfort from the support of the people of our country.Abbott has told colleagues: give me six monthsNo, I won’t sorry. My colleague Lenore Taylor has some intel I need to share quickly. Her calls indicate the prime minister has described these past few days as a near-death experience. According to her accounts – he’s put a precise timeframe on his leadership – he’s asked colleagues to give him six months to turn the ship around.The Liberal backbencher who cooked up the spill motion, Luke Simpkins, has just announced on Sky News that the government has dumped the GP copayment. That’s pretty big news, if true. A bit like the other backbencher who yesterday announced the competitive tender for the submarine purchase.Someone from the PMO must have texted the Sky hosts on air. The GP copayment has NOT been dumped. Mischief? Silliness?The broadcast from the bunker is underway now. Here it is, Tony Abbott, hunkered down in his office, broadcasting live.I know he’s doing this because the TV networks would have been howling for updated vision. But this is the true definition of shark-jumping really. As is the inference here that the party room doesn’t matter again. This would be the party room who just took out a chunk of his flesh.Tony Abbott:The Liberal party has dealt with the spill motion and now this matter is behind us. We are absolutely determined to work for you the people who elected us. We want to end the disunity and the uncertainty which destroyed two Labor governments and give you the good government that you deserve. We think that when you elect a government, when you elect a prime minister, you deserve to keep that government and that prime minister until you have a chance to change your mind.So the focus now is once more on jobs, families, a stronger economy and a secure nation. We do face many challenges. At heart, we are a highly successful country, justifiably proud of what we’ve achieved. In essence, we are a strong economy with so much creativity and dynamism and the challenge for government is to work with you, not against you. I love this country. I will do my best to help our country to succeed.Ah, no. The prime minister’s statement to the house is on the Martin Place siege. There is a broadcast from the bunker, then a press conference. On current indications. All things liable to change without notice.My colleague Lenore Taylor has just given me a quick read out on Abbott’s message to the party room. The pep talk went like this:The prime minister pleaded for colleagues to stop backgrounding the media. Abbott said he’d learned from past missteps. He was changing. There would be full cabinet meetings.He acknowledged the government was fighting on too many fronts. He said the party would be consulted on future policy shifts. He said there would be no revenge against people who had spoken out over the past few weeks.Julie Bishop told her colleagues: don’t let things fester. She said her door was always open.Thirty-nine of his colleagues have effectively voted no confidence in Tony Abbott’s leadership. He resorted to making apparent promises about major defence acquisitions to win votes in a party room ballot. His rallying call was not the confident cry, “I’m the man to lead us to glory at the next election”, but just the plaintive, “Please could you give me a bit more time?”Can Abbott’s win in the party room on Monday really be seen as a decisive victory, an endorsement, an end to the spectacle of a Liberal leader coming apart not due to the bastardry of colleagues but due to his own mismanagement of his party and his policy agenda?The service has ended. Organ music is wafting out the door of the church in Kingston. The prime minister drops his talking points on the steps on the way out. Tony Abbott would like to get on with the task of being the government we were elected to be.Julie Bishop has walked to her car, saying nothing.Deputy PM Julie Bishop leaves a special Ecumenical Service before the start of the Parliamentary year this morning at Canberra Baptist church in Kingston, Monday 9th February 2015. Photograph: Mike Bowers/Guardian AustraliaAs always, Mark Textor, strategist and Liberal party pollster is a good read in the Australian Financial Review for subscribers. He’s not picking winners, he’s sharing trends – examining the underlying causes behind volatility, explaining why there is a premium on stability and leadership.Here’s an excerpt.Since 2007, voters have been through the roller-coaster of their lives; seemingly constant leadership changes in federal and state politics, the GFC, massive structural changes in the economy with the loss of manufacturing jobs in the south and a fall in the fortunes of the resources industry in the north-east and west, shocking terror events and other social upheavals. Many want off the roller-coaster, if only for a time. Or, faced with the prospect of further forced rides in the future, they require more friendly, steadying partners to ride with them during and after. No more surprises is the key here. Honesty about where the loops, the twists and the drops will appear, and clarity on the length of each ride, is key. The alternative is a constantly bewildered electorate. Mystery ride after mystery ride.Lib MP Andrew Laming says he will support the motion to spill the leadership #libspill#auspolFellow Queenslander Wyatt Roy confirmed a similar intention when he arrived at Canberra airport last night.Camp Abbott is throwing around “ambush” this morning – this is an ambush against the prime minister that has been building since last December. Ambush is in the eye of the beholder of course, but it is certainly true that dissident backbenchers have been active since just before Christmas. The discontent was detectable in the last sitting weeks of last year. But these bursts of unhappiness can prove transient things. Not in this case.However this ends this morning, the government is in a divided head about how to proceed – and those divisions will not fade away quietly.For those of us inclined to catastrophising, Dennis Shanahan in the Australian this morning reasons that prime ministers aren’t meant to be loved.It looks bad. A prime minister in deep political trouble, beset by woeful polling, budget problems and internal dissent. Yet as Tony Abbott faces a crucial test of his leadership this morning, he should take heart; other prime ministers have been in similar — or even worse — positions, held on to the leadership and won subsequent elections. It remains a long way back for the prime minister but historical parallels suggest he can still survive and prosper.The man who is not yet officially a challenger, Malcolm Turnbull, has just arrived at parliament house.This nuts and bolts piece from my colleagues Daniel Hurst and Lenore Taylor is very helpful as we hurtle towards 9am. Here are some excerpts from that, including the essential fact: the magic number for the spill motion to succeed is 52 votes. Camp Abbott is professing confidence about the numbers, although the prime minister acknowledged on the ABC news last night that he might not prevail. We wait, we see.The process this morning:A roll call is likely to be taken and the motion will be proposed and seconded. The chief government whip, Philip Ruddock, says he views it as a procedural matter so there will not be formal speeches or debate. He reasons that MPs and senators have been talking to each other over the past few days anyway – “a very informed audience”. The idea is to proceed straight to a vote.The lack of written rules means the spill motion can be decided either by secret ballot or a show of hands, and it is up to the discretion of the leader. Abbott has agreed that a secret ballot is the appropriate course of action. When Malcolm Turnbull faced his showdown as opposition leader in 2009, he asked the former prime minister John Howard how it would be best to proceed. Howard said it was up to Turnbull and Turnbull opted for a secret ballot.Ballot papers will be distributed to the MPs and senators, who will write “yes” or “no” to the spill. The party whips will count the votes and advise the leader of the result.For the spill motion to succeed, it must win support from at least 52 of the 102 available votes in the Liberal party room. (National party MPs and senators will not attend the meeting and do not vote on the Liberal leadership; it is possible that one of the 102 Liberal members may miss the vote for personal reasons.)Good morning and welcome to our live coverage of yet another extraordinary day in Australian politics. Tony Abbott will face a party room debate on a motion to spill the leadership of the Liberal party at 9am this morning.As is our habit, Mike Bowers has pictured the scene going on downstairs. In our brick parliament, here is the prime minister’s chief of staff, Peta Credlin, giving final instructions to the candidate. “Be gracious. Be humble. Be the winner.”The spill motion will be voted on without delay. We don’t anticipate speeches. The vote will be a secret ballot, which will enable frontbenchers to exercise a conscience vote even though there has been an enormous effort to bind them behind the current leadership team. How long the process goes from there depends whether or not the spill is a success.Government MPs go into this morning’s spill vote consuming an absolute shocker of a Newspoll. As the Australian’s Phillip Hudsonreports, the two-party preferred figure is Coalition 43% and Labor 57% – the worst result since 2009.Abbott’s satisfaction figures are solidly in the avert-eyes territory. The poll indicates voters would prefer Malcolm Turnbull or Julie Bishop as prime minister. (As is often the case in polls, Turnbull is less popular with folks who identify as Coalition voters.) That noted, Turnbull leads as preferred leader over Abbott 64% to 25%. Bishop’s lead was 59% to 27%.That might focus the odd mind. But this is politics. Evidence doesn’t always come into the equation. Speaking of evidence, I will try very hard to follow my usual form on this blog: I’ll try and avoid speculation and report what I know when I know it. I’ll respect you enough to think you can wait a few minutes rather than me being first to get it wrong.The Politics Live comment thread is wide open for your business. Bowers and I can also be reached on the Twits @murpharoo@mpbowers