iTunes Editors’ NotesThe Grand Budapest Hotel—Wes Anderson’s delightful film adaptation of Viennese author Stefan Zweig’s century-old writings—often disguises its deeper intentions as a manic, color-saturated update of classic screwball comedies. Thus the insistent, oft-hypnotic rhythms that French composer (and frequent Anderson collaborator) Alexandre Desplat employs throughout the score greatly bolster the film’s energetic charms. But it’s Desplat’s penchant for smart understatement, wed to an ever-inventive sense of ethnic and textural inquisitiveness, that become the film’s most essential musical and emotional foils. Desplat’s musical palette may be spare here, but this soundtrack never lacks for verve; its contours are further shaped by a handful of folk-rooted pieces from European and Russian composers. The choral harmony of Öse Schuppel’s “S'Rothe-Zäuerli” instantly evokes Alpine musical trappings, which Desplat subsequently employs like paprika. An excerpt from German classical guitarist Siegfried Behrend’s “Concerto for Lute and Plucked Strings I Moderato” deftly anchors it all to some semblance of stately tradition.Customer ReviewsA wild and creative score for a phenomenal filmby NeoncloudffDesplat’s breadth of musicality never fails to impress. The themes here a transformed wonderfully, and the fun and goofy Wes Anderson style comes across even in the music. Wonderful job.GRAND SOUNTRACKby Waterlily2892I LOVE THIS SOUNDTRACK! Without it, who knows how different the movie would've been. I love Desplat's work, and this is yet another achievement. I like it better, if thats possible, than Moonrise Kingdom. Fantastic!Truly Magnificentby Mikage SoujiWonderful soundtrack. Really captures both the "old world"spirit of Central/Eastern Europe and the peculiar feel of Europe between the two world wars. It goes without saying, of course, that it also captures the spirit of the film and its characters, from the orderly dainty air of M. Gustave H. to the sinister and somewhat brooding tones of Dmitri Desgoffe-und-Taxis.It's a joy to listen to this soundtrack, truly always a delight and just as fun as watching the actual film.