Like Brian Williams, Hillary Clinton Lied About BosniaFirst Lady Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea greet soldiers at the "Alicia" U.S. Army Base near Tuzla, Bosnia-Herzegovina, on March 25, 1996. AP View Enlarged ImageLies: Investigative reporter Sharyl Attkisson reminds us the secretary of state who blamed Benghazi on a video once made up a story about courage under fire in Bosnia. Maybe Brian Williams can be her 2016 running mate.'Nothing in life," Winston Churchill once famously said, "is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result," except perhaps in the minds of network anchors like NBC's Brian Williams and political candidates such as Hillary Clinton, who also claimed a brush with death in a war zone on her resume. Perhaps they can swap war stories.Former CBS reporter Sharyl Attkisson reminded the world of Hillary's tale of heroism in an interview with CBS Philadelphia affiliate WPHT morning host Chris Stigall last November, a tale told by the former first lady in her 2008 run against one Barack Obama."I had come home from an overseas trip vacation, and my husband says, 'When you went to Bosnia 12 years ago with the first lady, were you shot at?,' and I'm like, 'No, I think I would know if I were shot at,'" Attkisson told Stigall of the 1996 trip to Bosnia with Hillary, first daughter Chelsea and celebrities Sinbad and Sheryl Crow.Candidate Clinton claimed in a 2008 speech in Washington and several subsequent interviews that she and Chelsea were forced to run for cover under hostile fire shortly after landing in Tuzla, Bosnia."I remember landing under sniper fire," Clinton said. "There was supposed to be some kind of greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base."Her harrowing tale never happened, and Mrs. Clinton's faulty memory also forgot that there was a reporter on the trip who was taking notes and had a video of the event."The video showed," Attkisson said, "and I thought this was a pretty good way to explain it — I put her in a box saying, 'We got off the plane and had to duck and run for cover and there was sniper fire' and then I show the video of what was really happening, and she's getting off the plane and she's waving, shaking hands with a little school girl."In a way, Hillary recanted her tale, saying she had a "different memory" of the event, something akin to Brian Williams claiming that the "fog of memory" had clouded his recollection. Perhaps he should have taken notes like a good reporter like Sharyl Attkisson.See AlsoCHAPEL HILL, N.C. — We are all obsessed with our brands these days, and no one more so than states competing fiercely for jobs and businesses. Some of them are quickly learning that being seen as anti-gay is dangerous to their images. As controversy engulfed Indiana over its religious liberty ...A national firestorm has erupted over an Indiana law that, in all essentials, mirrors the legal standard protecting religious liberty in all federal courts and 31 state courts. Why the furor? The answer, unfortunately, is the culture war — and, contrary to media portrayals, conservatives ...A significant religious divide has opened up in the country. IBD/TIPP polls taken in March and April show that Christians — including both Protestants and Catholics — strongly oppose President Obama on almost every issue, from his economic policies, to his attempts at a deal with Iran, ...Market Solution: California is so dry that Gov. Jerry Brown has instituted water-use restrictions for the first time in the state's history. The problem, though, is not a shortage of water. It's a shortage of thinking.The Parched State — once known as the Golden State — is so dry that ...Americans usually associate mid-April with tax filing — a trying yet predictable annual ritual. This year, however, it will mean a change in America's workplaces that will threaten workers' freedom of association and privacy, while hampering employers' abilities to respond to union organizing ...Select market data is provided by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services. Price and Volume data is delayed 20 minutes unless otherwise noted, is believed accurate but is not warranted or guaranteed by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services and is subject to Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services terms. All times are Eastern United States. *Reflects real-time index prices.