WarpedDueling Devils M.C.Written by Shyla ColtImprisoned in the sex industry her entire life, Taffy’s offered a fresh start among the Dueling Devils. She takes the chance and christens herself, Symone. Struggling find her way in a new life full of independence, she gains the attention of a massively built biker with a tragic past.Scarred by the fire that took his parents, Monster understands the pain and humiliation that comes from being different. The minute he lays eyes on Symone, he recognizes a kindred spirit. Brought back from his monotonous half-life, he’d been living. Intent on claiming the skittish beauty for his own, he commits to showing her what it means to be loved by a man.An excerpt fromWarpedShe inclined her head. “I think I’m ready to accept everything you have to offer me today.”“Be careful, babe. I could offer a lot.” He removed his wallet, tossed a few bills on the table and stood. “Come on, let’s take another ride.” He placed a hand on the small of her back and gave her a swift once-over. In jeans that hugged her like the lover her wanted to be and a form fitting black t-shirt, she was slaying him. His jeans grew tighter and his body temperature spiked. He welcomed the wind and the distraction that came with the trip across town.He pulled up in front of the white three-tiered building with glass railings. Slick and modern, it’d been a home most people dreamed of having. They’d bought out the other residents with club money and used it as a place for people to crash when they needed. He cut the engine and removed his helmet.“Is this your place?”“My brother and I own it. We bought it after the fire with the insurance money. It’s easy to become an emancipated minor when your P leans on the local judge.”“Do you stay here?” she asked.“No, mostly I stay at the club. It’s just easier.” He shrugged.“But you brought me here now.”He could practically see the apprehension building up inside her.“Because you deserve better than some subpar bedroom tucked away among the chaos that comes with DD.”She crossed her arms and leaned back. “What are you expecting from me, Monster?”“Whatever you’re willing to give and no more.” He ran his thumb across her petal-soft lips. “I want to make you feel good, babe. Show you how it’s supposed to be when a man is worshipping your body and living to see you take your pleasure.”I’m losing her.Her eyes grew shuttered and her face lost its softness.Fuck that.He snapped the chinstrap and open removed her helmet. He buried his fingers in her hair and held her in place as he attacked her lips, nibbling, licking, and willing her to feel the fire between them. He slipped his tongue inside her mouth and explored every inch he could.Her body went limp. She leaned heavily on him and whimpered.Got you.Not about to lose her, he lifted her up, pinning her against his body. He continued to kiss her senseless as he backed away from the bike and strode to the condo. He lifted her higher and she wrapped her legs around his hips. They broke apart for air, panting.“Damn you, Monster.” Her voice quavered.“I’ve been a damned long time, babe. You want to be more specific.”“You make me want things.”“Good, because they’re yours to take.”Her eyes grew glossy. “Are they?”“I could show you better than I could ever try to tell you. We both know words are for shit. I just need you to give me an opening, babe. I’ll do all the work.”A heartbeat passed.“Only for today?”“If that’s what you want.”“I want that.”The certainty in her voice made him smile.“Then that’s what you’ll get.” He supported her round ass with his forearm as he reached around her to enter the code into the touchpad. The buzzer sounded and the lock clicked. He pulled open the door and strode to his front door. Once inside, he pressed her back against the front door and lowered his lips to hers.Symone leaned back and nipped his bottom lip.He growled at her slight display of dominance.Her muscles tensed. “You don’t like that?” she whispered.Her wide-eyed expression pained him. “I love any marking you want to place on me, babe.”“You do?”“This ownership thing works both ways. You’re mine, but I’m yours. I need you to understand. You have the power here. If you’re not happy, I can’t be.”“Why?”“I told you. For me you’re everything.”“How is that possible?”“From the minute I laid eyes on you, I knew you were my chance for happiness. Real happiness, not a settle for bullshit, but real joy. You’re precious as fuck to me. You think I go around spilling my guts like a bucket that cant’ hold water to everyone? Fuck no. But for you, for a chance at this, I will put myself out there.”“And what if I can’t live up to this image of perfection you’ve built up? I’m not a woman to be placed on the pedestal, believe me.”“Bullshit. That’s not you talking. That’s whoever fucked up your head space. All you have to do is let me in and hold on to this with me. I can’t do it alone. Put just a little faith in me and I will show you this is what’s right for both of us.”“Why?” She shoved at his chest. “Why is this right for me?”He set her down and took a half a step backward.“You want some real live sex doll? Is that what you want?”“No. I want the women hidden behind those walls and a shitty past. I know hurt. It sours you and makes you defensive. You think all you have is you and trusting anyone could be your downfall. You need me, because I won’t let you push me away or disparage yourself. I see what you can’t.”She paused in front of the door, shaking her head.“You know I’m right. That’s why you haven’t taken my head off. There’s a warrior inside you. I want to hear her battle cry and be on the end of her aggression in the bed. You were made to match me, Symone. Shit in this life doesn’t happen for no reason.”She stopped and stared him down with eyes flashing like lighting. “You have it all figured out, don’t you?” She stalked toward him like a lioness.Monster froze and his dick turned to granite.“Always so sure and commanding.” She shook her head.“I’m not sure. I’m hopeful and hanging on to the best thing I’ve had since I was a boy. I’m just as fucked up in the head and full of doubt.” He thumped his chest. “Look at my fucking face! It’s disgusting, and that’s the tip of the iceberg.” He gripped the bottom of his t-shirt, yanked it over his head, and tossed it behind him.Her eyes became the size of quarters, but she didn’t turn away or show disgust.His heart pounded in his chest as he waited to see if she could handle it.Shy like, Symone stepped forward and ran a hand over his raised flesh.His muscles twitched and he steeled himself for her response. Right now, she held what was left of his heart in her hands. His bravado had come to an end. He needed to know if progression was possible before he got any deeper.Please, say something.“You think this bothers me?”“I don’t know.” His voice shook.She gazed up at him and smiled softly. “No, this is a sign of bravery. A time when a boy who was…?”“Thirteen,” he said.“Thirteen…played the part of a hero. I know the prettiest people can be the ugliest inside. I don’t want to trust you because if this falls through and you aren’t everything you appear to be, it would kill me.”Her words were a blow to the chest that knocked him on his ass mentally. “It would kill you, if I let you down? You think that much of me?”“Who’s the one hiding? All this time, you’ve come on like a freight train with no hesitation and you’re just as scared as me underneath, aren’t you?” She rose on her tiptoes and cupped his face. “My black knight, placing me first in a way no one has ever done. I don’t know what to think of you.” She removed her hand from his face.Instantly, his soul protested the lack of connection.“I can tell, you this though…” She stepped closer and pressed her lips to his overly sensitive flesh.The sight and feel of her beautiful lips on his warped flesh made him want to scream and hold her close at the same time.“This is nothing.” She traced a path the fire had ravaged with the tip of her tongue.With this small and tender gesture, she gained his loyalty forever. His lids lowered and he basked in the unflagging acceptance. The feel of her breath blowing against the area she’d moistened made him shiver.“This is a side-effect of your past that, in my mind, labels you the hero I didn’t think existed, not for me. We’re both a little broken and wary, but I do want to traverse this rocky road with you, if you’ll put up with the start and stop, the wariness, and paranoia. It’s those things that kept me alive. I can’t simply abandon them.”“I’m not asking you to.”“I know.” She lowered herself to her knees.His jaw dropped. Is she doing what I think she is?“You’ve bent over backward for me over the past month. Even before we started this dance. I want to do something for you.” She cupped the bulge in his jeans and he groaned. She unbuckled his pants and held his gaze. “If this is a two-way street, I think it’s time I give a little back.”He swallowed. “Y-you don’t have to—”“Oh, I want to. I want to see if you live up to the name Monster.” She slid down his zipper and plucked him from his boxer briefs.He twitched in her hand. The sight of his pale cock against her honey-brown skin had him leaking from his tip.“Oh, you are excited, aren’t you?” She swiped his slit with her thumb, gathered his cream and sucked it into her mouth.“Oh, shit,” he hissed.Here's whatFans are sayingI had read the first book in this series and I liked it. I purchased this one not having read the second or third books and I was glad to know that I could read it without the having read the previous ones.I want a "Monster" of my own. His alpha maleness was awesome but Symone could turn him into a teddy bear was cute. Every woman should have a man like that in her life. The inner struggles of both the hero and heroine gave life to the story. Great book!Been a huge Fan of Shyla Colt's stuff since the beginning with Don't Fear the Reaper. But each book shows how far she's really come. This one is so emotionally intense my heart felt like it was being tugged at the whole time. (In a good way!)I really love how she isn't afraid to shaw flawed heros and heroines. But not just emotionally, but physically as well and it's not just a throw away but she really goes deep into the psychology the characters would feel with their flaws. It makes for such great reads! Another great one Ms. Colt!Author BioShyla ColtShyla Colt grew up in Cincinnati, Ohio, but has lived a variety of different places thanks to her wanderlust, interesting careers, and marriage to a United States Marine. She's always loved books and wrote her very first novel at the age of fifteen. She keeps a copy of her first submission letter on her desk for inspiration.After a lifetime of traveling, she settled down and knew her time had come to write. Diving into her new career like she does everything else, with enthusiasm, research and a lot of prayers, she had her first book published in June of 2011. As a full-time writer, stay at home mother, and wife, there's never a dull moment in her household.She weaves her tales in spare moments and the evenings with a cup of coffee or tea at her side and the characters in her head for company. A self-professed rebel with a pen. Her goal is to diversify romance as she continues to genre hop, and offer up strong female characters.