Liability:First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only. Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use.Are you looking for bad credit mortgage home loans with no down payment? Is there really such an option for you to buy your dream home with zero down payment, and a good affordable interest rate?After all, you might have a certain house you have chosen to buy, but you may not easily afford to pay the 10% down payment that most types of mortgage loans require you to pay.So naturally, finding a home loan that provides you with the entire amount upfront in cash seems like the best option. There is just one simple problem: Getting approved for such a loan with zero upfront payments is not so easy.How to Find the Best Mortgage Loan Rates for Poor Credit?If you have done some research around about this question, you may have noticed that most government or private banks give a negative answer. Especially when someone had a bad credit history, which affects your chances of getting approved for a loan even further.Especially in today's economy, more and more banks are being cautious about doing background checks and looking at your credit history in details, before choosing to offer you a home loan with zero down payments and affordable interest rates.So what can you do?The first step is simple. Let's face the fact that finding a loan on a bad credit, requires you to be more flexible with your options. For example you may be able to find a bank to offer you a mortgage loan with no down payment. But instead, the monthly interest rates for your future payments are naturally higher.The other option is choosing a mortgage plan that needs a small down payment at first, but instead lets you enjoy a lower interest rate in the long term. This is a wise choice in most cases, since it helps you save the most money over the years.How to Look for Other Better Types of Home LoansAnother option you have when it comes to choosing the most feasible type of mortgage loan, is refinancing your loan later on. Because since your credit history may not be at its ideal state right now, you can only receive loans with a higher interest rate.One solution to help with that, is to receive the best offer you can at the current time, and later on apply for a mortgage refinancing plan from the same bank or another financial institution.Refinancing your home loan helps you negotiate for lower rates after your credit score has improved over time.No Implied Endorsement:First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company.No Warranty:Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites.