for those who don’t identify with their sun signs (their “zodiacs” or “star signs”)I’ll help you finding out your dominant signs, planets, elements & houses, so you know where to look to when reading astrology blogs/posts. I can’t do this for everyone as it takes a while to analyze the charts. ps- these are not astrology readings, I’ll just try to make sense out of your chart, see which sign you truly are…to guide you, if that makes sense.We should aspire to irradiate light like an Aries but spread understanding like a Libra; Learn to preserve what we love like a Taurus & cherish it like only Scorpios can.. With the right words of an eloquent Gemini, we could express the bright, fascinating ideas of a Sagittarius.. And we should protect & nourish like Cancers, yet achieve and endure like Capricorns.. Love fiercely like a Leo does while connecting with the whole world like only Aquarius can. Then, in the end, think logically & purposefully like a Virgo so that we can intuitively create art just like a Pisces..Guess I really have a streak for loving what’s irreversibly toxicSo I’m constantly drowning myself in pure reasoning & logic,I’m perfectly aware of the dangers and yet I’m still so chaoticI know how to live with this but they keep saying I’m psychotic,Though who are they to judge and say my life is catastrophic?As long as I’m able to cope by writing these things so melodic.Then if I say I don’t care well that’s just cause I must be demonicbut I’m the only one who’s trying to understand, look how ironici’m dedicating this poem to all my Aqua followers out there. I don’t know why, but I think it gives off an Uranus vibe.Anonymous asked: I know this isn't an idea or something but I just wanted to tell you thank you. Thank you for doing so much for all of us, working on all the posts and doing researches and answering the questions we ask and take requests. I appreciate this so much and I'm sure hundreds of others as well! Thank you.aww i dont even know what to say?? thats so sweet of you <3 this just made my day.Anonymous asked: I am sorry. But I don't agree with your gemini descriptions. No criticism. Just maybe you need to look and learn a bit more. :)i know you’re trying to be nice (thank you!), but have you checked your moon/rising? not even talking about your dominants here, just those 2 placements.. because my Gem descriptions are based on the Gem archetype and if you don’t relate that’s because your dominant is certainly not Gemini.. thats just your Sun sign (can never say this enough haha)