SoundCloud TracksNow Accepting Submissions For:Coast 2 Coast LIVE | Video Showcase 3/16/15Submission Deadline: 3/16/2015 3:00:00 PMSubmit your video for the world's only interactive online video showcase powered by Google+ Hangouts and YouTube! Upload a YouTube video using the form below for the online video showcase of your choice. Every contest has a huge prize package to help boost your career! Your video will be shown LIVE during our showcase in front of our celebrity judge panel and judged based on Marketability, Quality, and other factors. The winning artist will be selected based on judge scores and win the prize package listed.Create Your AccountFacebook ConnectedConnect with FacebookArtist Name:(as appears on Website)Artist Email:Contact Phone:Video Url (YouTube):(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yourid)Video Title: (as appears on Website)Artist Twitter: @(to be mentioned in tweets)I agree to the Rules and Conditions for Coast 2 Coast Submissions.Coast 2 Coast LIVE Mailing List Opt-InRules and Conditions Coast 2 Coast LIVE Online Video ShowcaseAll video submissions will be screened by the Management Team of Coast 2 Coast LIVE and considered for the selected eventArtists will be responsible for applicable performance fee if selected.All submissions receive placement on the Video page for voting by the public, votes will be considered in the selection processAll artists receive a login and profile on the Coast 2 Coast LIVE pageAll decisions on showcase selections will be solely subject to Coast 2 Coast LIVE and our employees and managers.Submission Policy1. By submitting content to us, you consent and agree to be bound by each and every term and condition outlined herein.2. By submitting content to us, you represent and warrant that you possess or legally control all rights in and to the submission, including, but not limited to, copyrights in the sound recording, the performances and musical compositions embodied thereon, and any other selections, materials, ideas, and intellectual property contained therein, and that your submission of such, and any authorized use thereof by us or our grantees, licensees, or assigns, will not violate or infringe upon the common law or statutory right of any individual or entity, including, but not limited to, contractual rights, copyrights, trademarks, and rights of privacy and publicity.3. You will retain ownership of your submission, but in submitting, you grant Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, worldwide right and license to use, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, synchronize with visual images, reformat, translate, excerpt, transmit, distribute, and prepare derivative works thereof, in any media or format now known or hereafter developed, the content submitted for promotional purposes in connection with our site and official Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes.4. In submitting, you also grant Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, worldwide right and license to use your name, likeness, and biographic information, as well as any related trademarks, provided by you in connection with your submission for promotional purposes related to our site and official Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes.5. You acknowledge and agree that you have granted each and every right and license described above to Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) for the good and valuable consideration of having your submission considered for inclusion on an official Coast 2 Coast Mixtape, having your submission made available for voting through the channels described in the Submission Procedures above, and the opportunity to create an artist profile on our site. You acknowledge and agree that you are not entitled to any additional compensation, monetary or otherwise, from Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) and our grantees, licensees, and assigns, in exchange for the grant of rights herein.6. You acknowledge and agree that Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) has the sole and absolute discretion to select submissions for inclusion on any and all official Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes and that there is no guarantee that your submission will be included on an official Coast 2 Coast Mixtape.7. Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) reserves the right to remove submissions and or disable artist profiles in its discretion at any time, including, but not limited to, any submission or profile which contains obscene or defamatory content, infringes upon the right of a third party, contains any form of child exploitation, or is otherwise in violation of any applicable law or regulation.8. You acknowledge and agree that neither our acceptance of any submission nor our inclusion of a submission on an official Coast 2 Coast Mixtape shall constitute a waiver of any of your representations, warranties, or agreements hereunder, and you agree to indemnify Lil Fats, Inc. (d/b/a Coast 2 Coast Mixtapes & Magazine) and hold us harmless against any damages, costs, and fees, including attorneys’ fees, which we incur in any claim, suit, litigation, or proceeding arising out of any breach or claimed breach by you of any covenant, warranty, or representation made by you herein.