Sally Ride Might Be The First LGBT Woman To Have A Statue In The CapitolA California state senator has introduced a measure proposing that a statue of astronaut Sally Ride be placed in the U.S. Capitol’s National Statuary Hall.Change the conversation, change the world Share thisIf approved, she would be the first known LGBT woman represented in the hall, as well as the first woman to represent California.National Statuary HallRide was the first American woman and youngest astronaut to fly in space. After leaving NASA, she dedicated her life to teaching science to young girls, founding Sally Ride Science with her partner, Tam O’Shaughnessy.“Dr. Sally Ride is a California native, American hero and stratospheric trailblazer who devoted her life to pushing the limits of space and inspiring young girls to succeed in math and science careers,” Sen. Ricardo Lara (D-Bell Gardens), who introduced the measure, said in a statement. “She is the embodiment of the American dream whose accomplishments and life work will encourage future generations to reach for the stars and celebrate diversity and inclusivity. I am proud to introduce SJR 4 to memorialize Dr. Ride as one of California’s two representatives in our nation’s Statuary Hall.”After Ride died in 2012 of pancreatic cancer, O’Shaughnessy wrote in Ride’s obituary that the two had been in a relationship for 27 years, leading many in the LGBT community to view Ride as an inspiration."Sally would be very honored to represent her home state of California in the National Statuary Hall Collection,” O'Shaughnessy said in a statement. “She believed that diverse role models are important in all areas, but especially in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM), to inspire young girls and boys and to give them a sense of belonging in STEM. Having a statue of Sally on display in our nation's capital would send a wonderful message of inspiration and equality to the world."The Ride statue would replace a statue of Father Junipero Serra, a Spanish friar who was a “brutal colonizer” in California.