…sharing my recipe box & a little everyday lifeThese Mini Phyllo Cups with Coconut Cream, Raspberries, and Dark Chocolate offer a beautiful sweet bite for any occasion.We just bid farewell to March, Easter is peeking from around the corner, and spring is begging to be let loose from its cold temperature confines. My mind is slowly drifting away from a desire to eat an all-out comfort food menu, to one of lighter fare. I’m thinking about grilling outdoors, plucking ultra tender and delicious greens from our garden, and pouring lemonade into tall glasses filled with ice. Yes, I’m in a spring and summer state of mind (waiting patiently for the temps to rise so I can actually break out the flip-flops).If you’re looking for a pretty and super tasty way to add a little sweetness to this weekend’s Easter celebration, or any gathering coming up this spring and summer, then I have just the recipe for you. These Mini Phyllo Cups with Coconut Cream, Raspberries, and Dark Chocolate offer dessert in miniature-sized portions, beautiful little bites for any occasion.Leftover ham? This simple Herby Ham Salad is creamy, tangy, and utterly delicious. Did you grow up on ham salad? I don’t remember my mom making it, but my aunt Mary Jane did. It was a sandwich spread I could count on at each of my cousin’s graduation parties....These Coconut Cupcakes with Fluffy Coconut Buttercream are every bit as wonderful as you can imagine! I think a big ol’ bowl of freshly whipped buttercream is one of the most awesome creations to come out of the kitchen. Can I get an Amen?! If the thought of...These Grilled Charmoula Pork Kebabs with Yogurt Mint Sauce are packed with flavor, a perfect family meal from the grill. Remember that fresh cauliflower salad I shared with you a couple weeks ago, the one with the North African charmoula dressing? Well I just can’t get enough of...These Make-Ahead Cheesy Hash Brown Cups with Bacon and Chives will be the star of your next brunch gathering! Who doesn’t love that cheesy sour cream hash brown casserole that shows up time after time at family gatherings and potlucks? It seems that this same basic recipe has been around...These Jalapeno Corn Cakes with Honey Whipped Goat Cheese and Bacon make an amazing appetizer! I think that the most fabulous dishes are born from a combination of contrasting flavors and textures. But they have to also compliment each other. In order for the contrast to work, they each have...With chocolate and chopped pecans folded into the batter, these German Chocolate Macaroons are sweet mounds of coconut perfection. These German Chocolate Macaroons are for Dad. Each year, Mom bakes him a German chocolate cake for his birthday, slathered with that awesome sticky coconut-pecan frosting. And each March since...