See AlsoChinese President Xi Jinping is engaged in a crackdown on corruption in China. He has just made his first move against a major Chinese bank.Over the past 72 hours, the youngest bank CEO in the country has stepped down, become embroiled in the government's wide-reaching corruption crackdown, and seen his company's stock tumble more than 10% on Hong Kong's stock exchange.Mao Xiaofeng was the CEO of China Minsheng Bank, a $300 billion company that touts its place as China's first privately controlled bank. At 42, he was a party secretary in China's ruling Communist Party with ties to former President Hu Jintao.Therein, some say, laid the problem.On Saturday, Mao stepped down from his post. Through the state-media organization Xinhua, the bank released a statement acknowledging Mao's absence and distancing the bank from his disappearance."China Minsheng Bank has noticed media reports concerning president Mao Xiaofeng. As far as the bank knows, the matter is of a personal nature and is unrelated to bank operations," the statement said.Later, Chinese financial-news outlet Caixin reported that Mao had been cooperating with a corruption investigation into former Hu aid Ling Jihua. Ling is allegedly a ringleader of what anticorruption officials are calling the "Shanxi Gang," a faction of super-corrupt politicians from that northern province.The state had "taken" Mao, the paper reported, sometime around Jan. 27. That's when Mao stopped responding to communications from journalists.There are a few things to unpack here. What does this mean for Xi's all-encompassing corruption scandal? What does this mean for Minsheng? And what does this mean for Wall Street China?REUTERS/Jason Lee China's President Xi Jinping is pictured during a welcoming ceremony at the Great Hall of the People, in Beijing, Nov. 13, 2013.First, let's tackle the corruption scandal. Mao is being accused of giving fake jobs at Minsheng to the wives of two disgraced, under-investigation party leaders. One is Ling Jihua's wife; the other is the wife of Su Rong, a former deputy chairman of the national political advisory body. Both men had ties to Hu Jintao.And that is interesting. Anbang is the company that bought the Waldorf Astoria from Hilton. It's been growing like a weed, acquiring assets from the US to Belgium. Founded in 2004 by seven companies — including two massive state-owned firms, Shanghai Automotive Industry Group Corp and Sinopec — it recently denied a report that it is also owned by powerful Communist Party princeling Chen Xiaolu.Chen said he did not, contrary to reports, own over 50% of Anbang through three private companies of his own. He is the son of Chen Yi, a general who helped to found modern China.Make of that what you will, but it seems there are clear winners and losers here. Analysts told Bloomberg that Anbang may consider Minsheng's current price slump a buying opportunity.What is certain, according Minnie Chan and George Chen of The South China Morning Post, is that more arrests are coming for Wall Street China. It's a lot like what happened to China's oil sector last year, when high-level officials were carted off for a dizzying list of transgressions — fulfilling President Xi's promise that he would go after "powerful tigers" as well as "lowly flies."