Get Sniper Targeted Precision with Facebook Custom AudiencesI’ve made no secret of the fact that I personally feel Facebook’s ad platform is one of most laser targeted and cost effective ways to advertise on social media that has ever existed. Advertising through Facebook is more of a game changer than the release of Google AdWords back in early 2000. I’ve previously explored options such as dark posting, (the ability to post ads without them appearing on your timeline) but another really cool and underused feature, which could dramatically add value to your marketing activities, is the custom audience’s feature. The custom audiences tool takes targeting your audience to the next level – giving you ultimate control over who sees your ads.What are Custom Audiences?The Custom Audiences feature, as the name suggests, allows you to create your own audiences for your ad targeting. You can use pre-existing lists, made up of individuals who have signed up to your newsletters, any marketing list that you have compiled, your exported LinkedIn contacts, or you can even assign the hard work to Facebook and mine information from your website or mobile app. Basically, any list you create, which includes email addresses or phone numbers, can be used to create a Custom Audience. The great thing about this is that you can decide exactly who sees your adverts.Targeting users based on their demographic information or their interests can be a fantastic way to net yourself new customers, but what about those customers who fall outside of these categories, but what about those customers who are already interested in you or your product? What if you could target individuals who have visited your website, but failed to buy? What if you could target those people who have already bought from you – and turn them into repeat customers? Or, what if you want to target only new customers with an offer/deal exclusive to them? Now you can, with this awesome feature.How to create Custom Audiences using Facebook Power Editor1. Open Power Editor and select ‘Manage Ads’ from the menu on the left hand side. Then, select ‘Audiences’.3. Selecting this option will bring up a dialog box with various options. Select the option which is most appropriate to the kind of ad you will be creating. You can choose to upload your own csv. file, import from MailChimp, create an audience from your mobile app data or from your website.Depending on which option you choose, Facebook will walk you through the set up options. If you choose to create a list from your website, you have the option to define specific keywords and pages which you would like Facebook to mine data from. If you use your own custom list, create a .csv file of at least 100 contacts, including either; email address, Facebook UIDs, phone numbers, app user IDs, Apple's Advertising Identifier (IDFA), or Android's advertising ID.Get creative with Custom AudiencesUsing Custom Audiences also means there are many more opportunities that you can explore, aside from just advertising purposes alone. The ability to create your own targeted lists and upload them means that you can go way beyond just advertising alone.Target influencers to promote your contentIf you’re looking to gain some traction with a piece of content, promoting it to influencers can be a useful step in the right direction. If you’re connected with influencers on LinkedIn, or you have an email list complied yourself, create a Custom Audience using this data and craft ads specifically for this purpose.Create a custom recruitment list for growing your teamCustom Audiences can also be extremely useful for recruitment. Whilst you may find good candidates using Facebook’s targeting methods, if you’re looking to hit specific individuals, you need to create a Custom Audience. One method you could use to create this list is by utilising your LinkedIn profile to seek out and connect with ideal prospects. You can then export the email addresses of those you’ve connected with and use Custom Audiences to target your messages to only these people.Leverage your strategic marketing efforts with Custom AudiencesThe philosophy and methodology we employ at Ph. involves categorising prospects based on their position within the marketing funnel, using our See, Think, Do, Delight funnel. This sales funnel allows us to strategically target individuals with relevant content but also with context in terms of their precise wants and needs at any given moment in time.For example, using Custom Audiences you can effectively, and with ultra-precision, target users with ads tailored to them. So, an individual who is currently at the ‘think’ stage in the funnel could see a different (and ultimately more relevant ad) than an individual at the ‘delight’ stage. Therefore, if you’re marketing a 20% discount offer, an individual who is at the ‘see’ stage may be targeted with an offer for new customers, whereas an individual at the ‘delight’ stage be targeted with an offer for returning/loyal customers.SEEObjective: awareness.‘See’ content consists of keywords, language and content that is designed to attract new, uninitiated ‘strangers’ at the start of the buying journey.THINKObjective: to position your business as a potential solution to your customers challenge or problem.‘Think’ content consists of keywords, language and content that is designed to provide material surrounding your brand and the specific initial needs of your audience. This content adds value to the process by connecting the benefits of your offer with the intrinsic needs of the audience.DOObjective: to facilitate a transaction of either contact details, insight into individual needs and/or unit sales.‘Do’ content consists of keywords, language and content that is designed to convince a relatively qualified audience to take some form of action. This might not be moving in for an immediate sale, but it could be a download, a request for a call or more information.DELIGHTObjective: to maximize the life cycle of your customers and provide opportunities to refer more business.‘Delight’ content consists of keywords, language and content that is designed to add value for existing customers or known prospects (through building trust, empathy and loyalty) in order to retain them and provide ongoing opportunities.In the world of marketing, quite often we place a lot of focus on gaining new customers and accelerating their position within the buying cycle, but retaining customers (and turning them into repeat customers) is extremely beneficial to any business. If you can create a database of loyal, repeat customers, who are interested in your product/service, they are more likely to become ambassadors for your brand – spreading your messages socially and through word of mouth. It’s a well-known fact that individuals are more likely to trust a word of mouth recommendation over any form of advertising – so using Custom Audiences to turn your current customers into repeat customers is a no-brainer.If you’ve got any ideas for other creative uses for CA, let us know in the comments below! Or, if you have a question about using CA, tweet us using #AskPh or @phcreative.