I found this article from last year quite interesting and aprapos. Worthy of sharingOctober 5, 2014David Cameron in his speech to the UN in September described how ordinary members of the public who look at alternative news and conspiracy websites will be treated in exactly the same way as ISIS. Killed by the SAS!So how do you turn ordinary people of your own country into a serious terrorist threat “hellbent on the destruction of democracy”. It's easy and yes the global manipulators have done it before, fact!Remember CND? (Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament) During the nineteen eighties the Governments were so concerned about the affect CND were having on the general population regarding nuclear weapons disarmament that the Governments decided that something had to be done to change public opinion. They needed to create the perception that CND was a violent terrorist organisation, stop the protests and to stop middle class people from joining CND and this is how they did it.What is CND? If you go to the website this how CND describes itself. "CND campaigns non-violently to rid the world of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and to create genuine security for future generations. CND opposes all nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction: their development, manufacture, testing, deployment and use or threatened use by any country." CND put on protests and attempts to lobby government on CND issues. So SIS (Secret Intelligence Service) decided that in order to achieve its aims it needed to demonstrate exactly what happens when peaceful protests go bad. The problem is that unless you manipulate the situation, peaceful protests don't go bad... that's the point, they're peaceful.So enter stage right the CIA works in conjunction with the Mossad, FBI, NSA, etc, etc, they all work hand in hand. The CIA proposed that they should take advantage of the Iranian hostage crisis and tensions between Iran and the West. They used MI6, MI5 and Scotland Yard intelligence to craft a plan that would not only see the end of a serious threat from the CND movment but would also advertise the creation of the UK's very own 'death squad' the rebranded SAS (Special Air Service.)So they firstly began to focus on the Iranian Hostage Crisis and pumped out stories via the media to get the public's attention. Meanwhile, in London MI6 and MI5 had formed a protest group and was peacefully protesting outside of the Iranian embassy. During this time the SAS were training six men who were MI6 operatives for a live drill which would take place in the Iranian embassy. A hostage training exercise involving all the emergency services and media. This is apparently a common drill, however the MI6 agents who were to play the terrorists had no idea they would end up being killed on that fateful day. However, that is exactly what they had signed up for when they joined the military. Nobody says in the military how you will give your life for your country. You assume it might be on a battlefield, heroically. The battle field is everywhere now so you can be used in all sorts of ways.The organised intelligence service protests outside of the Iranian embassy became more and more violent and extreme as planned. Don't forget that the BBC is also a branch of the intelligence community, all they do is pump out the government message in the news, in entertainment, education, even the natural history unit is desperate to convince everyone that Darwin’s theory of evolution is correct. Remember, the truth never needs to be argued for.The NSA (National Security Agency) is tracking Americans' social connections, their travel partners, and locations at various times, according to an extensive New York Times report that cites documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.For decades, the intelligence body known as the National Security Agency thrived in such secrecy that it was jokingly referred to as "No Such Agency." NSA mathematicians and computer scientists cracked the computer codes used by the nation's enemies, allowing the United States to be prepared to combat real threats.Advances in technology, changes to laws in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and a culture of unaccountability have turned the NSA from conducting foreign surveillance to systematically collecting information about Americans' private communications.Prior to the public release of the existence of the Presidential "Kill List", Secret units comprised of Military, Ex-Military, Intelligence and Ex-Intelligence officers operated under the control of a secret organization within the Federal Government. These units are referred to in the media as "Death Squads"A death squad is an armed group that conducts extrajudicial killings or forced disappearances of persons for the purposes of political repression, genocide, or revolutionary terror. These killings are often conducted in ways meant to ensure the secrecy of the killers' identities. Death squads are often, but not exclusively, associated with police states, one party states, or military dictatorships. It is not unheard of, however, for democratic governments to form death squads.Death squads may have the support of domestic or foreign governments (see state terrorism). They may comprise a secret police force, paramilitary groups, or government soldiers and policemen. When death squads are not controlled by the state, they may consist of insurgent forces of Privatized Security companies or organized crime.The following is the story of one such Death Squad Leader subsequently finding himself in prison on the charge of Treason.Gene "Chip" Tatum joined the Air Force Special Force as a forward air controller in the early 70's, at age 19. He went to US Army Special Forces school and was assigned to South-East Asia as Airman First Class (A1C) in December 1970, he was assigned as a radio operator on a Forward Air Control (FAC) aircraft attached to Task Force Alpha (secretly under operational control of the CIA, but on paper it looked like it was under the 56th Special Operations Wing, and under the major command, US Pacific Air Forces (PACAF), under the Joint Chief of Staff and Secretary of Defense.56th Special Operations Wing and Task Force Alpha were operating out of Nakhon Phanom Royal Thai Air Force Base Phnom Pehn, Thailand. As to how much of a secret this was I don't know, but it appears the US did whatever we could to keep our operations there secret. I have noted more about 56th Special Operations Wing at the end of this article.Shortly after being assigned to Thailand, Airman Chip Tatum, assigned to a task force code-named, Team Red Rock. The team was composed of Airman Tatum, eight US Army Green Berets, three US Navy SEALs and two CIA paramilitary officer or (aka direct action) or contract agents/soldiers (a total of 14 US men) that was under operational control directly from the White House.In 1991, President Bush bristled at a flurry of news accounts that questioned the business ethics of three of his sons. Bush said the news media should be ashamed of the ''muckraking'' they have done into his children's business affairs. ''All of a sudden, for strange reasons people are trying to suggest that these kids are less than honest, and it really burns me up,'' Bush said. ''There's no validity to it. They go around and around the track trying to find dirt, and I don't like it,'' he said. ''The media ought to be ashamed of itself for what they're doing.'' Bush did not cite specifics. "The media ought to be ashamed of itself for what they're doing," Bush complained. "They [the boys] have a right to make a living, and their relationships are appropriate," added a White House spokeswoman in June 1992.I guess it seems only fair to take a look at his family. Over the years stories have periodically surfaced chronicling the individual business antics of the ex- president's sons -- each riding comfortably through life in the slipstream of his father's growing power and influence.Although a handful of good reporters have diligently been digging through business records for years, something has been missing: an overview that "connects the dots" in the myriad deals that have been examined, making it clear that cashing in on influence has become a pattern of behavior extending through the first family's.Instead of criticizing reporters, the ex-president might more wisely begin listening to those in government who have watched his sons with mounting worry. A years ago, I sat across a desk from a Secret Service agent who had been assigned to Bush-family security. I rattled off the names of a half-dozen questionable characters who had found their way into business deals with the Bush boys. How had these characters been allowed to get even close to the ex-president's sons?The agent slumped back in his chair and sighed. "We warn them," he said in a whisper. "But that's all we can do. We can't stop these kids from associating with someone they want to be with. All we can do after warning them is to sweep these guys with metal detectors when they come around."What follows is a list of what should be a fathers concerns about his sons.I have been extremely disturbed lately and I’ll be damned if I could figure out why. Yesterday I was hit by an epiphany. Gnawing at the back of my mind was the possibility that after all of the information put out by those involved with past presidential families and their misdeeds, the public just may allow the return of one of the families to the White House!DON’T DO IT!I was fortunate (or unfortunate – depends how you look at it) enough to work for every president since LBJ. And in such capacities I have seen a lot and have been involved in a lot. I can tell you without hesitation that our presidents and their administrations are unsurpassed at misleading and scamming the public for whom they supposedly serve.I won’t go into the full details here, as I want to hone in on those who are seeking to return to the position of Commander and Chief – Flim FlamThe Clintons and their mysterious circle of death (I have counted 101 to date, but I am sure this will rise as the announcement and run begins)The Bush Crime Family, their Drugs, Guns, Uranium, Money Laundering, and war enterprises. Now let’s talk about a circle of death. We can attribute all of the deaths, on both sides, to their phony war on terror regime.WHERE ARE YOUR MINDS?DON’T EVEN CONSIDER IT!You think it is bad now with world events? I can tell you that what we have now, pales to what your future will hold if you allow them to return.I thought that Streisand hit it right with her song – So I added a few faces to the song . Listen to the words…I have chosen to republish this article from “The Intercept”, as it somewhat represents how the CIA and others of our government agencies and proprietary companies can come together and cover one another’s misdeeds. Gary Webb was in fact the target of government retribution.The story of Oliver North’s direct involvement in the manufacturing of cocaine during the 80’s in Nicaragua is well documented in the media, congressional testimony, and federal court testimony.The error in the charges and ensuing investigation was so slight that most of us would not realize the cover-up. The scope of the investigation outlined is as follows:"Was theCIA complicit into introducing “crack” cocaine into theUnited States?"By restricting the scope of the investigation as such, the results were predetermined.TheCIA was not complicit in introducing “crack” cocaine into the United States. We shipped Cocaine!Remember the 1990′s movie “Outbreak”?The theme of the movie was pretty scary. To even consider that a small animal could have wreaked such havoc on the human race, and then add in the G Factor (Government). But it was just a movie, right? Now, some are going to say that this article is from a fear-based perception, and that to even compare a work of fiction from the 90′s to today’s outbreak of an African born Virus is irresponsible. Then there are those who will deny that the outbreak of Ebola in Africa even exists, and others that will claim that the outbreak is a conspiracy by the Zionist Financial Complex to fill their pockets. But what the hell. I have never been one who is concerned with criticism or ridicule.Legal Defense FundSubscribe To The . . . Black Ops ReporterJoin the Black Ops Reporter today and receive the following benefits. Publish articles on the Black Ops Reporter, receive our monthly newsletters, and, take advantage of member discounts on all BOR products. Only $19.00 for your 90 day subscription. Many more benefits are scheduled to come online.MemberWelcome to the Black Ops Reporter. Membership includes access to our Bi-Weekly Newsletter and valuable discounts to our products. Price is only $19.00 for your 90 day subscription.