The Pulse Of Radio reports that AC/DC lead guitarist Angus Young turns 60 years old on Tuesday (March 31). Since 1974, Angus has been the iconic image of the band in his trademark schoolboy uniform, while also influencing generations of guitar players [...]Considered to be a pioneer of the “shred guitar” genre, Michael Angelo Batio is set to release his first-ever career retrospective. Due on April 14 via Rat Pak Records, “Shred Force 1: The Essential Michael Angelo Batio” not only [...]MARILYN MANSON will team up with SMASHING PUMPKINS for “The End Times” co-headlining tour. They will hit the road together starting July 7 in Concord, California, and ending on August 8 in Cincinnati, Ohio. Tickets go on sale starting April 3. [...]According to a new tweet from MEGADETH mainman Dave Mustaine, the band is “almost done with the writing” of its new album and will begin tracking the follow-up to 2013’s “Super Collider” next week. As BLABBERMOUTH.NET [...]German guitarist Axel Rudi Pell will release “Magic Moments – 25th Anniversary Special Show” on CD, DVD and Blu-Ray on April 28 (one day earlier internationally) through SPV/Steamhammer. The weather gods smiled on Axel Rudi Pell on that [...]MEGADETH‘s official Facebook page has been updated with a photo of what is unmistakably LAMB OF GOD drummer Chris Adler wearing a MEGADETH shirt accompanied by the hashtag #‎Megadeth15‬, indirectly confirming rumors — as exclusively reported by [...]“Soror Irrumator”, ANTHRAX‘s contribution to the the second installment of “Catch The Throne: The Mixtape”, for HBO‘s Emmy- and Golden Globe-winning series “Game Of Thrones”, is available for streaming at [...]Video footage of DOKKEN performing the songs “Kiss Of Death” and “Breaking The Chains” on March 20 at the Whisky A Go Go in West Hollywood, California can be seen below. DOKKEN last year parted ways with bassist Sean McNabb and [...]Original KISS guitarist Ace Frehley spoke to Australia’s “Today” show ahead of his upcoming tour of the country. You can watch the chat at this location. Speaking about why he chose to leave KISS the first time, Frehley said: “I [...]Dave “Higgo” Higgins, formerly of Australia’s long-running rock station Triple M, conducted an interview with GODSMACK frontman Sully Erna during this year’s Soundwave festival. You can now listen to the chat in the YouTube clip [...]During an interview with Classic Rock magazine conducted earlier this month at the Soundwave festival in Australia, legendary guitarist Slash revealed that he has “already started working” on material for the follow-up to his latest solo [...]METALLICA drummer Lars Ulrich tells RollingStone.com that the band has written close to 20 new songs for its new album, and will likely enter the pre-production recording phase in the near future. “We are fucking in it,” Ulrich says. [...]“Soror Irrumator”, ANTHRAX‘s contribution to the the second installment of “Catch The Throne: The Mixtape”, for HBO‘s Emmy- and Golden Globe-winning series “Game Of Thrones”, is available for streaming at [...]“Rock The Blues Away”, the new video from AC/DC, can be seen below. The clip, which was filmed on February 10 at the Dragonfly club in Los Angeles with the band’s longtime collaborator David Mallet. features an enthusiastic crowd of real [...]Amen”, the new video from HALESTORM, can be seen below. The track is taken from the band’s upcoming album, “Into The Wild Life”, which is due out on April 14. In a recent interview with 100.3 The X Rocks, HALESTORM singer Lzzy Hale [...]“Superhero”, a brand new song from FAITH NO MORE, can be streamed in the YouTube clip below. The track will be available on seven-inch vinyl on March 17, followed by a digital release on March 31. FAITH NO MORE keyboardist Roddy Bottum [...]