This online teacher's training home study course is comprehensive. No secrets, wisdom or knowledge is withheld. In addition to learning the profound art of yoga, you will also be taught Meditation and Pranayama, as well as the practical wisdom on how to run a successful yoga studio and create a high traffic yoga web site.Today there is no greater need than spiritual teachers and guides, and there is no greater calling either. I hope you choose to join us in walking this noblest of paths. Here is some of what the program teaches you.Learn Basic and Advanced Hatha, Kundalini and Tantra YogaLearn Yoga Sequences, Kriyas and SetsLearn Meditation and Pranayama (Yoga Breathing Exercises)Learn Mudras (Hand Gestures) and Bandhas (Body Locks)Learn the Fundamentals of Enlightened LivingLearn How to Teach a Yoga ClassLearn How to Run a Successful Yoga and Meditation CenterLearn How to Build a High Traffic Yoga Web SiteHelp Spread the Light and Uplift the WorldSAMPLE YOGA INSTRUCTION AND TRAINING VIDEOSHere are 3 of the 20 videos that are part of this training program.You will find many more videos and articles of mine on my YouTube channel and web site, and here are those links for you to review.Here are the highlights of how this comprehensive self-study program works.Duration: The certification course is an 8 week program, although you can take more or less time as required. It is designed to let you go at your own pace. If you are proficient at yoga already you can finish the program faster.Support: You get full email support from me. I have created this program and am the author of Mastery of Meditation and Yoga, one of the largest and most popular yoga and meditation portals on the internet.Material: All the instructor training material is available immediately for download upon registering. The material is also available online, so you can access it from any computer at any time.Examination: Upon completion you take an open book take home exam. Upon passing it you receive a signed certificate from me and Mastery of Meditation and Yoga, certifying you to teach yoga, as well as meditation and pranayama. If you fail the exam you get to try again till you pass.SOME STUDENT TESTIMONIALS ABOUT MY CERTIFICATION PROGRAMSBONUS GIFT #1Amazing Insights E-bookWith over 1,000 download, this is my most popular product and I really want you to have it if you plan on being a yoga teacher. This is because, Amazing Insights will answer for you the most difficult questions regarding life and Reality. Important truths about Enlightenment, Purpose, Meaning, Knowledge, Destiny, Karma, Relationships, Reincarnation and more are revealed in this book.Amazing Insights E-Book TestimonialsBONUS GIFT #2Consciousness Expanding Guided Meditation MP3I am certain once you complete the Yoga Instructor Certification Program, you will not just be a great teacher, but you will also have the necessary skills to create transformational products, such as this Mind Expanding Guided Meditation. You will understand deeply how profound the method that was used to create this meditation truly is, and you will be able to apply such wisdom in creative ways of your own. In this way, your creations will then help to spread the light and raise the level of human consciousness. This meditation reveals your Higher Self to you.Consciousness Expanding Meditation TestimonialsHOW TO PAY AND REGISTER FOR THE CERTIFICATION PROGRAMFees:My interest and passion are spreading the wisdom of yoga and meditation, and helping others to do the same. I have worked very hard to make sure this program gives you exceptional value for your money.JUST FOR A LIMITED TIME I am making the entire program available for you for just $47. Please note you only get this price if you purchase the program from THIS page. It is more expensive ($97) if you buy it from anywhere else.Here is what you get for $47:Certificate in Mail, Letter of Recommendation, Teacher's Directory Listing and Listing on Best Yoga Sites Page.For your review, here are the links to Teacher's Directory and Best Sites Page (Both are Google PR4):The Online Yoga Instructor's Certification Program, like all my products, comes with a 60 day 100% no questions asked money back guarantee. There is absolutely no risk to you. Just FYI, so far I have had to give back a total of zero refunds :-).How to Pay:By clicking the Buy Now button below you can pay with either PayPal or using your Credit Card. It is 100% secure and you have 100% money back guarantee. International orders are welcome.Final Steps:Upon payment you will be taken to a download page. Please follow the instructions there to download the material for the program, download your free bonus gifts and get the final steps for completing your enrollment. If you have any questions or issues please feel free to email me at anmol@anmolmehta.com.