Following yesterday's summary of the utter farce that the Minsk Summit/Ukraine "peace" deal talks have become, the various parties involved appear to be fracturing even faster today. The headlines are coming thick and fast but most prescient appears to be: Despite John Kerry's denial of any split between Germany and US over arms deliveries to Ukraine, German Foreign Minister Steinmeier slammed Washington's strategy for being "not just risky but counterproductive." But perhaps most significantly is France's continued apparent pivot towards Russia... Following Francois Hollande's calls for greater autonomy for Eastern Ukraine, former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has come out in apparent support of Russia (and specifically against the US), "we are part of a common civilization with Russia,” adding, "the interests of the Americans with the Russians are not the interests of Europe and Russia." Even NATO appears to have given up hope of peace as Stoltenberg's statements show little optimism and the decision by Cyprus to allow Russia to use its soil for military facilities suggests all is not at all well in the European 'union'.German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier doubled down on Germany's rejection of weapons deliveries to Ukraine in a speech here Sunday...*GABRIEL SAYS GERMAN SPD WOULD NEVER BACK ARMS TO UKRAINE*EUROPE SEES U.S. ARMS DELIVERIES TO UKRAINE AS BAD IDEA: LAVROV"I see this, to say it openly, as not just for risky but for counter-productive," Mr. Steinmeier said at the Munich Security Conference. Mr. Steinmeier also hit back at open criticism of Germany's position on weapons deliveries from U.S. Senators and others here on Saturday. The White House is mulling delivering weapons to Ukraine to support the country's fight against pro-Russia separatists in the country's east."Perhaps we are so insistent because we know the region a bit," Mr. Steinmeier said.But John Kerry says, everything's fine... as he denies any split between U.S. and Europe on Russia policy...Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday denied any divisions between the U.S. and Europe over how to handle Russia, as Germany announced another high-level summit aimed at stemming the crisis in Ukraine.Kerry told a security conference in Munich that he wanted to "assure everybody there is no division, there is no split" between Washington and its European allies amid the crisis in Ukraine."We are united, we are working closely together," he told the conference following meetings with his French and German counterparts. "We all agree that this challenge will not end through military force. We are united in our diplomacy."But perhaps most significantly is France's continued apparent pivot towards Russia... Following Francois Hollande's calls for greater autonomy for Eastern Ukraine, former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has come out in apparent support of Russia (and specifically against the US).“We are part of a common civilization with Russia,” said Sarkozy, speaking on Saturday at the congress of the Union for a Popular Movement Party (UMP), which the former president heads.“The interests of the Americans with the Russians are not the interests of Europe and Russia,” he said adding that “we do not want the revival of a Cold War between Europe and Russia.”“Crimea has chosen Russia, and we cannot blame it [for doing so],” he said pointing out that “we must find the means to create a peacekeeping force to protect Russian speakers in Ukraine.”And then Cyprus joins the fracture party, offering to sign a military cooperation agreement on Feb 25th offering Russia the use of military facilities on its soil...The air force base at which Russian planes will use is about 40 kilometers from Britain's sovereign Air Force base at Akrotiri, on the south shores of Cyprus, which provides support to NATO operations in the Middle and Near East regionsProbably wanted to know why...WTF...is the US doing in Ukraine? How does this serve the MIC and TBTB? And how does this benefit the EU...? I dunno...maybe they were more concerned with their own populations instead of those in Iowa.<<One of the most interesting things about the Moscow talks is that they mainly happened without the presence of aides and officials i.e. Putin, Hollande and Merkel were by themselves save for interpreters and stenographers. Putin and Merkel are known to be masters of detail and given his background as an enarque I presume Hollande also is. However the German and French officials will be very unhappy about this. The Russians less so because since the meeting is taking place in the Kremlin they are listening in to the discussions via hidden microphones.>>Xibalba - you may be correct. The only Russian response that I've yet seen cryptically called the talks "constructive". Certainly the US and the UK were pretty pointedly excluded from these talks. That in itself sends a message.Say whatever you want about Putin, that he's a bad actor, a criminal or more, it is clear that the world sees him as less of a bad actor than Obama. Putin is seen at home as a strong leader, even by those who don't like him. He has challenged the status quo of the world and his people thus far have bought in becasue above all, they believe overall he wants best for his people. In his wildest dreams Obama could not achieve this having fucked up just about every foreign relationship we have and dividing the country at home. This shit is not going to end well for us. Obama's naivite coupled with his sense of self grandeur makes him think everything he does is good and people love him. When it all goes bad I guess we are then going to be able to say,"I told you so", to all the sheeple getting the freebies, all the overpaid people in the bankster world and all the overpaid union workersor basically the current beneficiaries of the progressive socialist utopia. It could get real fugly in the next two to three weeks.Hysterical is the word that best describes the Chosenites in this moment. They're terrified that we the people are going to take OUR money printing presses BACK from them. Greece just took theirs back. Who will be next?The split between the EU and USSA was evident with Nudelmans/Nulands famous 'Fuck the EU' phone call. The USSA decided to overthrow Yanukovich outright, with the end result that the Ukrainian adventure became a failed operation shortly thereafter. Had Yanukovich stayed in office for 6-7 more months as agreed, he would have lost, the Ukies would have voted in a pro western government, and there would be no civil war, no breakup of the Ukraine, no sanctions hurting Russia and EU, no oil war harming Norway, England etcThe USSA proxy attack against Russia was and is an epic fail, and like bad gamblers, Obama and crew are trying to double down, with everyone in the room knowing that it is a losing bet. Even if the USSA armed the Ukies, they would still be destroyed by the Russian Military since they are clearly not an effective fighting force. If the Ukie army cannot beat novorossiyan irregulars using 30-40 year old soviet equipment, what hope do they have against a professional russian military with air power, supersonic missiles, tactical nukes and directed EMP's? ? Without a trained military to operate advanced systems, they are so much junk, and Putin gets the green light to give the Novorossiyans better equipment and permission to visit Lvov and Kiev.If NATO is not willing to send in Americans, Germans, French soldiers to die in the Ukraine, it is obvious that the Ukies will never win a war againt Russia, something all the EU leaders comprehend. Further sanctions will only hurt the EU and Russia without benefiting anyone, and with the Grexit looming, the time has passed for any military solution. Further, there is no money to sustain the bankrupt Ukie economy and mass desertions by Ukie forces show that the locals nolonger want to seriously fight. Porky and crew are already roasted,they are merely to be served up as sacrifices by the USSA. The only thing worse than being an enemy of the USSA, is to be their Ally/vassal.I should also mention that Nudelman/Nuland and crew accomplishing something that billions of rubles in Russia propaganda could not achieve, the undying hatred of 10's of millions of russians and ukrainians forced to restory a devastated war zone and utterly ruined economy.Without a mulatto messiah to buy them cell phones and pay their mortgages, it will take a generation to recover, LOL>If the Ukies are smart, they will default on their debts and stick it to the EU, USSA and Banksters."There is a very interesting legal case that is playing out in Canada at the moment. William Krehm, Anne Emmett, and COMER (The Committee for Monetary and Economic Reform: http://www.comer.org/) filed a lawsuit on December 12th, 2011, in Federal Court to try to force a restoration of the Bank of Canada to its mandated purposes. In essence, they want the Bank of Canada to provide interest-free loans to the federal, provincial, and municipal governments, as provided for in the Bank of Canada Act.This money would be used to finance public expenditures whenever there is a budgetary deficit. Apparently, the federal government used to borrow interest-free (to at least some extent) from the Bank of Canada up until 1974. At present, governments borrow all of the necessary money (apart from any bonds they may sell to the public) from private banks at the going rate of interest. Canadians are economically burdened with the resultant debt-servicing charges because the Bank of Canada does not make use of its prerogatives in the interests of the Canadian public. The case is being prosecuted by Rocco Galati, who is widely considered to be Canada’s top constitutional lawyer."Exactly the same shit happened here (Australia) with our Commonwealth Bank .... which has since been privatized. It was created to help drag drag us out of the depression by providing said interest free "infrastructure" loans - it worked and when everything was rosey again the politicians started with the "independent central bank" meme and killed it off to be sold for peanuts.Turkey is most likely next to head east. They have to stabilize the Lira. This will be bigger than Greece since US has CIA/narco operations in Ankara. Ergodan bashed New York Times owners last week. Fun ahead.This is landmark. I mentioned it a week or so back as Galati & plaintiffs had prevailed in a challenge to proceed. Again it got zero coverage in Canadian media.Curious as this lawyer, as you say, is a top constitutional lawyer (of Charter of Riights etc.). All hhis other cases have been given attention but not this.AND Harper has not managed to buy off the Supreme Court (unlike the USA USA). There is still a sliver (or is that silver?) of hope that this case will progress to the top.I apologize profusely to the former Finance Minister whose name and website I cannot find right now....but the basis of this case I read years and years ago. Bank of Canada has the mandate. It is the law and in 1974 it was bypassed.And edit again for those Canadians here too impatient to research: "“TWO CANADIANS AND A CANADIAN ECONOMIC THINK TANK CONFRONT THE GLOBAL FINANCIAL POWERS IN THE CANADIAN FEDERAL COURT. THE CANADIANS PLEAD FOR DECLARATIONS THAT WOULD RESTORE THE USE OF THE BANK OF CANADA FOR THE BENEFIT OF CANADIANS AND REMOVE IT FROM THE CONTROL OF INTERNATIONAL PRIVATE ENTITIES WHOSE INTERESTS AND DIRECTIVES ARE PLACED ABOVE THE INTEREST OF CANADIANS AND THE PRIMACY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF CANADA"....from pressfortruth.caSTOP WITH THIS!! His actions and those around him (Jarrett, Kerry, Brennan) are not mistakes they are deliberate measures to weaken us internally. These moves are designed to weaken us politically and militarily domestically and internationally there can be no other rational explanation... INTERNALIZE THIS TRUTH!"Obama could not achieve this having fucked up just about every foreign relationship we have and dividing the country at home."Typical of you chosenites, you only see your own point of view. You never see the other side of the coin or tell the whole story. Like I said, thousands of years of inbreeding does interesting things to human genetics...Are you suggesting he is correct and the 99% should quibble about each others sanity when it is we who are missing the big picture? Listen to Catherine Austin Fitts. She explains well that "they, Mr Global" are operating in a perfectly sane way for their way of thinking and their goals. It is we who are insanely assuming they will operate in another way. In a general sense, I couldn't give a toot how another 99% sees me (at least one of their causes will somehow find a way to criminalize and trap me) - I'm actually just interested in my family surviving how Mr Global sees me.edit - Sir, I think my comment was misdirected, but that aside it may be a relevant one.Very true. In fact, they have over 100 chosenite specific diseases, which is one of the reasons for their big demand for organs. They are definitely a mixed mongrel edomite race or the sinnagogues give you diseases.....The tradition of marrying inside the race has caused the huge number of recessive genetic disorders to appear in their population. Same thing with the Pennsylvania Dutch population. The Pennsylvania Dutch aren't as big a blight on the globe so I don't think the restriction on intermarriage is deciding factor.There is a reason why "opposites attract", as the saying goes. It is rather ironic that for all the "laws of nature" rethoric of right-wingers, they seem to be obsessed with placing all manner of restrictions on spontaneous urges.Many ZHers still focus too much on the particular face behind the podium. Everything that we see unfolding is the culmination of many years of scheming by a very large pool of manipulative psychopaths and their witting and unwitting peons, all expendable, all easily replaced.I assume the red arrow folks are extensively read. The correlation between today's events and the writings of various folks like Sutton, Farrell, Watts. Griffin, Kahhn, Mullins, Quigley are among many that provide verification there is a very long range planning scheme by a few that appears incredulous to most but provides a much broader context within which one should read many of these articles.Yes, the things happening today seem to have been planned a long time ago. Some posters here have made comments that made me dig deeper than I had before and I am learning a bunch. Once you have some idea of what the plan seems to be it makes it easier to prepare yourself and your family for what is coming.Probably true, which is why the situation is escalating so rapidly and is so very dangerous. The US cannot admit it made a terrific mistake, and pull back. Germany and France are left holding the bag, and are going to Putin in a last ditch attempt to stop the major blow against the Ukes in Debaltseve, which is now surrounded by Russian backed forces that can easily take out the Ukes inside that city. They are trapepd, and Merkel and Hollande are probably desperately seeking some kind of solution to this major defeat, even though any such solution will probably be short lived, due to the insanity of the Nuland gang and other neocons in Washington.To think that this could not lead to a very serious major world war that would affect all of us is misguided; the current situation in Ukraine bears hallmarks to the Spanish War that preceded World War II. We have seen that the neocons will stop at nothing . . . even if not a single European nation supports the US sending expensive weaponry to Kiev, Washington still intends to do it. The situation for the hapless Ukrainian civilians is horrific and a war crime in itself; and we have only the usual inbred psychopaths in Washington to blame for all this murder and mayhem, thinking they could wage yet another colonialist proxy war.The best chance now is to checkmate their intentions by brokering a serious peace negotiation that entails the take-down of the current Kiev regime, and the removal of Poroshenko, who can best be considered as not a president but a mere translator of American and British instructions. The situation is dire and whoever is at liberty in Washington to stop these fanatics, they must do so immediately. There must be someone in Washington who can stop this absolute mad rush to a full blown Continental war.Poland has the firelighters and the US has the matches. Ukraine is headed for breakup like Syria with Poland taking Galicia through "popular uprising" and the collapse of the Kiev governmental structureI can't believe people are still spouting this garbage. You've got Obama all wrong. Ever read the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy? Specifically, the bit where the galactic president's job wasn't to wield power but to distract attention away from it. That's what we're dealing with here. Here you are spouting off drivel about Obama's naivete and the damage he's done to foreign relations... bullshit. He does nothing, not one fucking thing, that he isn't told to. Meanwhile he becomes one of the most hated figures in the wold while the people pulling his strings are virtually ignored. This is the plan. Obama is not bad at his job, he is stunningly good at it. So was Bush.At the rate things are moving right now, I don't think it will take this long. The US is being isolated. That is huge. The unipolar axis is dying a rapid death. The people at the top of that axis have the potential to do more damage as they go out, but that is not guaranteed. If at some point in the next 24 months or so, someone strong enough to matter makes the decision to allow the oligarchs to take a hit (not fatal, but a significant hit), then there could still be a new stasis reached within 10 years or so, I think. That, of course is a huge "if". There are splits within the oligarchy. It is not a pure, monolithic block. The one piece that has reined them in for a long time now is the nuclear MAD paradigm. If there are enough of the group who wield power who still recognize the insanity of truly giving in to their inner rage, we may get through this without disaster. I pray that someone is foresighted enough to devote as much energy as they have devoted to their egotistical grab for power, to the serious resource destruction and scarcity issues we face as a species. Probably that's asking too much, however. One thing at a time.Re. KERRY - Look up what happened to Senator Heinz, the dead former husband of the woman who is now known as Mrs. Kerry-Kohn.Its like a scene out of "Good Fellas"The wealthy, patriotic, American senator said he had the goods to bring down The Fed. Of course, he gets killed and here's the real mafiosa part. The widow of the guy they just wacked, along with his family's wealth, gets handed to the up and coming Zino-capo, Kerry-Kohn. The wife must know what happened, but full of fear after seeing her [appearently] powerful husband taken out, probably could not object to the new arraingement. So they killed him, took all his stuff and his woman. Like pissing on his grave as an example to others who might get uppity.John Forbes Withrop Dudley Kerry is a first cousin, once removed, to Michael Paine (on the Forbes/Dudley side), who together with his wife, Ruth Avery Paine, rented living space to alleged presidential assassin, Lee Oswald (whom no one sane in America really believes did it, and it was never proven), as well as helping Mr. Oswald obtain work at the Texas School Book Depository.Michael Paine was also related to Henry Cabot Lodge, the ambassador to Vietnam whom President Kennedy was about to fire prior to his assassination.Ruth Avery Paine was related to the Rockefeller/Morgan families on the Avery side, as was John Foster Dulles, who married into those families when he married Janet Avery.IMO a short term view, regardless it is more important to recognize their heritage....its is not national, has never been national. "Mr Global" has a very very very long history.Mr Global will and is switching his useful idiots around the board. Mr Global invested in preferred nation status for China in recent years, coincidentally China is part of the BRICS & able to accumulate gold whilst other nations have been selling/robbed of theirs. It is odd that those playing chess since the days of Babylon, carefully interfering with the rise and fall of many civilizations across the globe would somehow become stupid and incapable of plotting chess strategies.DeadFred - if you wanted to meet and talk in the one place in the world where you could feel most confident that NSA could not listen in, where would you go? The Kremlin. This looks like Angela switching sides.Edit - late to the party, after posting, I see August is saying the same thing VS brought to my attention as well.As per the Saker, holding meetings within the walls of the Kremlin, without the presence of staff/advisors, is the only way to be certain that the discussions are not made available to the CIA-NSA usw.I knew an engineer back in the day when they were building US Consulate I. The whole building was a Farraday Cage, but it turns out the Russian workers made sure to not let the wire mesh in the walls touch, off by just hundreths. Just enough to let the Soviets hear everything. Finally the whole building was scrapped.Good thing amerika has such a highly respected, competent international leader and diplomat with a long record of successful foreign policies as the divisive despicable corrupt arrogant narcissistic illegal indonesian kenyan alien muslim sociopathic pathological liar in chief only interested in its celebrity grand imperial golf lifestyle and eating azz burgers.Think about this for one second- Zionists like the Crown family- a big Chicago supporter of Obama, are selling tanks to Egypt- see General DynamicsEgypt Cannot Possibly Use All Of Its US-Made Tanks 'Short Of An Alien Invasion'War, arms sales and debt are tools for the control of sovereign nations. The death and destruction are mere after thoughts of the monsters who yield them. The people of the world are simply collateral damage.German 'hypocrisy' over Greek military spending has critics up in arms Athens' fondness for weaponry, and willingness of Germany and France to feed it, under fire as Greece struggles with debt crisis http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/apr/19/greece-military-spending-de... If the citizenry were to confront the truth, only one conclusion could be drawn. Revolt before you are collateralized. Now, back to the Bruce Jenner car crash sex change show.In simplistic terms, it's easier to control/exploit/plunder a land-mass that's politically fractured than united. Can you imagine a United States of Africa?!? The US would become irrelevant in two days. Best to keep everyone under the gun, living in fear, enslaved to debt they didn't want, and in need of the SAVIOR- the Mighty USA....With all due respect and commiseration to your ideal of the current state of the union (USAmerica), a United States of Africa would be a monumental fail and can not support your thesis. After all, the US has become the United States of Africa and that is a part of the problem here.hahaha! I see where you're coming from having visited states like Pa., and Tn., although it could be argued that the US is more of a Hispanic nation than an African one. However, I was referring to the mineral rights, the oil, and the natural 'wealth' of the continent vs. the population demographics.The Flight to the Exists is happening and many examples have been reported in depth on Z/H over the past 3/4 years. The flight may not be so apparent as it takes more time to disengage than one would wish for in order to avoid the complete implosion and resultant chaos.Also the captured MSM have a big part to play in the non reporting of the FACTS."But one thing we did learn [from the Persian Gulf War] is that we can use our military in the region – in the Middle East – and the Soviets won’t stop us. And we’ve got about 5 or 10 years to clean up those old Soviet regimes – Syria, Iran [sic], Iraq – before the next great superpower comes on to challenge us.” - Paul Wolfowitz, 1991Yes, I noticed that unprecedented move too. In order to speak without US ears listening, they had to be alone with the Russians. I suspect it was because they had things to say that Obama and his Republican Congress would not approve of.Just a point, when I say Obama and his Republican Congress, I mean just that. Obama is a proven radical neoconservative zionist, even more radical than most democrats, so Obama's drive to war with Russia is best supported by a Republican War Congress. Obama has set the entire Middle East on fire, and is proud of it. Now he alone gave orders for the Junta's coup in Kiev, and sent his CIA director to order Kiev to launch all out war on Russian ethincs, all 8 + million of them.I assess Obama as a worse war monger than Bush. Bush had a fig leaf of reason for war, Obama has nothing to offer for reason, just the Zionist bloodlust of republican and democratic zionists.No. Bush made up a pretext for war. Or, just possibly, had it imposed on him. It was called 9/11. Until you see that 9/11 was state-sponsored terrorism, by the US government against its people, likely with the involvement of Israel, you can't understand what's happening.9/11 provided the pretext for a permanent state of war. It was extremely successful. It continues to be extremely profitable.Interesting that you bring up 9/11. Have you heard of the new book, 'Methodical Illusion'? It's supposedly one of the fastest selling books in the world right now:"Dr. Kevin Barrett interviews retired stewardess of 30 years, Rebekah Roth. She is the author of the new runaway hit book, 'Methodical Illusion,' a novelized version of the events of 9/11 that is flying off the shelves at Amazon and Barnes & Noble.I think you give O too much credit, I just cant see what motivation he might have. The State department and the folks that control it on the other hand are highly motivated, especially since they have no specific allegiance to the US.If one looks at this as a continuation of 911's goal to destabilze the ME in general, combined with the desire to punish Putin for his transgressions against the western banking establishment - things fall in place nicely.I do wonder... If reasonable heads do prevail in this latest effort to promote chaos in Russia - what's the next power play?So many litlle countries, so many opportunities to do pure evil. What to do?