I was attacked by a VIRUS on Face Book, it was a porno one! I had a very hard time when a friend of mine informed me about everything concerning the porno videos attached on my FB page! What a shame! The real problem was that all my FB friends, including my family had received such a mess! Since then I am still receiving INSULTS, INJURIES and so more because some people believed I was GUILTY: they cancelled my name from their friendship list and I can state they did good, because I do not really need their feriendship relation realizing their mind is completely closed!A certain Mr Lazar started such a converrsation on the chat room and I replied as well after he cancelled my name from his friendship list:Me: "Mr Lazar, I never said in my life any coss words such these! I am very surprised that a gentlman like you has such a way to express his own emotions. I have some reputation to defend in here, so, please never talk again about familiar matter. I hope ytou understand that I have been attacked by a virus: I did not know anything until one of my student called me because of the virus, and I realized that even all my family has been involved on this. So I am very upset that just you injured me with your very bad opinion on me, hurting me and all my family: What a shame, sir! Here you go some documentation stating I am not GUILTY| Post Police has been investigating for more than three months on this matter nowwww.retenews24.it/rtn24/societa/nuovo-vi...ega-come-difendersi/Nerxt time be sure whom you are dealing with, and never get the family up!"I could not believe tha this guy would have answered meMr. Lazar: "Dear Piero, I sow my name in one very stupid porno picture. Doesn't matter is that virus or not! At all I try to not use this chat here - he's full with viruses too, believe me - I work with computers and that's my job! Every one picture where you add somebody is as a present for the hackers and they use that..."Me: Dear Lazar You hurt me so much according to your very bad opinion on me, you can figure out how I felt!! If you still want to be a friend of mine you can send me your friendship request and I will gladly agree.By the way, I never involved by myself anyone through a "TAG" that I am not afraid to tell that I cannot use: everything was made automatically by the VIRUS|"Mr. Lazar: "Friend, explain - when I saw the publication very angry. My wife is Russian and is currently not in me, but to my son in Moscow - it also saw the publication and prepare my family scandal. This is not particularly important, because it explained what happened. As for friendship sorry, but limit Facebook's 5000 friends, and my limit is completed. I am not angry - I forgot already history, and I do not see that we have many common interests, so that we can experience, it seems to me without communication in Facebook! I wish you success and all the best in life!"Me:"No problem at all, Lazar, That is your choice. I wish you the best!"Mr. Lazar authorized me to share all above according to the following:Mr. Lazar: "I have nothing against the publication. I believe that Facebook administrators have not done their job and prevent such cases. For me this is not happening for the first time, even in one case administrators had blocked my account for a few days!"Many people have intervened in my favor including Mr.Alessandro Tuccio who stated:Mr. Alessandro Tuccio: "Mr Lazard, Piero is not an idiot at all. A new computer virus is spreading on Facebook.Facebook currently has 4 virus Attacks.-- These attacks can get your Facebook Account Hacked 1) :- If you get a notice of a PHOTO TAG Do not open it. 2) :- If you get a notification that a friend reported you for offensive behavior etc.. Do not open it. 3) :- Is a Video saying 99% of People can not watch this for more the 15 Sec. Do not open it. 4) :- All Messages from your friends via chat saying click this link .. Do not open. Only way to protect yourself from these is to ignore them and not to click on them. Share this info and Help your friends. Be Safe..!"I appreciated all the interventions in my favor, and I say to all: Thank you my good friends, I will count on you forever!