We chat about TV, movies & all things pop culture. Our favorites: The Walking Dead, Supernatural, Games of Thrones, Modern Family, New Girl, The Mindy Project, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black.In this episode we chat about Planet Comic-Con in Kansas City, meeting Michael Rooker (The Walking Dead, Guardians of the Galaxy) and Cinderella.TV News: The Walking Dead companion series gets picked up for two seasons, True Blood alums get new series, Jane Lynch goes from a devil on Glee to an angel in her new series, Scream Queens trailer and Orange Is The New Black premiere date.In this episode we talk about Lady Gaga joining the cast of "American Horror Story: Hotel", casting for the "Supergirl" series, James Franco signs on for Stephen King's latest film adaptation, Jason Biggs not returning for the next season of OITNB, Ducktales making a comeback and could there be a possible 4th season of Happy Endings? We also share our thoughts on the "Parks & Rec" series finale, The Walking Dead and its problem with Daryl Dixon, and a Kansas City tie to "House of Cards".Kitty is off the grid for this episode, so Mick is in charge! So much TV news. In this episode we talk about Better Call Saul, Orphan Black Season 3, Game of Thrones: Season 5 gets a premiere date, Minority Report is coming to the small screen, as is the classic 80's movie "Adventures in Babysitting". We also talk about the soon-to-return Twin Peaks, and the character that used to freak Mick out as a kid. In movie news, Wicked could be moving to the silver screen, and G.I. Joe 3 is in the works. We also recap our thoughts on the Golden Globes and what we thought of ABC's musical comedy. "Galavant."We're back! Sorry we've been gone so long, you know...holidays and stuff. Anyway, in this episode we talk about all the tv shows and movies we watched over the winter break (Kitty watched a lot). In TV news, we talk about the final season of Parks & Rec, Orphan Black Season 3, American Idol, Gotham, Galavant, Downton Abbey, Once Upon A Time, The Comeback & Black Mirror. In movie news, Ant Man and Masters of the Universe! Mick talks about some awesome fan theories for popular movies out there, and Kitty talks about several movies she watched over the past month. Mick talks about a new song app and a couple of movies he watched. Also, Kitty talks about her newest obsession, Simpsons Tapped Out.This week in pop culture we talk about why we are obsessed with the podcast Serial. We give our takes on if we think Adnon is guilty or innocent. We do quick recaps of Once Upon A Time, The Walking Dead, Gotham, How To Get Away With Murder, American Horror Story and Nashville. In TV News... we go over the latest shows canceled and talk casting news for the show still on-air. Also the latest on Orphan Black Season 3, Better Call Saul, Amazon's new lineup, Supernatural, Star Wars Ep. 7 and Jem and the Hologram. Hosts: Kitty & Mick.