Explore With Ivy StarshyneEmail me at IvyStarshyne@Gmail.Com for a custom clip ($5-10 per minute)Loading Featured Clips..Ordering InstructionsFile FormatRefund PolicyTo order Clips simply click the ADD TO CART button on each clip you want to purchase. Once you have selected all the clips into your cart click the BUY NOW button on the cart to take you to the checkout page. If you are only purchasing 1 clip from this studio you can do a quick purchase by simply clicking he BUY NOW button to the left of the clip image and you will be taken directly to the checkout page.Clips will be sent in their orignal format. This could vary from store to store. Most popular formats are...MPG, WMV, RM, MOV, AVI, MP4, and even ZIP. After downloading the file simply open it with the appropriate player and enjoy the clip. We provide you with a list of players as well as zip utilities in the download area.Your girlfriend is sitting on the bed looking hot, with a glass of wine in one hand and her phone in the other. She is very much engrossed in her phone activity, but you want her attention. Just coming into her bubble ticks her off though, and she almost immediately growls at you about bothering her. She is not in a good mood. You're so fucked.She's over your cock. In fact, she isn't even calling it a cock anymore - she insists you have a fat clit. You won't be getting laid tonight, or anytime soon, as she pulls a huge dildo out and fucks herself silly... the whole time, she's making faces at you and saying how much better she's getting it in the form of a 9 inch dong.So... Mom and Dad have finally agreed to let me be your babysitter. That means you have to listen to me. I am the boss. You might not know this, but I DO care about you. I want to make sure you're happy, but ultimately... I want to help you grow up. You're going to be a man in no time with me as your sitter.Uncle Chris used to babysit me. Remember him? Oh, he was... a big help to me. After you'd fall asleep, he'd come into my room and do things to me. He'd teach me all the right things you do to make a man happy. I really didn't like it at first... but told myself it was all going to be good for me in the future.Let me strip down and show you my body. Then... I want you to get naked and feel something you've never felt before... a wet pussy.The club was so much fun! I just love dancing... even if I'm not that great, it's so exciting to get out there and shake. Of course, a drink helps... or a few drinks. Well, you're quite the gentleman getting me so many drinks! I know your plan though. I know exactly what you were doing... You wanted to get me drunk! Don't even worry about it. Oh... wine? Sure! I'd love a glass... or two...Mmmm... watch me stumble around as I flirt and show off my body. I have to get close sometimes, to make sure I don't fall and spill this wine all over your carpet. You've got me in your room already. No need to have me drinking MORE! Still, it's so tasty... mmm... I can barely stand... So let's get on the bed already, shall we? I'm ready to ride your cock!Want to see me stretch my scrawny arms out for you? I will try so hard to produce some kind of muscle in my biceps. Check it out! I think I saw something. Maybe? Did you? Let me try from this angle. You can see it from all angles. It's so little, but there is some kind of muscle, huh? Let me grab my 15 inch dildo as a weight - it's about 5 pounds. It should do the trick. You can REALLY see my itty bitty muscles now!Hi baby... so happy to you on my Skype now. Do I look okay? I'm wearing something special for you. What do you think? I miss you so much! I've been thinking about our little Skype date all day, getting myself worked up over it. I've been sucking on my pointer finger here... it reminds me of you. Let me see how you feel about me sucking my finger... mmmmm... stroke your little cock for me. I love to see.I've been sucking on this finger, fantasizing about slipping it inside me... feels just like you... small... doesn't hurt. It just teases the inside of me. I can't wait to get you back here, but I'm going to play now and cum at the thought of your little cock doing me right here.I wanted to sneak a cigarette out on my balcony. The air was nice and cool, and the thought of relieving some stress in the form of a cigarette was so appealing. So I stood at the balcony and smoked. My neighbor walked beneath me and I decided to stay there... so he could peak up my skirt.After he wanders off, I sit down and pull a tit out while I smoke... feeling so excited to be exposed right there in public. I pull my legs up and show up my skirt, still puffing away and enjoying the comfort of a smoke.Mmmm I think it's time for bed, don't you? I'm just going to get right in and snuggle to sleep...OR maybe I'll take this robe off and we can do something else. I hope that's what you want. Of course you do.Before we start, let me remind you of our little agreement. You are going to eat every last drop of spunk when you pop. In order for us to get the most of this, you have to wear a condom. We don't want to be losing any inside me. Slip this johnny on and get inside me... mmm...Now, it's only fair that after you cum, we work on me cumming. Don't let that condom slip off! Hold onto it, maybe you'll be adding more to it... So let me show you this toy I got. It's HUGE, something that will really complete the job for me. I'm so ready to fuck this toy. I want you to think about how hot it is that I'm getting off on the thought that you are going to eat that hot sperm when this is all over. Mmmmm... fuck yeah...Such a wet cunt... making loud noises as I push my 10 inch toy in and out... faster... then slower, so you can hear it so clear beneath my moans... I can't help it, it feels so good, especially when my pussy won't stop creaming.So... Mom and Dad have finally agreed to let me be your babysitter. That means you have to listen to me. I am the boss. You might not know this, but I DO care about you. I want to make sure you're happy, but ultimately... I want to help you grow up. You're going to be a man in no time with me as your sitter.Uncle Chris used to babysit me. Remember him? Oh, he was... a big help to me. After you'd fall asleep, he'd come into my room and do things to me. He'd teach me all the right things you do to make a man happy. I really didn't like it at first... but told myself it was all going to be good for me in the future.Let me strip down and show you my body. Then... I want you to get naked and feel something you've never felt before... a wet pussy.Your girlfriend is sitting on the bed looking hot, with a glass of wine in one hand and her phone in the other. She is very much engrossed in her phone activity, but you want her attention. Just coming into her bubble ticks her off though, and she almost immediately growls at you about bothering her. She is not in a good mood. You're so fucked.She's over your cock. In fact, she isn't even calling it a cock anymore - she insists you have a fat clit. You won't be getting laid tonight, or anytime soon, as she pulls a huge dildo out and fucks herself silly... the whole time, she's making faces at you and saying how much better she's getting it in the form of a 9 inch dong.