Ken Hall: Children can't wait, but in walks CuomoBill de Blasio made it a centerpiece of his election campaign and had a plan to pay for it.Not to be outdone, Andrew Cuomo said that he, too, was a big fan. Bigger, in fact.He did not want to limit something that important to New York City. He made some phone calls and pretty soon every legislator, mayor and county executive on the governor’s speed dial list was weighing in. Most had not talked about pre-K before, but this was good for primetime press coverage.Aren’t our suburban and upstate children deserving, they asked. Can’t we think big, make sure that every young person north of the Bronx gets included as well?I thought at the time that this was more cynical, more manipulative, than usual. Had Cuomo and all those who commented on cue left de Blasio alone, he would have been able to significantly expand access to pre-K and after school programs. Instead, the governor and those he summoned to comment used these children as props, the promise of more opportunity as bait for voters with no plan to follow through.For a while we got glimpses of the mess the governor made when only a few schools entered the competition for the small amount of money that was being made available. Even those who got the funds complained that they came far too late into the budget planning process to do much good and raised more questions than they answered.Now we are getting a real look at what happened or, more accurately and painfully, what did not happen.According to a study out last week from the Alliance for Quality Education, “Overall, the 2014 investment in the Governor’s new Full Day Pre-K program did not make much progress in meeting the need outside New York City. Just 5,300 seats were added outside the city, meeting just 5 percent of the remaining need. Tens of thousands of 4-year-olds statewide still need a seat.In the city, 39 percent of 4-year-olds got access to full day pre-K in the 2014-15 budget year. In every other region, the numbers are in the single digits, ranging from a low of 1 percent in the Capital District to 7 percent in the Hudson Valley to 9 percent in the Mohawk Valley.And here are some more chilling statistics from the report “Children Can’t Wait,” an accurate title if ever there was one.Sixty-one percent of the state’s 4-year-olds are waiting for full-day pre-K but the governor includes no new investment in his budget.“A disturbing 78 percent of children eligible for subsidized child care are still waiting for a slot as well. Local communities around the state are simply running out of child care funding and refusing to even take applications from working families.”All those fans of funding pre-K programs seem to have moved on to other interests.