I lead a multi-family office and trust administration firm, having earned a doctoral degree in finance, a law degree and an advanced degree in taxation. I have over 20 years of experience in all aspects of managing and administering the business and investment interests of families--including domestic and international tax and estate planning, as well as business transition planning.About That Irrevocable Trust . . . Change It And Save Tax!We all know the story. Mom and dad had their trust drawn up years ago. So much of the law related to estates has changed. So much of the law related to taxes has changed. And, so much of the family’s situation has changed. But, like most, mom and dad never sat down with their estate-planning attorney to do periodic reviews to ensure their estate planning documents reflected all of these changes. Indeed, the average individual or couple might see their estate-planning attorney once every ten years . . . if that.Once dad died, his “bypass” trust became irrevocable. And, once his trust became irrevocable, that was it. It was set in stone. The family was now stuck with a trust that was not in tune with estate law, tax law, or the family’s circumstances. If they could only have a “re-do.”The family might want to build in asset protection provisions into the trust. Perhaps the family would like to convert the bypass trust to a Dynasty Trust so as to extend its period outside the estate tax system. Alternatively, the family would like to convert a portion of the trust to a Special Needs Trust for a disabled family member. If only . . .Enter a legal concept called “decanting.” The term is borrowed from those who consume fine wines. Typically, a fine wine is allowed to “breathe” after its bottle is opened. And, it is common to decant a fine wine from its original container into another container. Decanting of a trust is when the assets of one trust are poured into a new trust. The new trust has terms and provisions that reflect the updates in estate law, tax law, and the family’s situation.In order for a family to effect decanting, the state in which the trust is administered must have statutes that enable decanting. Less than half of the states have such enabling statutes. According to attorney Steven J. Oshins, a nationally recognized expert on decanting, the three most favorable jurisdictions for decanting are Nevada, South Dakota, and Tennessee. These same three states jockey for top position among asset protection jurisdictions and Dynasty Trust jurisdictions.Should a family seek substantive changes to an irrevocable trust – including trusts that have been long-since irrevocable – the first step is to transfer the trusteeship to a trustee in a jurisdiction that provides for decanting. The family will then relate the changes they are seeking to the new trustee, who then engages an attorney who will create the new trust into which the first trust’s assets will pour.It should be noted that each state’s decanting statutes impose certain requirements and/or limitations on any decanting. But, Mr. Oshins has found that the top three jurisdictions mentioned above are flexible enough to accomplish most families’ objectives.It is also worth noting that a given decanting might come with or without tax consequences; all being dependent on the specific modification made. For example, if a decanting extends the life of the trust – extends the perpetuities period in legal speak – the decanting will trigger what is known as the Delaware Tax Trap. Depending on the family’s circumstances, it might WANT to trigger that trap. Read on.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.