We thought Henry's tuxedo at the BAFTA Film Gala killed it, turns out he was saving the best for last! -- He oozed class and sophistication, as he arrived on the awards red carpet wearing this sexy number. Yes, even hotter than the pre-BAFTA party suit!BuzzFeed: "And there’s Henry Cavill whose beard is the most beautiful sight you will ever see.""Batman v Superman and Captain America: Civil War may be the two big superhero releases of 2016, but any DC vs Marvel rivalry was put aside as Henry Cavill and Chris Evans kick-started a cross-the-streams geektastic bromance.""Proving that they’ve truly traversed from east London affectation to major league accessory, a proper beard circumnavigated the face of nearly every man on the red carpet. Chris Evans: neat and dreamily Satanic. Steve Carrell: Preppy, salty and peppery. James McAvoy: Swatchbook for autumnal sofa range. Sam Claflin: Bumfluff rex. Ethan Hawke and Jack O’Connell: get their goatee. Henry Cavill: Lovely, dark and deep. All it needs is Cumberbatch and Redmayne to play a pair of gold prospectors and we’ll have truly reached peak beard.""At the BAFTAs Chris Evans and Henry Cavill presented Julianne Moore with the Best Actress award. Two handsome men of the superhero persuasion stood next to each other, and the internet collectively lost its sh*t. It’s understandable—they’re both really, really, really ridiculously good-looking, though Beardy Chris Evans is working the facial hair better than Cavill. Although I’m pretty sure Cavill with a thick and luxurious beard is inspiring some bear fantasies of his own. And between them is Moore and her gorgeous red Tom Ford dress. A redhead wearing red! She looks amazing.The BAFTAs have a bit of sly that the Oscars are missing, and clearly someone somewhere knew what they were doing when they put Cavill and Evans on a dance card together. They’re the faces of two highly anticipated movies—which aren’t even coming out this year (maybe) and are still dominating the pop culture conversation—and they’ve been pitted against each other already, with Captain America coming out the winner in the release-date pissing contest. Now that they won’t be going head to head for an audience, the remaining question is who ends up making more money in 2016: Captain America: Civil War orSuperhero Face Punch? The value of watching Batman and Superman punch each other in the face cannot be underestimated, especially with Wonder Woman on the hook, too. But people actually care about Captain America and Iron Man, so the stakes of Civil War are much higher for the audience. It’s going to be a dirty back alley fight at the box office next year."Dear all, we love your feedback! -- Just some common guidelines: Please respect each other, and most importantly respect Henry. We don't like deleting comments, but we will if we feel they're offensive. Thank you for contributing to this blog.