Virginia hosted Donacarney this morning in a fog covered King’s Park. Kick off was delayed 15 minutes as the visitors kit man had some car trouble. The Virginia starting line up had one change from last week with Soden getting the nod from the manager after is influential introduction at half time in last weeks cup victory. The game wasn’t one minute old when the managers fate in Soden was repaid with a goal. Rourkes defence splitting pass found the veterans run wide out on the left and his cross come shot was deflected into the visitors net with 45 seconds gone on the clock. After the restart Virginia were guilty of thinking this was going to be easy and over committed on the attack and were punished on 15 minutes with the visitors counter attack. Their winger no.10 took on and beat his man down the wing and he squared it for their unmarked midfielder to find the top corner with a unstoppable shot. Honour’s even and game on. This was the third meeting of these two sides this season and very little could separate them on previous outings and the same was evident early on here. A break through came midway through the half with Moore and his passing ability finding Rourkes splendid run, his first touch was good but his top corner finish was brilliant. The home side carried their lead into half time with hard work and a team effort as the visitors were continuing to pose a threat. The second half was a tight and tense affair for the Kingsmen as they looked to put the game to bed. However what was evident from interval was the visitors were here to win. Donacarney put Virginia on a full press pinning the hosts into their own half and were it not for some breath taking defending from Hetherton, Carpenter and Cooney they may have got a submission. Graham rung the changes giving Steven McGrath his first run out in nearly two years, the young winger who had been on loan in New Zealand was keen to impress. The other changes saw Gargan and Farrelly taking the fight to the seasiders and the fresh legs were evident with all three substitutes making an impression. The game winner came with five minutes remaining and it wasn’t in the form of a goal it was a set piece corner drilled into Virginia’s crowed box and it unbelievabley spilled out the back untouched. The third goal came in the last minute of normal time with Farrelly playing in the boy wonder Rourke whose narrow angle finish put the game to bed while bagging his brace and taking his total to 17 for the season. Reading this you might say the young striker deserved the man of the match for his third week running but seeing is believing and anyone of the thirty strong supporters would say Moore was outstanding, a constant threat in attack and a herculean performance in defence.Navan Cosmos returned to the top of the table with a 3-0 win against Muirhevnamor in the MDL grounds on Sunday. The score line does not tell the full story of the match as Cosmos needed 2 last minute […]Balbriggan F.C. kept their unbeaten run this year going with a 1-3 win away from home to Boyne Rovers. Balbriggan took an early lead when Sean Cannon found himself in acres of space in the centre of the […]St MacDaras – Show Racism the Red Card 2015 My name is Audrey Delaney and I’m a secondary school teacher in St Mac Daras Community College in Dublin, Ireland. My 5th Year Students had some concerns about racism so they ,the students wrote this song, added the music and did all the research and artwork themselves. I am extremely proud of this…Newfoundwell made it 3 finals in 4 years when they overcame Kingscourt harps in the Kilmessan Shield Semi Final. In windy conditions at St Josephs school field home of Newfoundwell, they got off to a […]