Love, RosieChristian DitterPlot SummaryBased on the bestselling novel and from the writer of P.S. I Love You, Love, Rosie is a heart-warming, modern and romantic comedy-of-errors. Since the age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?Rotten Tomatoes Movie ReviewsTOMATOMETERTop Critics' ReviewsRotten: Watching lifelong friends, clearly destined for each other, miss the romantic boat over and over is entertaining at first, but soon their tortuous and silly road to the inevitable provokes only impatience. – Sheri Linden, Los Angeles Times, Feb 5, 2015Rotten: Ditter has made a handful of popular comedies in Germany, and while he's able to maintain a certain rhythm and polish, there's ultimately nothing in Love, Rosie that distinguishes it much from your average in-flight movie. – Jordan Mintzer, Hollywood Reporter, Feb 4, 2015Rotten: The message is more pedestrian than passionate: Life is long, and full of instant messages. – Abby Garnett, Village Voice, Feb 3, 2015Customer ReviewsTruly amazingby Sarabella105This was the best movie I have ever seen. I read the book and have waited six months for this movie to come out. It was truly the best movie ever. Now I need to back myself up by saying that I am huge romance movie fan and also a huge Lily Collins fan. So this probably contributed to why I loved the movie so much. But the friendship between Alex and Rosie is so loveable and real. The entire movie it's like you are rooting for them to be together. This movie is an emotional roller coaster.Lacks substanceby Reviewer#4563241Really strange movie, about love being drawn out through out the hardships of life played by two beautiful people. Oddly Lily doesn't age one bit, 15 years go by and she looks exactly the same. Serious topics such as divorce and teenage pregnancy are made to be silly and light-hearted which was confusing.Feelgood movieby kl7899A feelgood movie about friendship, family and love. I can not agree with the critics, I enjoyed it a lot. The characters are very likeable, the story is romantic without being cheesy and the movie left me with a smile on my face. if you are looking something to brighten your mood, it is a good choice.