Fannie Mae & Freddie MacUp To $100,000,000%CMBS FixedUp To $100,000,000%Life Companies FixedUp To $75,000,000%Bank Loans FixedUp To $50,000,000Options On Commercial Real Estate Loans And Refinancing To $100MMWhether you need a new commercial real estate loan or you are seeking to refinance an existing loan, we are ready to expedite the process for you so you can handle business and keep your project on track. We will also help you with your development and construction loans. In addition, we work with major private and institutional funding sources to provide bridge loans to float your project while awaiting a more permanent financing option. With so many options now available for larger commercial loans, traditional commercial bank loans are becoming less and less necessary for borrowers. Many of our clients have loans coming due and are benefiting from these historically low fixed rate options available with great LTV ratios in some sectors. Regardless of the commercial loan option you choose, we plan on making it fit your goals and project needs.Matching You Up With The Right Commercial Real Estate Loan ChoiceWe have commercial mortgage lender experts ready to help you decide on the choice that will work for your situation. Most projects requiring capital above $1MM are not suitable for cookie-cutter financing vendors. Our specialists understand, each client and each project are unique, and you need someone who understands this on the other end. This is why we have specialists who are familiar with the different aspects of commercial and investment property loans. You can use the Live Chat feature and speak with one now. Even when other lenders don’t quite understand your needs or comprehend your vision, we are here. We have experienced some of the more unconventional ideas turn into huge profit centers for our clients. These are just a few of the areas where we can help:Corporate HeadquartersHospitality LendingOffice BuildingsIndustrial/Light Industrial ParksRetail Parks/Strip MallsFlex Space Office ParksWarehouseStorage FacilitiesMixed Use PropertiesMultifamily BuildingsMultifamily Apartment ComplexesSubsidized HousingSenior Housing/Senior Living FacilitiesStudent Housing ComplexesMobile Home ParksOwner Occupied/RentalAgain these are just a few of the investment property loans we can accommodate. Feel free to contact us if you have a project in mind and you need any type of commercial real estate loans.Current Commercial Real Estate Loan RatesRecent economic events have created a perfect storm that many commercial property investors and developers are taking full advantage of. It is fortunate for those looking to finance a new or existing project, with rates stabilizing at the current lows. Fortunately commercial mortgage lenders are offering great fixed rates, and even better variable options. Most in the know will not pass up the chance for a fixed 4%, or even lower, while they have the chance. With 100’s of billions of dollars of loans coming due within the next 3 years, it may be a borrowers’ paradise, with multifamily loans being the clear winner. Hospitality and lodging are also in a great position as well. Of course, with over $300BN in Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities coming due shortly, the only borrowers who may face difficulty will be the riskier loan markets of retail and industry, who are recommended to get their loans situated now before the saturation of the much more secure mortgages come to bear.01Name (required)*full name2Email (required)*a valid email address3Phone Number*phone4Message*something more5Loan Type*loan type6State*select your state78Clients or applicants can also use this form to upload any of their loan documents here >9Files*upload files hereUpload1011You can also use our detailed contact form to apply, or to be matched with one of our specialized representatives.12Why Choose Us?There are a number of reasons why your business might need a commercial loan. Maybe a commercial property that you are interested in purchasing becomes available, or you may need a commercial real estate loan for another Florida business that your company wishes to take over. You may even need commercial loans in Florida so that you are able to expand your current location and grow your business. Commercial loans in Florida and elsewhere can be used in a variety of ways to expand your business. Just as there are a number of reasons why you might need commercial loans in Florida, there are a number of sources from which you can obtain the funding you need. A traditional option has always been to obtain commercial loans from a local bank. The process is the same wherever your business goes. First, you organize your materials – information about the investment that you intend to make, information about your business and its credit, possibly your own credit information as well. Then you fill out a lengthy commercial loan application.Once it’s been filled out, you’ll have an interview with a loan officer. During the interview, you’ll go over the loan application and answer any additional questions that the loan officer may have. Then the real research will begin – the lender will look into every detail of the conversation and of the loan application so that they can feel confident that there is no risk to them when they extend a loan to you. The process is similar with many other funding companies that you’ll find: an application process and a review process. And, while they conduct the review to determine whether or not to approve commercial loans – in Florida and in other states – your competitors will learn about the opportunities that you are pursuing and you will be left to hope that they are unable to secure funding before you do. However, there is another option for obtaining commercial loans in Florida and elsewhere. Commercial Lending Source offers another means of financing your business’ investments.Rather than a lengthy application, you’ll be asked to fill in a short form to provide information about the investment opportunity and your business. They’ll investigate the potential of the investment, and within a matter of days you’ll know whether or not you will have the funding you need to move forward. Often, within a week, you’ll have access to the funds of your commercial loan. When you need access to funding for your commercial real estate loans, you need to know that the finances will be available quickly. You need to know that you will be able to make a decision: to act and to move on a possibility before the opportunity is gone. When you are able to secure the funding that you need, you will find that it’s easier to grow your business – whether you purchase properties, land or even existing businesses. You’ll also find that you have an advantage over your competition – an edge that will make doing business even more exciting. Why settle for traditional means of obtaining commercial loans in Florida or anywhere else? Choose Commercial Lending Source, and get the funding you need when you need it.×01Name (required)*full name2Email (required)*a valid email address3Phone Number*phone4Message*something more5Loan Type*loan type6State*select your state78Clients or applicants can also use this form to upload any of their loan documents here >9Files*upload files hereUpload1011You can also use our detailed contact form to apply, or to be matched with one of our specialized representatives.