Jeb Bush: We will lose our liberties if we control the borderJeb Bush made a series of astonishing remarks about immigration Wednesday. Actually, his comments were not so much about immigration as they were about illegal aliens.First he said he wanted to repopulate Detroit with illegal aliens.It just seems to me that maybe if you open up our doors in a fair way and unleashed the spirit of peoples' hard work, Detroit could become in really short order, one of the great American cities again," Bush said then. "Now it would look different, it wouldn't be Polish...But it would be just as powerful, just as exciting, just as dynamic. And that's what immigration does and to be fearful of this, it just seems bizarre to me.Now, if we were talking about legal immigration, I would probably agree. But I think you and I both know whom Jeb was talking about "opening the doors" for. Illegal aliens are already roosting in our inner cities in the millions. Jeb simply wants to accelerate the process. But wait, there's more.He said, during a discussion with Univision, that it was "ridiculous" to think that DREAMers, children brought to the U.S. by their parents illegally, shouldn't have an "accelerated path" to citizenship."I've never felt like the sins of the parents should be ascribed to the children, you know," Bush said in 2013. "If your children always have to pay the price for adults decisions they make — how fair is that? For people who have no country to go back to — which are many of the DREAMers — it's ridiculous to think that there shouldn't be some accelerated path to citizenship."So if the parents commit a crime, like robbing a bank, and give the money to the kids, we can't take the money away, because it's not fair to the kids. If illegals bring their kids here so they can benefit from the American taxpayer, there is no reason why we should let those kids benefit. Period. I don't call them DREAMers, the liberal word for them that Jeb is so comfortable with. I call them NIGHTMARERS.But here's the most incredible statement:Other comments included that Bush declared that "it's not possible in a free country to completely control the border without us losing our freedoms and liberties."Bush thinks we lose our liberties when we secure our borders? Really? What about all the freedom and security we've lost by having an open border, as we've had for years?Don't all the violent gangs and drug dealers coming across the border cause us to lose liberty?Don't all the people coming across the border and then going on welfare cause us to lose our economic liberty?Don't all the terrorists overstaying their visas and crashing planes into the World Trade Center cause 3,000 people to lose their liberty, as well as their lives?Don't all the people coming across the border to take jobs that would otherwise go to Americans also cost us liberty?Don't all the people who come across the border, refuse to assimilate, and create pockets of foreign culture in a foreign language in our cities cost us our liberty?Don't all the people who come across our border and then illegally vote in our elections, and/or demand citizenship so they can do that, also cost us our liberty?When Jeb Bush talks about freedom and liberty, he's only talking about the freedom and liberty of illegal aliens. He doesn't show the slightest concern for the freedom and liberty of American citizens. It's only by controlling the border that we can ensure our liberty. But Jeb is obviously not the man to do that.Jeb Bush made a series of astonishing remarks about immigration Wednesday. Actually, his comments were not so much about immigration as they were about illegal aliens.First he said he wanted to repopulate Detroit with illegal aliens.It just seems to me that maybe if you open up our doors in a fair way and unleashed the spirit of peoples' hard work, Detroit could become in really short order, one of the great American cities again," Bush said then. "Now it would look different, it wouldn't be Polish...But it would be just as powerful, just as exciting, just as dynamic. And that's what immigration does and to be fearful of this, it just seems bizarre to me.Now, if we were talking about legal immigration, I would probably agree. But I think you and I both know whom Jeb was talking about "opening the doors" for. Illegal aliens are already roosting in our inner cities in the millions. Jeb simply wants to accelerate the process. But wait, there's more.He said, during a discussion with Univision, that it was "ridiculous" to think that DREAMers, children brought to the U.S. by their parents illegally, shouldn't have an "accelerated path" to citizenship."I've never felt like the sins of the parents should be ascribed to the children, you know," Bush said in 2013. "If your children always have to pay the price for adults decisions they make — how fair is that? For people who have no country to go back to — which are many of the DREAMers — it's ridiculous to think that there shouldn't be some accelerated path to citizenship."So if the parents commit a crime, like robbing a bank, and give the money to the kids, we can't take the money away, because it's not fair to the kids. If illegals bring their kids here so they can benefit from the American taxpayer, there is no reason why we should let those kids benefit. Period. I don't call them DREAMers, the liberal word for them that Jeb is so comfortable with. I call them NIGHTMARERS.But here's the most incredible statement:Other comments included that Bush declared that "it's not possible in a free country to completely control the border without us losing our freedoms and liberties."Bush thinks we lose our liberties when we secure our borders? Really? What about all the freedom and security we've lost by having an open border, as we've had for years?Don't all the violent gangs and drug dealers coming across the border cause us to lose liberty?Don't all the people coming across the border and then going on welfare cause us to lose our economic liberty?Don't all the terrorists overstaying their visas and crashing planes into the World Trade Center cause 3,000 people to lose their liberty, as well as their lives?Don't all the people coming across the border to take jobs that would otherwise go to Americans also cost us liberty?Don't all the people who come across the border, refuse to assimilate, and create pockets of foreign culture in a foreign language in our cities cost us our liberty?Don't all the people who come across our border and then illegally vote in our elections, and/or demand citizenship so they can do that, also cost us our liberty?When Jeb Bush talks about freedom and liberty, he's only talking about the freedom and liberty of illegal aliens. He doesn't show the slightest concern for the freedom and liberty of American citizens. It's only by controlling the border that we can ensure our liberty. But Jeb is obviously not the man to do that.