Total Cost: $560.08The Highlights:From there we spent 4 nights in Hopkins village where we first got to the sea. We got out to experience the local Garifuna culture, went sea kayaking, hiked in Cockscomb Basin, and had a great 4th of July Barbeque.Next stop was down the coast to Placencia for our final 3 days in Belize. Placencia takes our prize for best stop. We really loved Placencia, we even took time to talk with a realtor… just to see… about maybe someday… The town had jut the right level of tourist stuff with plenty to do without being overwhelming. The town still felt like it had a good local presence, along with some good cheap street food and reasonable drinks. Adam needed a reasonable priced bar so he could try all the beers of Belize! Going snorkeling in the Silk Cayes was a perfect day trip!Still unsure if killing a chicken on a chicken bus is a highlight or lowlight…..We will let you be the judge of that.* A special THANKS! to our Belize Sponsors who helped us a great deal on rooms and activities in their beautiful county!I know we love to read other people’s breakdowns, and so we knew we had to keep track of this data to share with everyone! It is hard…but we have a little notepad in our backpack at all times!Hannah recently posted..Getting Messed Up on MezcalPaulaThese prices are for two people, and do not include our flights. The one night we paid for a hotel it was $23 for a private room with bath & fan on the beach in Placencia. So depends on what your must haves are for a hotel, it can be done quite cheap. Let me know if you have any other questions.Hannah recently posted..60 Seconds in Paradise: FijiAmyMy husband and I are getting ready to head down to Central America so appreciate the cost breakdown to have a bit of an idea on budget. What places did you stay in Belize? I’m curious what you mean when you mention ‘sponsors’ – are you staying with local families?What parts of Belize are you interested in visiting? I would suggest Caye Caulker over Amberg. Caye much cheaper and overall better vibe we thought. We also really liked Placencia! If you want more jungle head to San Ignacio. We did some photography work for hotels therefore had partners we stayed with in exchange.Hannah recently posted..Year 1 recap of our RTW tripAmyPosted at 09:14h, 02 AugustAh, cool! Thanks for the advice on places to check out. We don’t have anything confirmed yet, just browsing for places at the moment which is why I was curious.KailaI am planning a trip to Belize this summer and was wondering if you had an average breakdown of prices for things like a single meal and different types of drinks, some highight activties and transportation. More specific daily budget? Belize looks amazing, I cant wait to start my adventure!Food you can get by with $10-15 USD a person mainly eating street or local restaurants no problem. Rooms for a private room in a hostel more like $20-30 for fan. Anything else in specific email us!Hannah recently posted..Feeling like a douchebag tourist