Chapter 8 - Domestic ChaosHey! I'm back with another chapter. Thanks for putting up with these slow updates. I've been really busy, especially with school and family stuff. The new semester just started and I have some really hard classes right now. Also, From now on I will most likely be updating about every 4 weeks. This chapter is dedicated to @muskuteers Go read her book Twitter Questions!The last few days have been crazy. Between recording new songs, and promoting the new album, I haven't had much time to spend with the boys. They're extremely busy too, so it's hard to find time. It doesn't help that every time I do have a break, I just want to sleep and rest. That's me, the lazy lady at home. Although, no one with my profession can be considered the least bit lazy.This was one of those rare moments of peace. I was sitting on my couch, lost in thought. Suddenly, the sound of Louis' high-pitched scream broke me out of my thoughts. I picked up my phone, wondering when Louis had changed my ringtone, and making a mental note to change it later. "When did you change my ring tone?" I asked, not bothering to say hello."I missed that annoying voice. Oh and I believe it was that night I was over at your place. Guess I haven't called recently. You like it?" He replied, also skipping the overly used greeting."Love it." I said, sarcasm evident in my voice."Good. Sooooo, I was wondering if well um..." He voice faded off as he considered what to say next."Out with it! What do you want?""No need to be rude. I was getting there.""Well get there faster." I said, growing more and more impatient."Impatient are we? Well anyway, would you mind if the boys and I stayed at your place for a bit?" He asked."I thought you're staying at that really nice hotel? What made you decide to leave it?" I inquired."Well, it wasn't really our choice." He nervously giggled on the other end of the line."Do I even want to know?" I asked, already knowing I probably didn't want to know."Long story so probably not. In short, it involved the concierge, a water gun battle, roller skates, and a hole in the wall.""Don't forget the part when you hit the guy painting the lobby, and spilled paint all over the white marble floor." I heard Niall pipe up somewhere on the other end of the line."And how is this supposed to make me want to let you live in my house?""It's not. But you're still going to let us stay with you because we're awesome and you love us." He informed me, somewhat pleadingly."Fine, but if you ruin anything, I will not only kick you out, but also get a restraining order against all five of you.""Great! We're on our way. See you very soon." Louis said, a hint of mischief in his voice.Just as I hung up, the doorbell rang. I opened the door to see all five boys surrounded by their luggage on my doorstep. "How did you know I'd say yes?" I asked as I let them in."I didn't. My plan was to beg if you didn't.""Darn it. I should've said no. What I'd do to see that.""Too bad. You already said yes." He said it as he stuck his tongue out at me."Don't make me regret it."I showed them to their rooms. Luckily I had enough extra bedrooms for all of them. Sometimes I get a lot of houseguests, so I'm always prepared. It also helped that my house was practically a mansion. It might actually be nice having them here. It can get kind of lonely being alone in this house. Plus, now I would finally have more time to get to know the boys a bit better. As soon as I got to know them more, I would tell them who I really am. It doesn't really matter if they know, but I couldn't risk them telling the press. You never know what someone might do.