Item informationPlease enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or lessPlease enter a quantity of 1Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ per buyerPlease enter quantity of 1 or morePlease enter a lower numberChoose quantity that is less than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$You can only choose quantity that is equal to $qty_dummy$This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabBambinex Wrap - one sizeONE NAPPIE - 4 SIZES.NEW BORN-POTTY TRAINING."Easy on - Easy off"Bambinex Natural Strech: ecological diaper in bamboo stretchBambinex® diapers are made of terry cloth from bamboo fibers. An informed choice ... Bamboo grows quickly and naturally. Without fertilizers or pesticides, plunder without soil and without monoculture.A natural panacea ...Bamboo is naturally antibacterial and hypoallergenic.Bamboo has a very gentle and healing nature.Bamboo absorbs more moisture than cotton.Bamboo maintains these unique properties, even after frequent use and washing. Even more, the absorbent properties are enhanced!The right choice, the washable nappy with biodegradable absorbent clothToday's reusable nappies are no longer the cotton cloths of yesteryear with their bad reputation.The method has made ​​tremendous progress and can count on more and more acclaim. And rightly so ... as their benefits have to offer reusable diapers.Bambinex® is an innovative concept of reusable diapers with some unique features.With Bambinex® nappies are no longer a necessary evil, but a way to give your baby at birth optimal protection and maximum comfort.1 nappy, 4 sizesFrom New born to potty training …Two major advantages: low cost and high durability.So easy to keep cleanTo make the bamboo or microfibre fabric fully absorbent all nappies and boosters should be laundered three times before use. The nappies and wraps can be machine washed at 40°C. The nappies and boosters may also be tumble-dried. The paper liners are biodegradable and may be flushed down the toilet or put on the compost heap.Questions and answers about this itemQ: Hi Does the absorbent pad come with the nappy? Wanting for a two year old who floods pampers every night. What is the most absorbent size Kind regards SueA: hi, i will try to be has helpfull has i can. yes the nappie cover do come with a absorbent pad. theu will fit up four year old, the most absorbent pad? this you will have to work out which one works best for you. thanks.... Continue readingBy submitting your bid, you'll be contractually committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By submitting your bid, you're committing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. You've read and agree to the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.By clicking Confirm, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm, you're committing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase your maximum bid amount.