Latest NewsRecent NewsRicky Rubio (ankle) will not play against the Magic on Friday.This is not a surprise and today's update that Gary Neal is ahead of Rubio suggests the point guard will be out for a couple more games. Keep him on the wire while Zach LaVine can remain owned in all leagues. Apr 3 - 7:01 PMRicky Rubio (ankle) has been upgraded to questionable for Friday's game against the Magic.Rubio has been sidelined since March 18, so even if he is able to suit up, he'd more than likely be with a minutes limit making him a risky option in most leagues. We're not expecting him to play with the Timberwolves playing for ping-pong balls, but we'll update his status as needed. Stay tuned. Apr 3 - 12:46 PMRicky Rubio (ankle) and Kevin Garnett (illness, knee) are being listed as doubtful for Friday's game vs. the Magic.Rubio is reportedly getting close to a return, but with this update, we don't expect him to be in uniform for Friday's game. Zach LaVine will continue to start for the Timberwolves, and he should be owned in most leagues, while Rubio is a drop-candidate in nearly all formats. Garnett hasn't played since March 7, and he belongs on the waiver wire in all leagues. Apr 2 - 4:55 PMTimberwolves head coach Flip Saunders said Ricky Rubio( ankle) is on the verge of returning, but the team's medical staff has held him out.Cynics would question whether it's the medical staff or the front office holding Rubio out, but Flip framed the decision as purely medical. "All they're saying is he's not ready to play at the level that he needs to play at right now," Saunders said. "He's not going to have the explosiveness he had, just because you never catch up that when you get hurt in this part of the season." Minnesota has nothing to play for, so there's a good chance that we don't see Rubio again this season. Zach LaVine will continue to starting in his place, while Rubio can be dropped by fantasy owners who need every game they can get right now. Apr 2 - 10:28 AMDepth ChartsThis is not a surprise and today's update that Gary Neal is ahead of Rubio suggests the point guard will be out for a couple more games. Keep him on the wire while Zach LaVine can remain owned in all leagues.Shabazz Muhammad had surgery to repair a ruptured ligament in his middle finger.He will miss the rest of the season and the Wolves currently do not have a healthy backup small forward behind Andrew Wiggins besides Glenn Robinson III. Muhammad made some nice strides this season, but he's going to have a tough time gaining value in standard leagues with his lack of diversity on the stat sheet.Gorgui Dieng (concussion) will not play Friday vs. the Magic, as expected.He was for some reason listed as questionable earlier, but he never really had a shot at suiting up for this one. The Wolves don't play again until Tuesday vs. the Kings, so there's a chance Dieng clears the league's concussion protocol by then, and we'll be considering him questionable. With Dieng out, Adreian Payne and Justin Hamilton will get plenty of run.Anthony Bennett (ankle) will not suit up for Friday's game vs. Orlando, as expected.With Bennett out, expect Adreian Payne and Justin Hamilton to get all the run they can handle as the few standing healthy bodies in Minnesota's frontcourt. Bennett belongs on the waiver wire in all leagues.Nikola Pekovic will undergo surgery next Wednesday to remove damage and repair his right Achilles tendon, and he will be out indefinitely.Pekovic has already been ruled out for the remainder of the 2014-15 season, but it's not currently known at what point he'll be able to resume on-court basketball activities during the offseason. Depending on the damage that is discovered during the "debridement" surgery, there's a chance this becomes a career-threatening issue, so we'll be monitoring this situation closely. We wish Pekovic the best, but after only managing to suit up for 31 games this season, he's just far too much of an injury risk to be considered an option during next year's draft in standard fantasy leagues.