weekending :: the winter beachThe murmur of the waves and the calling of the gulls. The sand beneath my feet and the wind tangling my hair. Salt on my lips and pebbles between my fingers: I’ve always been a beach girl, happiest beside the shore. I love the beach in the summertime, when we spend as much time as we can by the sea, but there’s something truly special about the beach in winter.This weekend, a return to my childhood seaside haunts was the perfect tonic after weeks of chill grey days. Too cold to bathe in the sea, we bathed instead in the glorious light which had that magical quality found only at the intersection of sea and sky. The boys’ hair was aglow, the waves glittered and danced. The mirrored sand glassily reflected jagged breakwaters, bright beach huts and the leggy stilts of the pier.The children dug for treasures in the sand; chased across the expanse of beach; waded in the shallows and built towers of pebbles. We inhaled the saline air and gazed at the sparkling sea. Returning home, we brought a little of the winter beach back with us, not just in remnants of sand or handfuls of shells, but in a sense of elemental wellness.We went to the beach this weekend too. It was sunny but blowing a gale – it felt more like trekking across the Artic wastes than walking on a Mediterranean beach. No birds, no shells, no photos! Your beach looks much nicer.This brought back memories of going in February to the Jersey shore. Many times our midwinter break would seem to coincide with a thaw. Some how an arcade or two would be open and our pockets would empty but what fun.INSTAGRAM (@circleofpines)FOLLOW THIS BLOGPOPULAR POSTS TODAYBLOG ARCHIVE:I WRITE HERE:All text and images used on this site are my own and are (c) Circle of Pine Trees unless otherwise stated. You are welcome to link to anything but I would request that you seek permission before reproducing any text or images.I may occasionally work with brands and companies whose products and services are closely aligned with my personal lifestyle and with the blog’s style and subject matter. I only ever promote items which I truly like or use, and I only endorse brands which I genuinely identify with and support. I always give my honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on topics or products. Paid for or sponsored posts are clearly identified, and items gifted to me for the purpose of review are always disclosed. Thank you for visiting.