Protect Your Community from Dangerous SmogRight now, more than 1 out of every 3 Americans is at increased risk from dangerous smog pollution, which is linked to asthma attacks and other serious heart and lung diseases. Their age, health conditions, or work environments put them in danger every day -- just because of the air they're breathing.Americans have a right to know whether the air they are breathing may be dangerous to their health and the current smog standard does not provide the public health protection we need. The EPA has issued a new proposal that could help us reduce smog pollution, but it doesn't go far enough. Help change that.Take action today: Tell the EPA you support stronger smog standards.Dear [Decision Maker],I'm writing today in regards to your proposal to update our national smog (ground-level ozone) standards from their current level of 75 parts per billion (ppb) to 65 to 70 ppb. I'm asking that you take this further, to 60 ppb a standard that would provide the strongest protections for Americans and be in line with what leading medical associations like the American Lung Association recommend.As you well know, smog is a dangerous air pollutant that is linked to premature deaths, asthma attacks, and other serious heart and lung diseases. It is estimated that more than 140 million people live in areas with unhealthy levels of smog pollution. The very air they breathe is putting them in danger.America has decades of experience innovating to clean up the air in a highly cost-effective manner and can do so again to reduce smog pollution. Your work, from the Tier 3 tailpipe standards to the proposed Clean Power Plan, has helped enormously. A strong smog standard will help ensure Americans know whether the air they are breathing is safe and drive much-needed pollution reductions.Step 2: Confirm Your SignatureDOUBLE YOUR IMPACT!thank you for caringINCREASE YOUR IMPACTThank you, .Protect Your Community from Dangerous SmogSIGNATURES, please answer these quick questionsSIGN NOWFirst NameLast NameEmailCountryStreet AddressCitySending...Share my signature on FacebookSPONSORED BY:embed this petition onto your site or blogMake a difference for the issues you care about while adding cool interactive content. Your readers sign without ever leaving your site. It's simple, just choose your widget size and color and copy the embed code to your site or blog.