Advertising Reporting Platform Gets UpdatedExactDrive’s Self-Serve Advertising Platform now offers real-time advertising and campaign reporting. Defaulted by Eastern Standard Time and updated hourly, the advertising and campaign reporting sections display analytics on advertiser, campaign ad creative levels. Impressions, clicks, and conversion data is provided along with creative attribution and transparent domain level analytics. In short, users are able to easily pull reports at-will for any advertiser and campaign being managed, down to the domain level or performance per creative. Any report pulled is exportable and can be adjusted and branded to the users’ needs.The NEW Face of Robust Advertising Analytic ReportingA major advantage of online advertising is the ability to reach a wide audience for a fraction of what it would cost in traditional advertising. Another beneficial element of online advertising is the ability to quickly and accurately measure the performance of online marketing programs. There are several ways to trace, measure and test results, which allows for an easier process to optimize online advertising campaigns and estimate return on investment (ROI).Available Date/Time Ranges: Month to Date, Month to Yesterday, Yesterday, 7 Days and Custom. *Site Domain Performance Data is only stored on a Rolling 30-Day basis. Historical data older than 30 days is not available.Restricted or Unavailable Domains: Certain publishers, exchanges, and websites do not provide or allow domain data to be passed onto our Ad Platform. So, when pulling this report, there is a possibility that Impression Total data may be classified as “Unavailable.”Performance ComponentsWhen running an Analytics Report, a Performance Metric can be selected to base the report on and is defined below.Advertiser (Line Item): Performance Metric results for a specific Advertiser (client) and/or a specific Campaign for a given AdvertiserCampaign: Performance Metric results as it relates to a specific Advertiser.Creative: Performance Metric results for how each individual creative performed for a given previously run Advertiser and/or Campaign.Attribution Reporting: Performance Metric results for how a campaign/creative performed in relation to a specific Advertiser or vice versa.