Delivery InformationFor individual orders under £49.00 a standard delivery charge of £4.95 will apply.Please note these delivery charges are for Products purchased through our websites only. Free delivery is not available from our factory shops or other outlets.We aim to deliver all orders within 3-5 working days of receipt of your order (Monday to Friday between 8.00am and 6.00pm UK time). Every effort will be made to deliver the goods within this timescale. However, we will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by you through any reasonable or unavoidable delay in delivery. We will inform you of any delay as soon as possible.Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you gave us. If there is no one at the address given when we attempt to deliver the Products, the postman or courier should notify you of an alternative delivery date, an alternative place to collect the Products, or details of how to arrange an alternative delivery date.We may deliver orders of Products by instalments each of which shall be deemed to be the subject of a separate Contract and, unless otherwise agreed in writing, no failure by us in any one or more instalments shall entitle you to repudiate any Contract for Products previously delivered or to refuse to accept any undelivered Products (although this does not affect your rights under “Cancelling your order” above and/or any of your statutory rights).Returns PolicyIf the products were already delivered to you, once we have received your cancellation notification, we will then arrange to have the package(s) collected by a nominated carrier and delivered to us. After contacting the customer services team you need to:Re-package the Product(s) in their original boxes along with the despatch note or order acknowledgement) stating the reason for the return. In the case of a defective product, please provide a full description of the fault;Make sure you wrap the package securely;Label the package(s) with your Sage Pay reference number and collection reference number that will be supplied to you by the customer service representative. There is no need to address the parcel.Please note the following:Unless the Products are faulty or not as described, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products to us or, where relevant, the cost of us collecting the Products from you. We charge £7.95 per collection. We may deduct this from any refund that we give to you;You have a legal obligation to keep the Products in your possession and to take reasonable care of the Products while they are in your possession.Products purchased from our websites can only be returned directly to Portmeirion Group UK Limited and not to subsidiaries, independent retailers, concessions, stockists, factory shops or alike.