Diet - a four letter word. Why stay on the path that leads so many to failure?If you are ready to get off the pointless cycle of failure diets, stop what you’re doing and spend 5 minutes reading this material. It just might change your life.Dieting sucks. Not eating (as much) leads to hunger cravings... and inevitably to a vicious cycle of fighting with your own body.1 And too often dieting means changing your eating habits in ways that are not just unpleasant and unfamiliar - but might even damage your metabolism and harm your overall health.1, 2Ironically, dieting has you eating less while thinking about food constantly. Not a recipe for success!My name is Keith Marz, the founder of Marz Sprays, but people call me the “Weight Loss Magician” because of Marz Sprays’ revolutionary “Holistic” method to lose weight - and keep it off!At Marz Sprays we have worked with Medical Weight Loss Clinics for over a decade, and unlike 99% of the diets out there (and that don’t work),5,6,8 Marz Sprays were developed with a team of doctors, nutritionists and weight loss professionals at Medical Weight Loss Clinics that have served hundreds of thousands of people.And the most important lesson we have learned is:Nearly everything you know about diets is dead wrong.The tragic fact is that people push themselves through incredible amounts of stress and spend huge amounts of time, energy and money doing things that will harm their health and end in failure.2,5,6,8 We have seen first-hand the damage the Failure Diets inflict on people, and all because of the misinformation, hype, and desire for quick-fix solutions that surround the Diet Industry. In fact, usually people are headed in the wrong direction from day one because they start by looking for a diet that will work for them.But that’s not even the right problem.No matter what diet you choose, chances are you’ll fail.5,6,8WARNING: The facts in the pages that follow will challenge common beliefs you have been taught for decades. If you want to lose weight and keep it off, this information can change your life. But this program is not for everyone. Any program that can transform your body and your life is not for lazy unmotivated people, or those looking for a magic silver bullet. If that’s you then please move on. But if you are ready to take control of your body and your life for good, and if you are ready to look and feel healthier, then keep reading...Let’s start by making clear some basic but little-known facts.Four Ugly Secrets the Diet Industry Doesn’t Want You to KnowUgly Secret #1Diets Don’t WorkThe fact is that 96% of all diets end in failure.5,6,8 Dieters eventually give up and go back to their old habits and gain the weight back.Actually, research shows that most people gain back even more weight!5,6 Dieting can screw up your metabolism, and coming off a diet can mean gorging out even more.And most of us know that diets don’t work, even if we don’t want to admit it.The most common dieting outcome? Yo-yo weight, up and down and up and down. And these weight fluctuations are extremely unhealthy.5Ugly Secret #2The diet industry is supposed to help you lose weight, right? But success is clearly elusive. Dieters are getting more numerous - there are more than 108 million in the US alone, nearly a third the population.8And they are getting heavier. 8Sounds like a conflict of interest, doesn’t it?Because there are huge dollars at stake: the Diet Industry has grown to over $66 billion in the United States8 - and meanwhile, the obesity epidemic, the world’s #1 chronic health problem, has grown to a worldwide phenomenon affecting 2.1 billion overweight people, of which 671 million are obese.9In the United States the typical dieter tries 4-5 different diets per year.8 And most of them gain back more weight than they lost within 4-5 years.5,6 Not only are dieters getting fatter, the Diet Industry is getting fatter too.8,60It’s time to get off the path of the Failure Diets.Ugly Secret #3One Size Does Not Fit AllA fundamental flaw in nearly every diet is the idea that one solution could possibly work for everyone.If you’re a 140lb woman trying to lose 25lbs, is the solution for you really the same as a 245lb man trying to lose 60lbs? Does a 33 year-old really need the same things as a 65 year-old?The truth is that people are different. Your age, gender, genetics, ethnicity, hormones, body type, history of eating habits and even history of dieting all contribute to the very unique person you are.In fact, one size doesn’t even fit the same person day after day. What your body needs now, when you’re beginning your weight loss goals, is different than what you need when you’re closing in on your goal. And this is different still when you’re simply maintaining your ideal weight.1, 11Your individual needs will also change day by day, depending on the season, what you’ve eaten, your exercise, your mood, your level of stress, and other things going on in your life.Ugly Secret #4It’s not just what you eat.Almost every diet focuses exclusively on what you eat, and how much you eat. A few are a little broader in scope and include an exercise regimen. You’ve heard the platitude before: the key to weight loss is diet and exercise.This is willful blindness by the Diet Industry. It’s just not that simple. If it was, obesity wouldn’t be a worldwide epidemic affecting 671 million people.9Most people spend only about one hour a day eating.12 This isn’t where diets fail - it’s in the remaining 23 hours you aren’t eating.The fact is, something deeper is going on.Diets and dieters fail for one fundamental reason that is almost never talked about.Most diets fail, but not for the reasons you think.PREJUDICE @ WORK14Overweight People:+ Earn less (affects women even more than men)+ Get fewer promotions+ Viewed as lazy, less competent, and lacking in self-discipline+ Can be fired, suspended, or demoted because of their weightNot because dieters lack discipline or will power.In fact, many dieters are some of the most determined, disciplined, die-hard people we know!Not because people are “ok” with being fat.Our society vilifies obesity. We are constantly bombarded with slim, idealized bodies and told that fatness is unattractive and unhealthy. So there is tremendous social pressure to lose weight. This is one reason one in three people in the United States are dieting!8Not because excess weight has no consequences.Everyone knows that excess weight carries severe health risks.2,4,7,13But there are also very real social prejudices against overweight people.14The real cause of the Failure Diets is called“Adaptive Metabolism”When you lose weight, your body feels “out of balance” and responds by adapting to create the optimal conditions for regaining weight.1 This highly-sophisticated, coordinated response includes complex metabolic, behavioral, neuroendocrine, and autonomic actions that are designed to encourage weight regain.1We call this “Adaptive Metabolism” because your body’s most advanced systems respond in a highly-coordinated effort to thwart sustained weight loss.1,15How your body responds to losing weight†:1Energy Intake (Eating) SignalsYour body disrupts the signals which make you feel “full” or “satisfied”. You feel hungrier (willing to eat more often) and less satiated (willing to eat more at each meal) – even if you’re just trying to maintain your lower body weight.Metabolic RateYour metabolism makes drastic changes to encourage regaining lost weight. Energy used during non-resting activities declines by 30%. Total energy used decreases by over 20%.Skeletal Muscle WorkYour body increases the efficiency of physical movement and related activities, reducing the energy used for the same amount of exercise - and enabling your body to store more energy as fat.Sympathetic Nervous SystemYour sympathetic nervous system, which controls your body’s unconscious actions, reduces its activity by 40%. The parasympathetic nervous system increases activity by 80%, as part of slowing your heart rate and reducing your resting metabolic rate. These changes are part of the body’s overall reduction in metabolic rate.The truth is there’s a MUCH better way to lose weight:Support Your BodyThere is a better way that SUPPORTS your body’s natural ability to burn fat, instead of DEPRIVING it and forcing it to shut-down into a starvation mode of conserving fat and destroying your energy levels.Boost Your MetabolismA way that combats your body’s tendency to metabolic slowdown - including a simple trick that boosts your metabolism by 30% without exercise!3Easy and ConvenientA way that provides SUPER convenient support that can be used by ANYONE, ANY AGE, no matter how much weight you want to lose or how busy you are.Become HealthierThis way promotes your OVERALL HEALTH – so that you don’t just lose weight, you also feel more energetic, younger and healthier - like you’ve got the old “you” back!A much better, easier, more permanent, and healthier way... a “Holistic” way that allows you to...Get your Body back and increase Energy and Focus without starvation dietsYou're NEVER too old, overweight or out of shape to get started.This “Holistic” approach works for anyone, young or old, because it’s built on a foundation of scientifically proven health facts, and uses high-impact, proprietary oral sprays to build individual solutions that are customized for the unique needs of your body.Just ask Gayle, 76 years old, who used just one of the oral sprays and lost 20 pounds!You're about to discover a revolutionary new “holistic” approach to losing weight, turning back the clock and getting your old self back. A way to restore your health and work with your body rather than against it.This remarkable new approach is so fundamental that it doesn't matter if...You've tried diets before but you just couldn’t stick with it and weren't motivated enough...You started losing weight, but then got fed up with boring food and constant hunger...You're frustrated because all the hard work you put into losing weight isn't producing results...You're afraid to try because you feel you are too overweight, too out of shape, or too old...You've got barely a minute to spare in your ultra-busy, hectic day...And this revolutionary way to lose weight begins with a very simple first step:What if it were possible to lose weight without extreme diets, and become healthier and more vibrant along way? If you could lose weight and become stronger, more energic, and healthier in the process, wouldn’t you jump at the chance?Of course you would... which is why Marz Sprays, previously available only in a few medical weight loss clinics in Southern California . . . was featured on Shark Tank and is taking the country by storm.Women are buying new clothes! It's all worth it when the most troublesome spots around the belly, hips and thighs begin slimming down...*Men are fitting into their old clothes, reveling in improved sex drive and feeling more energetic and focused than ever...*50, 60 and 70 year-olds are re-discovering the energy they had decades ago, getting back out into the world, having fun, living life again...*And those who are overweight and out of shape are calling it the best thing to hit the market... FINALLY something gets them out of the cycle of Failure Diets!*A better way to understand health and weight loss:Instead of DEPRIVING your body, give it the support it needs to do its job: burning fat and losing weight!You’re about to discover the foundations to successful weight loss. These cornerstones to overall health and wellness are essential to supporting a healthy, efficient metabolism - which is how your body burns fat and loses weight! The crazy thing is, most people never talk about them - even though many people struggle with these very issues.At Marz Sprays, our goal is to equip you to be successful reaching your weight loss goals - and many more people would lose weight successfully by simply putting the foundations of successful weight loss into practice.