Oil and Acrylic Landscape and Figure ArtistContact Frank: 10 St Thomas park Lymington Hants SO41 9NFFrank CallaghanMy name is Frank Callaghan and I am a painter. I work hard at developing my paintings and I sell and exhibit on a regular basis, both in the area where I live and further afield. I have had paintings selected for exhibition in the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition. These paintings are marked appropriately on the web pages.Through this website I offer others the chance to view my work and, if they wish, using the feedback facility to offer helpful comment and criticism. I also offer the opportunity to purchase my work. Details of how to do this may be found on the gallery pages, and I am happy to consider sensible offers against the prices quoted on the web pages.This site is a link between me, the painter, and you the observer, or possibly a link between me and the would-be collector. I am happy to paint pictures for the home, and equally happy to paint art for the workplace; wherever there is a space that might be enhanced by the personal touch of an original painting. I hope to offer an essentially personal and contemporary touch for any potential onlooker or buyer.My painting is visual – I paint what I see: landscape or people. I like to explore form, colour and tone. My style has become a mixture of photographic realism and post-impressionism. It is straightforward. It is in general not abstract nor does it require interpretation. My paintings fall into two main categories. In my Landscapes I try to express light, atmosphere and activity. Hopefully they allow you to enter the picture and to contemplate and explore the scene, whether a busy city-scape or a pastoral landscape. They are intended to permit the viewer recall, if the viewer is familiar with the scene, or maybe escape if they are not.In my Figure paintings and Portraits I try to be honest to the subject, and I like modestly to try different techniques in order to allow the best outcomes to emerge. Through figure painting I try to express feelings, personality, relationships and hopefully a sense of spirituality.I look forward to your comments and I hope you may wish to purchase my work or commission a painting from me. I am happy to work from photographs if you have a favourite image, or I am willing to work from a mixture of photographs and sketches of the subject.I am happy to consider sensible offers against the prices quoted on the web pages.