- Aston Villa vs ChelseaCookies on Premierleague.comThe Premier League website employs cookies to improve your user experience. We have updated our cookie policy to reflect changes in the law on cookies and tracking technologies used on websites. If you continue on this website, you will be providing your consent to our use of cookies. Find out more.Match TimelineVideosMatch reportBranislav Ivanovic struck a superb winner as Chelsea beat Aston Villa 2-1 and extended their advantage at the top of the Barclays Premier League to seven points.Victory was Jose Mourinho's first at Villa Park in five attempts, and Chelsea's day was made even more enjoyable with Manchester City's surprise 1-1 draw at home with Hull City. Eden Hazard had given the Blues the lead inside 10 minutes, before Jores Okore ended Villa's long goal drought with a header at the start of the second half. Before the defender's effort, Paul Lambert’s side had gone 659 minutes without finding the net, the fourth-longest barren spell in Barclays Premier League history. But for Lambert’s men, the end of their scoreless run will be of little consolation to a side who are winless in nine league matches and just two points above the relegation zone. Chelsea will be buoyed by putting further daylight between themselves and City, as they go in search of a third league title under Mourinho.The visitors made an assured start and were ahead inside eight minutes when Oscar fed Willian, whose pass was swept home first time by Hazard from 10 yards. Villa responded well to going behind and Gabriel Agbonlahor, who was recalled for Christian Benteke as one of three changes, headed Fabian Delph's cross over in the 19th minute.Brad Guzan had to parry Oscar's fierce shot away at the near post three minutes later as the away side went in search of a second, though a stiffened Villa backline kept Chelsea at arm's length until the interval.The Midlands club began the second half brightly and were level within three minutes of the restart. Chelsea failed to clear Carles Gil's corner and as the ball came back to the Spaniard, his cross was headed home at the far post by Okore.Willian twice fired narrowly wide as the London club attempted to retake the lead, and they did not have to wait too long as Ivanovic produced a superb strike. Cesar Azpilicueta's initial cross was blocked by Okore, before the Chelsea man dug out a bouncing ball towards Ivanovic, who sent an excellent left-footed volley into the top left corner from 16 yards.With their lead re-established, Chelsea were content to keep it tight for the rest of the match, and Mourinho was able to give a debut to Juan Cuadrado, who replaced Willian with 10 minutes remaining.Aston Villa manager Paul Lambert: "I have mixed emotions because I thought we deserved something from the game, we played really well. In the second half it looked like only one team was going to get a win, but we conceded a really unfortunate goal."Even last week we had big chances to score. Carles Gil has been a revelation for us, he has been getting better every game. I have to make a decision about where I think we can hurt teams, Gabby Agbonlahor was excellent and his speed caused Chelsea problems. He was a threat, I knew he could not keep it up all the way afterwards, and that is why I changed things. We have top players. Our season will not be defined with what happened against Arsenal and Chelsea, it is about from now on in.Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho: "I like Aston Villa's team. They have very good players. It is difficult to believe Villa are where they are. I wanted to analyse them not because of the points they have, or the goals they don't score, but by the quality of the players. It was a very difficult game, the stadium is a difficult place to go. The referee was very, very good. Very, very good in the way he controlled the emotions of the game."Sooner or later Villa had to score and they did it today. They have so many good players, with runners in attack. They put Benteke on in the second half, they had Cole, Sinclair and Gil behind the striker, three very creative players. It makes it very difficult to play against them, so this is a very important victory for us."It is one more hurdle in the title race, but there are many more. Every game is difficult. It is possibly the only league in Europe where teams from the bottom can play against the top ones and not just make things difficult but win points. I like [that Man City lost points] but that was not my concern today. I was never in the game asking for that result. We have to think about us and focus on our matches."