Amazon.com で最も参考になったカスタマーレビュー (beta)If you are planning to appear for a technical interview at any big software-firm, I highly recommend studying this book.When I started my preparation, the entire process seemed really daunting. There is so much to study, and there is vast amount of study-material available out there. I was really confused on what/how to prepare. A friend of mine suggested me this book and so I read it.To summarize, this book is an awesome compilation of problems, strategies and approaches you must know for doing well in a Tech interview.It starts with chapters focusing on non-coding aspects (company-info, resume, behavioral etc.). I feel that, thoroughly covering just these first 30 pages is suffice for doing well in the 'HR' parts of tech-interviews.After that, it contains 150 questions grouped by categories, covering all the relevant areas. And finally it has useful information, solutions and discussions for all the questions.Qu. "If I memorize solutions for all these questions, Can I crack an Interview?" Ans. No Way!Rather, if you slog through these questions, learning techniques; I am sure you will be able to solve questions on that day.Solving problems through the book, I learnt different [ingenious] approaches. And with practice, I was be able to [/tried to] identify patterns in new questions that I faced.There are already many good reviews before this one, so if you are reading this, I would suggest don't waste your time and just buy this book. If you are preparing for companies such as Amazon/Apple/Facebook/Google/Microsoft, you should definitely go through this book. The quality of this edition is unparalled. It shows how much effort the author (Gayle) has put into this book. I specially like the runnable code she has provided alongwith the book to download and play with.Did I get benefit out of it ?Yes. I read this book for 2-3 weeks and in very first interview opportunity with one of these companies listed above, got the offer.Did I absorb everything discussed in the book ?No. Although I did read 80% of the book, i still feel if I had a bit free time could have absorbed the contents discussed a bit better. So what I mean to say is I am still going to use this book to make myself better (not just for interviews). You can definitely use this book even after you get your dream job (as a reference). Lots of good ideas discussed which may help you in your day to job as well.46 人中、37人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。A great investment2012/3/17投稿者 Larry - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバック Amazonで購入Bought this book 3 weeks before interview. Read the book twice with careful hand-writing practice on each question. Got Amazon offer. The interview had 4 questions and one was in the book. The other 3 were not in the book. This book will not prevent you from getting new questions during interviews. But it does cover most of the common areas that interviewers are interested in. Once you are familiar with the solutions, you have the skills and confidence to solve new questions during interviews.11 人中、10人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。Book is good, but missing some important stuff.2014/5/29投稿者 Apezz - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバックWould have given 5 stars if the book had the full solutions. The author claims that the full solutions are on the website, but all it did was redirect me to another site, with a few solutions from the book written it different languages. I rather have paid a little extra to have the FULL solutions in the book.63 人中、48人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。Very well-written with great code examples/exercises. Not very "real-world" though and needed more depth.2013/9/22投稿者 Will - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバック Amazonで購入I respect this book for being jam packed with lots of info and no filler. It's very well-written, well-organized, and having authored many documents myself, I can tell you that I couldn't have done a better job! All that aside, I gave it 3 stars (instead of 5) because I had some significant issues with the content. I'd recommend skimming/ignoring everything in this book but the code examples. The code examples/exercises are where you'll find the most value in this book.If you're interested in my personal issues with the content, read on:1. The author presents her claims as if she's worldy, having worked for Microsoft, Google, et al. I simply didn't feel this book was very "real-world". I've been consulting for nearly 2 decades, have interviewed dozens of people, and have thus been on both sides of the interview many, many times. In all that time, I never witnessed some of the experiences/conditions that this book pretty much guantees you'll encounter. Some of her advice is simply illogical and makes no sense. I'm not saying she's giving bad info, and the material is presented very well. I'm simply recommending you take what she says with a grain of salt.2. The code style isn't the best. I hesitate to judge here because, not only have I seen SO much worse, but because well-written code doesn't always fit nicely into books. Sometimes everything gets crammed into tight, hard to read, crappy code statements with poor formatting. However, this is THE book (if there ever was a case to be made) that should have made space. EIther that or the author simply doesn't care about code style. Then again, she may thing her code looks wonderful. It's all perspective. Just wanted to include a warning that, given 2 candidates and one write clean code vs. the code in this book, I'd probably pass on hiring this author.3. The code exercises are good. My problem is that the material is basic. Any (good) programmer will already understand everything in this book by the time they get their degree (or equivalent experience). Sure, sorting and searching algorithms are fun. We all live for bit shifting and implementing our own stacks. That said, I can't recall every seeing that come up in an interview. Surely, it can come up and probably does. You may be asked lots of basic, technical questions. The issues is that, while some interviews are easier than others and you should definitely know this stuff, it's really not what I think companies care about. I've seen brilliant people fall flat on their face when approached with a real-world problem. I see morons write better code than PhDs on average. Skills are very, very important...but getting the work done (right and on time) is critical.The material in this book only goes so far. Coding is only a part of what's covered in the interview. I'm not saying the book promised something it didn't deliver. It IS named "Cracking the Coding Interview" and not "Cracking the Interview". However, the author opened up that can of worms when she addressed issues beyond code in this book. I just wish it had more depth to it.