May 29 sacrosanct , says JonathanFollowing the adjustment of the dates for the 2015 general elections by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) from February 14 and 28 to March 28 and April 11, President Goodluck Jonathan has reassured the nation of his commitment to the sanctity of May 29, 2015 as the terminal date of his first term in office. In a statement by Presidential spokesman, Dr Reuben Abati on Sunday, President Jonathan reaffirmed that ” May 29 is, has been, and will remain sacrosanct.” The President appealed to all stakeholders to accept the adjustment of the election dates by INEC in good faith, as according to him, the electoral body has a responsibility to conduct credible elections in which every Nigerian of voting age is afforded the opportunity to exercise their civic right without any form of hindrance. He noted that this is not a time to trade blames or make statements that may overheat the polity, but a time to show understanding and support the electoral commission to conduct the elections successfully. INEC’s decision President said ought not to generate acrimony since it acted within its powers under the law and in consultation with all relevant stakeholders. He called on the international community, civil society and the electorate to continue to support the administration’s commitment to a free, fair, credible, and non-violent electoral process.Jonathan is just a con man who is privileged to find himself in the corridors of political power. Nigerians should never believe a word he says. Ask Obasanjo, Emir Sanusi, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola, Gov Ameachi, and Speaker Aminu Tambuwal just to name a few.ObriMy brethren, no matter what any political party might do, God’s will must prevail in this election.Tunde ImamAll this people You mentioned are they not criminals and filled with mischief as your despeakable name “blackdove”. GEJ Man for all nations. #GEJmyMARCH…… #GEjWINsit_….. #GEJ4NaijablackdoveYou should hide your head in shame for supporting a president who violates the rule of law. While his criminal supporters get a free pass, his political opponents are framed and persecuted.sanitrust me GEJ is chosen by God and that is just the truth, how does postponement of election affect your vote, vote who you want just don’t cause any violence, we need peace if we really want a fair election #GEJ4NaijamojbolThis is shameful. Playing on the citizens intelligence.saniyou are the one playing on your own intelligence, what is so hard in understanding that the security of this nation is in jeopardy and has to be tackled urgently, or are you not in Nigeria and if not don’t you listen to news, its high time we should start telling ourselves the truthmojbolWhich truth are you talking about? The army said they ready for the election after conniving with federal government to change their words. Just to suit the fg. This is not how it works. But I only hope the inec will not biased as the agency continue in their quest for free and fair elections.OmababaPresident Jonathan, d damages you have done to d youth of Nigeria is irreparable. Know also that d bulk of the electorate are d youths you have subjected to harrowing experiences, some of whom died while searching for jobs that doesn’t exist. Worse of all, there were deprived of there hard earned money. You ve 6 yrs to prepared for this day, still u were caught unaware simply because you don’t know how to do it. No amount of shifting will give a second chance.disqus_jXC4L84Cm1AmenNigerian VoiceYou are a confused man, the shift in the poll is not from Jonathan. The shift was done by the INEC and the electoral body has given reasons for that.disqus_jXC4L84Cm1What has a beginning, surely has an end.PANAKIShame, shame, shame. Unbelievable.ODOFIN, LagosNo matter how many times gej shift the election, the voice of the people (same as the will of God) will prevail…I WILL NEVER VOTE for gejdeennuruA former military dictator who curtailed freedom of speech, ordered the kidnapping of opponents and jailing of journalists, who is also accused of incitement to violence and grave human rights violations in Nigeria’s current democratic dispensation…. I say a Big no to Buhari… He would never occupy that position… #Gej4naija #Gejwinsit_http://cyndynews.blogspot.com Akachukwu cynthiapresident jonathan has assured Nigerian’s that he deliver the mantle of leadership come may29th, everything that INEC has done is in the interest of the nation#GEJ4Naija.Doris UdohPresident Jonathan cannot and will never tamper with May 29, a date he honours as a sacred date in Nigerian Democracy. #GEJ4NAIJAwe believe you mr president, you promised to deliver free fair and credible elections and you did that in Edo, Ekiti, and Osun. You are a man of your word and come march we are returning because you have proven that you can be trusted. #GEJ4Naija.mubarakGEJ is a man of his word and will keep his Integrity. #GEJ4Naija #No2buhariSule FaskariThe president has always demonstrated his commitment to the rule of law……Samuel NgeneYES!!! this is what good leadership is all about, appealing to its subjects to Bear with the ADJUSTMENT of the Election,, GEJ is a Humble Leader,, This shows he has interest @ Every Nigerian!!! GEJ is just the Best so far!!! #GEJ4NAIJAdeennuruNo court can even interfere in the affairs of INEC… If APC likes dey should go hug the nearest Transformer…… shift in polls will not affect shift of May29….. Gej has spoken… #gej4naija #Gejwinsit_haruna umaruGEJ is knowN to be a man of his word and he is going to prove it again come May 29th, watch out haters!!! #GEJ4NAIJAAustine OchigboThe commission acted within its sphere of jurisdiction after duly consultation with various stakeholders, therefore the ideal that PDP and Mr. President were the ones behind the action is sarcastic and should be deem baseless. #GEJ4NAIJAmubarakA modell leader. Our eva faithful President. A man of his words.#GEJ4Naija #No2BuhariDonald Ekesonwe all need to agree and reason together as a nation because i dont see any reason why we are so eager about the election and worried about the prosponment, to me i think lives and properties should be our primary agenda not the personal interest, we just all need to bear with the INEC chairman for a better general election. God bless Nigeria. #GEJ4Naijajay speaksmy president and yours has never looked down on the law or taken law into his hands so it is as he says if God spares our lives the date stays as it is…..GEJ is a man of honour….#GEJ4NAIJAdeennuruI have never seen a President as humble as GEJ.. His Humility needs to be emulated by all and sundry… #MAy29issacrosanct..Depreiye AdrianMay 29th still remains when GEJ would be sworn in for continuity and good reforms. I support you GEJ #GEJ4NAIJAAliyu BuhariA free, fair, credible, and non-violent election is what we all desire. this doesnt hamper May 29 event. President GEJ is true to his words… #GEJ4naijaakpan@this man is honest, truthful and of integrity he still stands by the handing over date despite the postponement of election which in the first place was not his faultTunde ImamThis is not a time to overheat the polity; President Goodluck says as he pleads with Civil Rights to protest in fairness.However, May 29th is “sacrosanct” Jonathan says, as this would not change nor shift the due date of handover but is in line with the INECs decision amidst Political groups and parties who have seen relevant reasons to why a shift in the postponementin the Feb.polls. #GEJmyMARCH….. #GEJ4Naija….#GEJWinsit_otuuchi nwannekayeso that is why we want you and love u #GEJ4naijaabuchi okoromaduOur President is a man of his word and will never go bck on his word.. but then again we all know he will win this election cos he is a man of the people..#gej4naija.As long as INEC acted according to the provisions of the constitution, aggrieved Parties like Apc who doesn’t understand law should keep shut… #Gejwinsit_ #Gej4naijaHead Master KayThe lord is your strength GEJ no matter what happens on that day please do not readjust it. We are solidly behind you.deennuruI see you Sir Kay… wetin be APC sef? Association of Past Criminals…Sadia BalogunI believe you Sir. You have NOTHING to hide. I know you are trying to protect the interests of your citizens…but like humans that they are, they will never be satisfied. Nevertheless, keep on with the good works and keep the flag flying…..#GEJ4NaijaMustapha SadiqGEJ is a man of integrity and peace, its just a shame most Nigerians are just so blind to see that instead, they are going for the wolf and its not even disguised any more. please Nigerians be wise and open your eye. VOTE for peace Vote for GEJ.shamsiya muktarWe will be so blessed and honoured to have GEJ back on seat! The change in election date has made some citizens of the nation to point accusing fingers on him and INEC but instead he turns around by urging his citizens to be patient! What more can we ask for rather than a considerate president who has his people at heart! #GEJ4naijatrixit shows he is a man of courage not withstanding how the election turns out, not minding the time frame, thats a president who is not afraid of loosing or winning. #GEJ4NaijaJamila KadirThis happens to be the best and humble president Nigerians has ever come across cos it takes a man with boldness and courage to say something like this. This is the man we want, a man for transformation.#GEJ4NaijaAustine Ochigbo#GEJ is man of integrity, a man of his worlds. May 29th will never change irrespective of any change in Election time table. PDP and #GEJ are confident to win the election even if the election is held today because his achievements speaks volumes therefore any time, any day the election is held, PDP will surely win. #GEJ4NAIJAsaniGEJ this is a well educated man that understands the rule of law, electing who we want into power is our right and we cannot jeopardise that and allow any form of hooliganism or miscreant behaviour to compromise our votes, this is why we must cooperate with INEC #GEJ4NAIJAdeennuruA well educated man who understands how important the lives of innocent Nigerians are is Who we need… Not some desperado who is power thirsty at all cost…. #GEJ4NAIJA #NO2BuhariAustine OchigboHe duly deserve another TERM #GEJ4NAIJAngozi seyi nasiruagood leader leads by example..GEJ is a great leader and wishes no harm for his followers….#NO2BuhariOkokon ItaWe should believe President Jonathan because he is always a man of his WORDS #GEJ4Naija #NO2BUHARIDonald EkesonSecurity of the citizens is very paramount, lets all support the INEC chairman for free and fair election and stop complaining on the prosponment of the general election, God bless Nigeria. #GEJ4NaijaAdelakun sundayJonathan you are very humble i pray you will get to the seat for the second term we good Nigerians we are at your back ride on God be with u #GET4NaijaAustine OchigboHis achievements is unmatchable, his by far the best president Nigeria has ever had #GEJ4NAIJADJKhalid ShehuThat is a good and well response by the president, he has made all Nigerians to understand that despite the postponement of the election, nothing will still tamper with the may 29th handing over day. Keep doing your good work sir, we got your back sir. #GEJ4Naija.Abubakar GaidamGEJ continues to exhibit the attributes of a true national leader,He has shown it in conduct of previous elections at state level by not interfering,increment in NYSC allowances promised during campaign,shown it transformation of the economy by delivering on projects promised,what he says now would be taken as it is because he is a man of his words and will always deliver as promised.Ride on MR President,Nigerian youths are behind you.#GEJ4naijaMaiha MercyIn Dr Goodluck Jonathan we stand, we believe in this man who has given so much to Nigerians. We believe in every good work he has done. A man of integrity! just as he has said that May 29 stands,lets put our hands together to support him.#GEJ4Naijarm27.Hasan Lawalpresident jonathan has assured Nigerian’s that he deliver the mantle of leadership come may29th, everything that INEC has done is in the interest of the nation#GEJ4Naija.MCCPresident Jonathan is for a free, fair, credible, and non-violent election. President Jonathan reaffirmed that ” May 29 is, has been, and will remain sacrosanct.” He still honours that day as a sacred date in Nigerian Democracy. #GEJ4Naija.usman kadijatPresident Goodluck Ebele Jonathan is a man of integrety if he says a word he stands by it he deserves another term #GEJ4NaijaMclewis OdeIn every good things man does on earth, he will still have the bad eggs to condemn him. Mr president your fucos and determination for this country has brought us good achievement keep it going.#GEJ YES …ngozi seyi nasirulolz….so true#GEJ4NaijaDJKhalid ShehuFor a President to come out in public to reassure Nigerians that despite the postponement the May 29th day still remain intact. That’s a good and wonderful sign of a good president. Lets join hands together to bring him back to office this coming march elections. #GEJ4Naija.Maiha MercyWe have known GEJ as a man of his words,he doesn’t delight in raising false hope. though the election has been postpone; the hand over day still remain and nothing will temper it.#GEJ4Naijaiyabothis is a well educated man that understands the rule of law, electing who we want into power is our right and we cannot jeopardise that and allow any form of hooliganism or miscreant behaviour to compromise our votes, this is why we must cooperate with INEC #GEJ4Naijangozi seyi nasirua man of integrityAnne NwachukwuThat Month of March is really a special month for GEJ and am making clear to APC that that SEATof POWER still remains for GOODLUCK EBELE JONATHAN 2015, APC should stopping struggling in vain#GEJWinsIt#GEJ4Naija#GEJites#No2buhariJamila KadirOnly a person who does not care what the outcome of this election will be can say a thing like this. PGEJ has confidence in anything that will happen at the end of the tunnel so have a re-think cos he is worth a second term. #GEJ4NaijasalemattityMr president is a man of integrity and he stand on his word and also a man who obeys the law of the land, come may 29th the mantle will be handed over to who ever power is due for and for sure it is coming back to him, keep in mind transformation is needed there is no need of going back let continue. #Gej4naija, #No2buhari.Anne NwachukwuOfcourse it shall remain sacrosanct my vote counts for you on March 28#GEJ4naija#GEJites#GEJWinsIt#No2Buharivivian adaezeMy President you are indeed a man of honor.You have spoken like a Leader which you are.we are solidly behind you come rain come shine.#GEJ4naijashamsiya muktarThat is a man who is a true leader!#GEJ4naijaJoe JuniorPresident Goodluck Jonathan on Sunday said May 29 remains sacrosanct as the terminal date of his administration,, despite the postponement of the elections..With the support of the joint multi national force and by the grace of God boko haram will soon be a thing of the past. Election will come and gone but Nigeria will remain an indivisible nation under one God. Presido, we know you as a man of your words, just as you assured us of one man one vote and today our vote count. so we believe in your words that May 29 remains sacrosanct. #GEJ4Naijashamsiya muktarMy vote is still urs come March 28th!#GEJ4naijasimplyhabibaGEJ is a true Leader and a man of his words… #GEJ4Naija #NO2Buharishamsiya muktarA true leader does not nid to say too much before people will follow him! That’s what I ve seen in GEJ that I cant step away from!!!!!#GEJ4naijadeennuruClueless APC cohort always seem to politicize everthing in Ngeria…. Only If they had worked hand in hand with the ruling party and told Buhari the BokoHaram mediator to speak to the BH goons…. NIgeria would have been peaceful… They would never profer solutions all they do is accuse Pdp for everything…. #NO2buharicollins4reallits all about good luck Jonathan,#EGJ ,shamsiya muktarThe nation has been under his care and he has done more than expected! #GEJ4naijaadamu musa483Mr President’s Administration have shown high level of commitment, credibility, and integrity, he has proved to Nigerians that he is a leader by reassuring us that come may,29th 2015 is the terminal date of his first tenure, the adjustment only took place due to security threats, as a President that have the Masses at heart, he would not avoid to loose any citizen in these electoral process.# GEJ 4 Naijaumaru dikoyes!!! we pray for the safety of Nigerians….#GEJ4NaijabolalleyPresident goodluck is a man of integrity, come rain come sun he is ready to due the right thing and may29th is not exceptional so let be calm. and vote for count unity. #Gej4naija, #No2buhari.otuuchi nwannekaHow can i vote for someone who has no sense of kindness. Someone who arrested fela kuti for 10 years, arrested ransome kuti, arrested alex ekwueme, strategised etc in fact, buhari is my worst nightmare in politics. GEJ all the way! SO I HOPE U SEE MY GEJ IN ASO ROCK #GEJ4NAIJAsaniThe president has always demonstrated his commitment to the rule of law……. #Gej4naijaEseosa OghosaThe commission acted within its sphere of jurisdiction after duly consultation with various stakeholders, therefore the ideal that PDP and Mr. President were the ones behind the action is sarcastic and should be deem baseless. #GEJ4NAIJAEseosa Oghosa1.we all need to agree and reason together as a nation because i dont see any reason why we are so eager about the election and worried about the prosponment, to me i think lives and properties should be our primary agenda not the personal interest, we just all need to bear with the INEC chairman for a better general election. God bless Nigeria. #GEJ4NaijaEseosa OghosaWe will be so blessed and honoured to have GEJ back on seat! The change in election date has made some citizens of the nation to point accusing fingers on him and INEC but instead he turns around by urging his citizens to be patient! What more can we ask for rather than a considerate president who has his people at heart! #GEJ4naijaEseosa OghosaPresident Goodluck Jonathan on Sunday said May 29 remains sacrosanct as the terminal date of his administration,, despite the postponement of the elections..With the support of the joint multi national force and by the grace of God boko haram will soon be a thing of the past. Election will come and gone but Nigeria will remain an indivisible nation under one God. Presido, we know you as a man of your words, just as you assured us of one man one vote and today our vote count. so we believe in your words that May 29 remains sacrosanct. #GEJ4NaijaEseosa OghosaPresident Jonathan is for a free, fair, credible, and non-violent election. President Jonathan reaffirmed that ” May 29 is, has been, and will remain sacrosanct.” He still honours that day as a sacred date in Nigerian Democracy. #GEJ4NaijaEseosa OghosaYES!!! this is what good leadership is all about, appealing to its subjects to Bear with the ADJUSTMENT of the Election,, GEJ is a Humble Leader,, This shows he has interest @ Every Nigerian!!! GEJ is just the Best so far!!! #GEJ4NAIJAEseosa Oghosawe all need to agree and reason together as a nation because i dont see any reason why we are so eager about the election and worried about the prosponment, to me i think lives and properties should be our primary agenda not the personal interest, we just all need to bear with the INEC chairman for a better general election. God bless Nigeria. #GEJ4NaijaEseosa OghosaGEJ this is a well educated man that understands the rule of law, electing who we want into power is our right and we cannot jeopardise that and allow any form of hooliganism or miscreant behaviour to compromise our votes, this is why we must cooperate with INEC #GEJ4NAIJAEseosa OghosaThe commission acted within its sphere of jurisdiction after duly consultation with various stakeholders, therefore the ideal that PDP and Mr. President were the ones behind the action is sarcastic and should be deem baseless. #GEJ4NAIJAEseosa OghosaOur President is a man of his word and will never go bck on his word.. but then again we all know he will win this election cos he is a man of the people..#gej4naijaEseosa OghosaThis happens to be the best and humble president Nigerians has ever come across cos it takes a man with boldness and courage to say something like this. This is the man we want, a man for transformation.#GEJ4NaijaEseosa Oghosapresident jonathan has assured Nigerian’s that he deliver the mantle of leadership come may29th, everything that INEC has done is in the interest of the nation#GEJ4Naija.Eseosa Oghosait shows he is a man of courage not withstanding how the election turns out, not minding the time frame, thats a president who is not afraid of loosing or winning. #GEJ4NaijaEseosa OghosaOfcourse it shall remain sacrosanct my vote counts for you on March 28#GEJ4naija#GEJites#GEJWinsIt#No2BuhariEseosa OghosaFor a President to come out in public to reassure Nigerians that despite the postponement the May 29th day still remain intact. That’s a good and wonderful sign of a good president. Lets join hands together to bring him back to office this coming march elections. #GEJ4Naija.Eseosa Oghosatrust me GEJ is chosen by God and that is just the truth, how does postponement of election affect your vote, vote who you want just don’t cause any violence, we need peace if we really want a fair election #GEJ4NaijaEseosa OghosaPresident goodluck is a man of integrity, come rain come sun he is ready to due the right thing and may29th is not exceptional so let be calm. and vote for count unity. #Gej4naija, #No2buhari.Eseosa OghosaThat Month of March is really a special month for GEJ and am making clear to APC that that SEATof POWER still remains for GOODLUCK EBELE JONATHAN 2015, APC should stopping struggling in vain#GEJWinsIt#GEJ4Naija#GEJites#No2buhari