Two Office Workers Have Sex After Hours in Plain View of Bar Across the StreetTwo co-workers at Christchurch insurance company Marsh Ltd have been caught on camera having sex in the office after hours. Was it surveillance footage that got them busted? No, no… it was a whole crowd of people enjoying a drink at the Carlton Bar across the road, who could clearly see the couple in plain view and immediately whipped out their camera phones to record.As the pictures and footage have gone viral all over the Internet, it has emerged that the man, who is the company’s manager, is also married with two children.The wife had no idea about the affair until she saw the video online. According to numerous sources, she hasn’t stopped crying since she found out and is no longer speaking to her husband.The following day, neither worker showed up for work. Their cell phones rang out unanswered and colleagues were forced to answer their office lines on their behalf. The woman involved has even deleted her Facebook account.“Opposite the Carlton bar where the whole pub knew about it and was watching, while they were totally oblivious to it,” Alex Wilton captioned the raunchy photos he uploaded on Facebook. “And afterwards celebrated with wine.”“Everyone knew about it,” Wilton later told 3 News. “The band that was playing at the time stopped because everyone else was more interested in watching them. We all had a good laugh. It was the highlight of the night.”Not everyone had a good laugh, though. Marsh Ltd have released a statement explaining that an investigation is underway.“Marsh is very disappointed by the conduct of two colleagues at our Christchurch premises,” CEO Grant Milne stated. “The inappropriate actions of those two individuals are not representative of the many professional colleagues we have at Marsh.”No comment from either of the lovebirds as of yet but I think it’s safe to say we’re all on the edge of our seats!Two co-workers at Christchurch insurance company Marsh Ltd have been caught on camera having sex in the office after hours. Was it surveillance footage that got them busted? No, no… it was a whole crowd of people enjoying a drink at the Carlton Bar across the road, who could clearly see the couple in plain view and immediately whipped out their camera phones to record.As the pictures and footage have gone viral all over the Internet, it has emerged that the man, who is the company’s manager, is also married with two children.The wife had no idea about the affair until she saw the video online. According to numerous sources, she hasn’t stopped crying since she found out and is no longer speaking to her husband.The following day, neither worker showed up for work. Their cell phones rang out unanswered and colleagues were forced to answer their office lines on their behalf. The woman involved has even deleted her Facebook account.“Opposite the Carlton bar where the whole pub knew about it and was watching, while they were totally oblivious to it,” Alex Wilton captioned the raunchy photos he uploaded on Facebook. “And afterwards celebrated with wine.”“Everyone knew about it,” Wilton later told 3 News. “The band that was playing at the time stopped because everyone else was more interested in watching them. We all had a good laugh. It was the highlight of the night.”Not everyone had a good laugh, though. Marsh Ltd have released a statement explaining that an investigation is underway.“Marsh is very disappointed by the conduct of two colleagues at our Christchurch premises,” CEO Grant Milne stated. “The inappropriate actions of those two individuals are not representative of the many professional colleagues we have at Marsh.”No comment from either of the lovebirds as of yet but I think it’s safe to say we’re all on the edge of our seats!