AC OOTNHi my loves!! I hope you guys had an amazing Christmas/Hanukkah and or Kwanza :) I hope you all spent time with the family and relaxed!! We all deserve a few days off. As for me, I had a nice relaxing few days!! Last night my sister and I took my mom to AC to celebrate her birthday! We had so much fun! Ate a ton of yummy food, gambled a bit, and danced the night away! Haha! I normally never gamble, but my sister helped me with black jack. We played for hours so it was cool :) I saw a lot of people asking about my outfit last night so I wanted to post the details here for you!! I hope everyone is enjoying their weekend! OH AND I'm starting to see so many pictures of you all wearing the new Carli lash. I am SO EXCITED! Seriously they look gorgeous on every single person. So happy you guys are loving them!!!! SO MUCH LOVE! XOXO Carli Ps the pants aren't see through! The pic of me alone has a cool orb in the pic!! Weird because I took two pics and only one had an orb. Crazy!It won't let me write on the post for your giveaway so don't know whether this will even count but I'll try anyways.I think it's so sweet doing these giveaways! You are continuously giving me inspiration on inner and outer beauty.I have a few favourite quotes but the one I really do love is 'everyone is fighting a battle you know nothing about, be kind, always' I think it's just so truthful and makes a point to everyone and reminds everyone that kindness is super important! By the way you look so stunning on this!! As usual XxCarli this outfit is so beautiful!! I always wanted a turtle neck like this! I love you so much and my 4 sisters know how much I'm obsessed with you and love you lol! I used to watch your channel when you only had 5000 followers and now you've grown so big and your still so kind and humble about it! Your amazing and good people like you only deserve the finer things in life!! Love you so so much! Infinite X's and O's , ❤️JennaHi Carli! I love this outfit so much! You look gorgeous and like an updated version of Jaclyn Smith on Charlie's Angels. I wanted to ask you how these pants fit, because the ASOS website doesn't have product reviews. I'm a size 2 and wanted to make sure they're fitted through the hip and butt, because sometimes I look like I'm swimming in wide leg pants. Thank you!!