Related content"It's open to everyone really, of any age, just as long as they can wash a car. I will be taking referrals from the Job Centre."I have already employed one supervisor. He will run the car wash and work closely with the volunteers."We'd like four volunteers in the first instance and then eight weeks later another four."If we get busier there will be room for maybe five."It's looking very good. This is a pilot scheme, but the idea is for the long term."The lottery funding is being used towards the uniforms and equipment, such as pressure washers, and to get the project up and running – which Mr Houldridge hopes will happen on Monday, February 16.Mr Houldridge, who works at the Tata Steel BOS plant, added: "We are looking to work closely with the individual, we will look to help them if they have got any restrictions to getting a job."If they need a driving licence, then we will work with local learner courses to get them through driving lessons."We will work that way, it's all flexible."We will establish what they want to do in their career and what we can do to help."Mr Houldridge has secured the support of two local companies for the project, Clugston and Lebus, who will have trucks washed at A Clean Getaway on a regular basis.A wash and wax at the project, once started, will cost £5, while a special mini valet, including tea or coffee, will be £10.They will also offer a £20 service for lorries, £8 for 4x4s and vans and £10 for large vans.Mr Houldridge added: "We will also offer full valets on a quotation basis."We have been encouraging local business to get on board, sending their lorries over on a regular basis."That can give an income stream to make the project sustainable."Anne Brewster, employee advisor at Jobcentre Plus in Scunthorpe, said: "At Jobcentre Plus we are always looking for opportunities to work with employers who can offer work experience for our young people. It enhances their chances of work by giving them real up-to-date experience, new work skills to put on their CV and provides a recent reference."UPTO £250! not £250, UPTO, there's a difference. At MAX £250 for 296 days @ 7.4 hours per day = £0.84p per day or £0.11p/hr. David Cameron must be sat on top of Thatcher's grave laughing his ar5e off with her!Please tell me this is a joke! Work for nothing for two months, and what training can be bought for £250? The sad thing is that people will be forced to take part and lose benefits if they feel that car washing is not the career they are looking for. Anyone desperate enough to sign up will then be removed from the unemployment figures. Forcing someone to work for nothing used to be known as slavery. Why is such a scam being funded by the lottery?