Botella − The Spanish for "bottle", which has been given various standard capacities at different times and places, and for different fluids contained.[3] Often cited figures include 0.95 liters in Cuba (1796), 0.75 liters in Cuba (1862) and 0.7 liters in Colombia (1957).[4]Candlepower – an obsolete unit expressing luminous intensity equal to 0.981 candela, it expresses levels of light intensity in terms of the light emitted by a candle of specific size and constituents. In modern usage candlepower equates directly to the unit known as the candela.Demiard – a traditional French measure of volume which, after the French revolution introduced new decimal systems, persisted in French-speaking areas of North America such as Quebec and Louisiana. It was originally half of an ard but came to mean a half of a chopine or a quarter of a pinte. The French pinte was, in Paris, 48 cubic inches (pouces du Roi) but, in North America, the terms became associated with Anglo-Saxon measures of a similar size (pinte≡quart; chopine≡pint; demiard≡½-pint).[9]Lachter – a formerly common unit of length used in the mining industry in Europe, usually to measure depth, tunnel driving and the size of mining fields; it was also used for contract work. In most German-speaking mining fields it was the most important unit of length.Micri – a non-SI, discontinuedmetric prefix for 10−14 (one one-hundred trillionth). Its symbol is mc.[13] The name micri-erg was proposed in 1922 by Harkins as a unit of energy equating to 10−14erg.[14][15] This was proposed as a way to measure the surface energy of molecules.[14] A micri-erg has been described as one-millionth the quantity of an erg.[16]Yojana – a Vedic measure of distance that was used in ancient India. It is equivalent to about 13 km (8 mi) for terrestrial use and 6400 km for cosmological distances as per modern measures of distance, although the exact value is disputed among scholars (between 8 and 13 km (5 and 8 mi))^ abGilbert, E.W.; Beckinsale, R.P. (1944). Spain & Portugal: Spain. Its Geographical handbook series. Naval Intelligence Division. Retrieved February 15, 2015. Quote: "Catalonia has its own units, the media cana (length) being approximately of the same value as the varas of Aragon".