10 Best Ways To Make The Perfect Cup of Coffee At HomeNow with so many high-end and boutique coffee shops popping up all over the place, we now have different coffee options at every turn. The question in many of these shops is now changing from what kind of coffee you want (dark/light roast), to how you want that coffee made; pour over, French press, siphon pot, vacuum, and Chemex.We’ve scoured the internet to find the best coffee making machines that allow you to make these same cups of coffee in the convenience of your own home.The following are arguably the best coffee making methods available (depending on your patience, budget, and palate);So this isn’t a coffee maker ‘per-se’, but it is a must if you want the best cup of coffee possible. The quality of any coffee depends mostly on the time between roasting and brewing, this makes it almost impossible to have a truly amazing cup of coffee at home without roasting your own green beans. The under $200 FreshRoast produces beans that are comparable to $2,000+ machines, and it can do it in less than 10 minutes – Find Out More About The FreshRoast on Amazon.comThe AeroPress Coffee and Espresso Maker makes a surprisingly amazing cup of coffee. This innovative uses the ideal water temperature and gentle air pressure brewing to produce coffee and espresso that has rich flavor with lower acidity and without bitterness. – Click here to browse more details and user reviews on Amazon.comSince the early 1950s Bialetti has manufactured over 200 million coffee makers. The Moka Express has become iconic and has allowed millions of consumers to enjoy great Italian coffee. The Moka produces a rich, authentic espresso in just minutes – Moka Express details and user reviews on Amazon.comIf speed and conveniece are your priorities when it comes to coffee, there’s now easier system than the Keurig. This machine is a convenient way to make a fresh cup of coffee in your home, office, dorm, or pretty much anywhere with an outlet – Keurig K45 details and user reviews on Amazon.comThe new TravelPress brews up 10 fl oz of flavorful coffee within four minutes, while the stainless steel tumbler’s heat-retaining double wall helps keep your beverage at a consistent temperature for hours. Featuring a twist-on lid, an easy-grip silicone band around the center and a beautiful matte black color, this travel press is the ultimate in convenience. It’s also great for brewing tea… more details and reviews on Amazon.