FEMA Admits They Are Up To Something Big-You Won’t Believe What They Are About To Do! Prophecy Experts Have Been Warning About This-Should We Be Listening? (Videos)And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible. Isaiah 13:11Earthquakes. Tsunamis. Strange weather. Isis/Isil. School bombings and shootings. Ebola. Gay Rights. Unexplained noises. Mass animal deaths. Dead bankers. Terrorist Attacks. RFID Chip. Government censorship and monitoring. Christian persecution, even in the USA. The list could go on and on! At this point, shouldn’t we be listening?God doesn’t normally speak to us in an audible voice. Instead, He can speak to us in our thoughts through the Holy Spirit, visions, dreams, other people, and more. However, one way that we can see all throughout the Bible in which God speaks is through signs, such as earthquakes. In fact, in the Bible, earthquakes were a huge sign of God’s judgment and righteous anger.Those of us who know the Bible and understand what it says in relation to the end times are well aware that this world is in hot water. More recently, in the past century, the United States of America has slowly but surely wandered down a path of spiritual fornication and blasphemy like never before.For me, the question is definitly not “IF”…but “WHEN?” Those of us who follow Bible prophecy and research are positive it will happen soon. How soon? I don’t know. Many are saying great things will happen this year, 2015. I tend to agree, however, am hesitant to put a date on things. Going by the news and what is happening on a prophetic, biblical level, I would have to say that some tragic things will unfold this year.One thing I am certain of—we all must repent and get right with God. No matter when the ‘end of this age’ arrives, whether today, tomorrow, or a year from now—we’re all just one heartbeat away from our last. It is time to get serious.FEMA is being pretty open and in your face about their intentions, and too many people are having dreams (or nightmares, rather) and visions about the New Madrid, and most of them are pretty much the same. Furthermore, according to experts, the New Madrid is way overdue for some action.FEMA & the New Madrid FaultIs This Our Final Warning? A GREAT & MIGHTY SHAKING IS COMING! URGENT Shemitah & Blood Moon Update!Is the USA Prepping For Mass Death and Hysteria? This Shocking Find Might Be A Clue!PASTORS DREAM OF SOON COMMING MADRID EARTHQUAKEVision 11 – The New Madrid Fault Line in Prophecy! (2 of 7)The next video is about all the ZONES…not just the New Madrid. This one is VERY informative and a must see!Alarming New Information-USA About To Shake and Bake-Experts Warning To Prepare!Had we warned you of this (September 11) in advance, would you have believed the watchmen? I think we know the answer to that—no! Everyone would have said we were crazy or liars! But it DID happen and worse than this is coming, soon!CommentsWell, even the video says, “Here’s where it gets crazy.” Sadly, Loopy Lyn doesn’t seem to understand that’s exactly where she is.The risk along the New Madrid is well known, and of course, it’s only logical that FEMA should plan for something like a quake along the fault vs. something unlikely like a hurricane or a meteor impact. Duh.Mr. Anthony must not live in a Gulf State……like many of us other humans. He may not believe that hurricanes are ‘likely’ but trust me……as someone who once took shelter in the control center of a water treatment plant……they ARE very likely.If you think for ONE MINUTE that the U.S. started trying to ‘split Israel’ into two in 1991 in Madrid, Spain; you OBVIOUSLY have no clue about the meddling that Jimmy Carter did to try and give the whole Middle East to the Palestinians in the ’70′s.One of the reasons that Carter was such an atrocious President was that he couldn’t worry about us for sake of worrying about Israel, then China, then Middle East Oil (complete, with E85 gas and solar power).Funny how the Democrats are such a broken record – and they still convince the sheep every time that ‘they are the common-man’s party’. Of course, ‘common-man’ when they say it is like when Marx or Lenin said it, but they never directly point that out to the sheep.They know that my dear. But thank you for pointing it out. They are trolls. They do this on purpose to discredit and to mislead those who happen to look at their comments. However, it is their job to do as such, and they only make themselves look bad to most ‘normal’ ‘mature’ people who see right through it. In actuality, if I did not get tons of troll comments, I would be very concerned. What they do fulfills Bible prophecy—spewing hatred, mocking, scorning, persecuting me and insulting me in writing for sharing truth, even though I have never done anything to anyone here but post what I feel is relevant prophetically and trying to wake people up so they will not suffer when it all happens. The Bible says that it is a blessing to be persecuted for Christ…so their hatred and attacks let me know that I am on the right track. Otherwise, they would say nothing at all. If a person is that opposed, they would not keep coming back to my articles with the same attacks, each and every time. Yet, for well over a year, the same ones keep returning, even with multiple and/or new profiles to spread the same hatred. Be blessed and thanks again for your support.Personally, I don’t understand why everything needs to be end of the world, tomorrow, next week, next month, next year. As our life on earth is to be enjoyed since it only lasts a NANOSECOND in all of eternity.Doggoneit! Big dog/small fish… @Lyn “Personally, I don’t understand why everything needs to be end of the world, tomorrow, next week, next month, next year. As our life on earth is to be enjoyed since it only lasts a NANOSECOND in all of eternity.”Because she has more than a few loose screws. A violent rabble rouser and fear porn addict.Well Lyn, if you knew anything about truth you must know that if your church celebrates Christmas or Ishtar (Easter for the religiously handicapped) or believe in the Rapture as your Master Bakker does and these are NOT written in the Bible, OK dear?In fact there is a warning about them in many places.BTW, what happened to the previous avatar icon? I said that was probably your best one. Lisa, your twisted sister has a very ugly avatar icon, but as I wrote to her she looks much better in the videos than the avatar icon portrays her so how come she does not change it?Only ‘trolls’ I see here are you, ‘youguysareidiots’, and Lyn who keeps POSTING THINGS SHE DOESN’T EVEN VIEW!Her posted ‘VISION 11′ video, in this article, shows CLEARLY on-page, that it is supposedly ‘tied to the Madrid event in 1991 (referencing the conference that occurred in Madrid, SPAIN; NOT New Madrid, the fault region that runs through 5-states in central U.S.)Stop calling names, when you have the attention span of a Cocker Spaniel on Ritalin.Seer, it’s happening on both sides of the topic. If I disagree, I am a troll, and some call her a whore. I disagree with Lyn, but I see no need to resort to petty ad hominem attacks. What I disagree with is the blatant sensationalism for temporal popularity instead of letting the truth speak for itself. I also disagree with the emphasis on extra-biblical dreams and visions (proven very untrustworthy/unreliable) instead of resting in the established word of God. Subjective information is emphasized and subjective is either subverted or ignored. The other thing I disagree with is promotion of blatant heretics/wolves such as Jim Bakker. It only demonstrates a complete lack of discernment, from the true and false.Andoron well in some respect I agree with you am not a Christian or in to the end of the world stuff if there is something I watch on you tube with is a load of bs I hit the next button and move on ,you sound like a adult and can see both sides which is rare on this site so I wish you well and a good weekend 😊worldordernews - Evidently you have done a serious studied of the Bible… I suggest that you do but if this is not possible at least read Ezekiel 33 and please understand this… God is far more involved in man’s lives than most realize…. He is just as active as He has ever been in the lives of those that seek Him with all their hearts. In the Book of Jeremiah we are told how He used Cyrus who wasn’t a believer in God to overthrow Babylon.. Yes, God uses even the heathen to accomplish His goals.The Bible says, The fool says in his heart, “There is no God.” Psalm 14:1 But this old man would say that I believe it is the fool who doesn’t make a truly honest search for the truth; therefor he accepts the lies of non-believers as being the truth…. And one day very soon now, this will cost him his eternal soul…..“When he opened the sixth seal, I looked, and behold, there was a great earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth, the full moon became like blood, and the stars of the sky fell to earth as a fig tree sheds its winter fruit when shaken by a gale; the sky vanished like a scroll that is rolled up, and every mountain and island was removed from its place. Then the kings of the earth, and the great men and the generals and the rich and the strong, and everyone, slave and free, hid in the caves and among the rocks of the mountains, calling to the mountains and rocks, “Fall on us and hide us from the face of him who is seated on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb; for the great day of their wrath has come, and who can stand before it.” (Revelation 6:12,13,14, 15, 16, 17,RSV,1952)Most who are looking for the return of the Lamb don’t understand that his return is a day of wrath, a day of the destruction of the wicked upon this earth. They are specifically identified in the above scripture! Couldn’t be why they’re preparing for a “great earthquake”, now could it? Could this be why they have created underground facilities in “caves”, like Cheyanne Mountain, or in the “rocks of the mountains”? No, that’s just “fear porn”, right?Only the truly wicked will have wrath bestowed upon them, if you have love in your heart for humanity and want only the best outcome for humanity and mother earth you’ll be ok. Geez, I get so tired of hearing people say we are all wicked and unrepentant and we are all born sinners, that’s the biggest bunch of BS I have ever heard, we are NOT born sinners, we were born with the divine in us from our creator, TPTB, illuminati or whoever you want to call them WANT you to think of yourself as a lowlife, they don’t want you to realize your power from within. If you buy into the hate death and destruction, that’s exactly what will happen because you manifested it through your consciousness.and such is the day of wrath… the great chastisement of God ! which has happened before and will happen again… the three days of darkness are at the door ! the coming passage of Nibiru… the destroyer… Wormwood ! time is very short ! T^i^Now laugh at me for it bothers me not, trolls enjoy your selves it bothers me not, for I promise you very very soon, the United States of America will not have to worry about where it will happen for it will encompass the entire nation, from coast to coast, there will be nothing left of her, she will be turned to ash, no one will survive, no animals, or vegetation of any kind will survive, she will not even have a breeze left in her. when this is done, she will not have anything left to sustain life of any kind or form. This will happen in my lifetime, and I am in my seventies. Now laugh it bothers me not, and there is nothing that can be done to save her, for she is lost and will not repent. While there are some within her that will be saved, it will not be of this life, but the majority within her will die and not live again.We ALL die and live again, we live many lives on Earth, and as long as you keep thinking it will happen, it will. Stop thinking negative thoughts and think only positive thoughts and we will have a better outcome.When you immerse yourself in the Bible too much you lose part of your consciousness, people don’t understand how our bodies and/or consciousness works, if you buy into the hate death and destruction that the Bible and TPTB and MSM talk about on a daily basis that’s what will happen, because your consciousness is putting negativity in the atmosphere. Stop thinking about negative events that could happen, and start putting our positive energy towards humanity and mother Earth and you will get something more positive.Because you do not read or study the Bible, you do not know what is in it. If you knew what is in it, you would know it is a book of love. But you are out of favor with God and thus you spew your nonsense.This book of the law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate thereon day and night.Lynn, repentance is not an act of our will, but an expression of God’s will as He DRAWS people to repentance and HH grants repentance to the acknowledging of THE TRUTH, which He is. “Salvation” is the response of our will to the will of God – it is what happens when our eternal salvation established from before the foundations of the worlds in Christ becomes our experience on earth.As to dividing Israel, this refers to the 47-48 act of partition which has grown into Zionism’s Eretz Israel – it is these who shall be divided, the 33 nations plus Britain who conspired and colluded to create that CONcentration camp on the shores of the Mediterranean called Israel. Soon there will be a great betrayal – they know it too – and pretty much everyone will turn against the Jew – and make them the scapegoat of the nations – and NEVER forget the Germans!9. Behold, the Day of Maryah shall arrive, a Day that has no cure, and with a blazing anger; they shall rend the earth to oblivion, together with its sins. 10. Because the stars of heaven and their powers do not shine, the sun remains dark as it comes out, and the light of the moon does not shine. 11. Evil shall rule over the universe and upon the depraved their abomination; the haughtiness of the arrogant shall be nullified, and the bravado of the heroes shall be humbled. 12. And a man regards his worth in gold and a human being in the gold that turns to dust. 13. That is why he shook the heavens, and the earth was shaken from its place, by the outcry of the Almighty Maryah, on the Day of his wrath’s rising.*wow! – earthshattering! and its all because, or rather it WILL BE all because israel got ‘divided’ in 1991 - ‘splains everything. when we’re all groping around in the dark tripping over debris and swimming for our lives we will be repeating over and over “the Madrid conference….oh damn that madrid conference!” Thanks for setting our compass right and setting us right with Israel – those butchers thieves and manipulators are God’s chosen ones you know – Lynn said so….the watchman….on the wall.The number of nuclear power plants that would be effected if the New Madrid fault line goes is alarming in and of itself. If they get damaged there would likely be meltdowns like there was in Japan. Things are happening in rapid succession if you look at past statistical files for various years. The earth never used to get such huge numbers of earthquakes per year as it has in the past ten to twenty years. There is a lot of correlation between the times our leaders have pressured Israel to remove her citizens from different areas of Israel land, though our leaders will say it is not Israel’s land and they are illegally occupying it, and various time natural disasters have hit our country. I’d like to know how Israel can illegally be occupying land that they won in wars they did not start. Anyways each time the USA tries to pressure Israel into dividing it’s land and giving it away, we get hit with another very big dollar value costing disaster, let alone the lives that are also lost at times. So I feel, though I can’t prove with an absolute certainty that many (not all) hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, flooding, wildfires, etc., are happening due to our stupid government trying to curse Israel or harm Israel by making her give up God given land.As always I enjoy your posts, keep up the Battle Lyn. I have been fighting for truth for years now. I have been informing people of the truth of our Flat Motionless Earth, the knowledge of this is great armour against the coming Great Deception. The road to God is a very narrow one, we are vastly outnumbered the Lord is our only hope.People try to discredit the Holy Bible (KJV) yet it has done everything it said it would, spreading to all lands like no other. It is the only truth in this World gone mad. Most Americans are more worried about their sports heros than they are about their own childrens salvation.This kind of rings true to me because a month or so ago I had a dream that showed the area of the Texas/Louisiana border where it meets the Gulf, and it came to be a split and it turned red, which I thought to be blood. There then were seen smaller flows of red nearby. I didn’t see further than that area, though.Once and for all, the only trust worthy and verifiable way that God speaks is through Scripture. The canon is closed so there will be no new revelations. Study the Bible folks if you want to know the truth.I don’t think she is crazy at all. I do believe what the Bible says. The bible was written by men, but God is the author. And what it says will happen and is already happening. I don’t need proof. I have faith and know that we definitely are living in the end of time. Only God knows when that will be, but until then we do need to turn to God not away from him.One of the main reasons the world is in turmoil is because most people have turned their backs on God. How can God bless and protect America or anywhere else if people don’t believe in God or blame him for what is happening to the world. The Devil is behind all the evil not God.If we want things to get better we need to pray and ask God to help us. Remember that With God All Things Are Possible.ORBS…I have them in my home…right now…called FBI OSI they came by never came back…..I also submitted story up here last week and it never got approved…It contained theese videos…Is b4 its news a US Govmnt sponsored site? Inquiring ETs wanna know…How do I know cause they use theese Orbs to communicate with me since Dec 2012…And yes they have voice of White Man english….Whilst others are speaking in what I can figure at least 3 different tongues….They came in touting names Yamamoto and Kamehameha…..Dialogue is ongoing….1st communication was only vowel sounds for two months leading to Galactic Alighnment 2012…They kept repeating Aah-EEE-OOO-WEY….heres the vids…and link to my facebook page with more info…….vids taken with infared camera by Paranormal investigators I hired….location Atlanta Ga suburbs….https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfp4YOPNo8I….and….https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLtv1zClyjg…facebook page…https://www.facebook.com/michael.goins.792740/about#!/michael.goins.792740ORBS…