Best Buy and Future Shop are consolidating as Best Buy. This means the products, services, and features you have come to expect from Future Shop and FutureShop.ca will now be available at Best Buy and BestBuy.ca. We have plans to invest up to $200 million to build a leading multi-channel customer experience on the Best Buy brand.Traditional Valentine's gifts for him and herNo Valentine's Day would be complete without getting the perfect gift for that special someone of yours. Since I have a reputation for being a "gift whisperer", my brother recently came to me for advice on what to get his fiancé for Valentine's Day. Call me old-fashioned, but when it comes to Valentine's Day, you just can’t go wrong with traditional gifts. Whether you want to let your special guy or gal know how much he or she means to you, here are some traditional gifts that are guaranteed to do the trick.For the Woman in Your Life:Finding the right Valentine’s Day gift for your sweetheart can seem like a tricky task. Even my brother, who’s a veteran at it, still comes back to me, year after year, for Valentine’s Day gift inspiration. The truth is, shopping for that special lady in your life is a lot easier than many of you guys think! At the heart of it all, most of us women just want something that’s thoughtful and meaningful. As a hopeless romantic, I’m all about embracing the cliché of traditional Valentine’s Day gifts like roses, chocolates, and teddy bears—so candidly romantic! But if those traditional gifts are too generic for your liking, consider throwing these heartfelt gifts into the mix:­Jewelry She'll Cherish ForeverIf there’s one thing I know about us ladies, it’s that we all love receiving jewelry and can never have enough! I’m not saying you have to break the bank to buy her an upscale Diamond Ring, but a little thought into choosing the right piece of jewelry for her will go a long way. Thankfully, just like relationships, jewelry comes in so many different forms to accommodate your woman’s taste and your own budget.If she’s into cutesy jewelry like me, then she’ll love showing off this stunning Diamond Pendent Heart Necklaceto her friends and family. On the other hand, if she’s into a more sophisticated style, then this alluring Amour White Pearl Jewelry Setwill be a great addition to complement her favourite outfit. If you’re still stuck, a thoughtful way to select jewelry for your sweetheart is by pairing her birthstone with her favourite type of jewelry. I can guarantee you that she’ll truly appreciate how much thought you put into picking out the perfect piece of jewelry for her.Cater to Her Sweet Side with a Chocolate Melting PotNow here’s a fun twist on the classic box of chocolates you were thinking of getting her. Like many women out there, my guilty pleasure is chocolate (especially dark chocolate), but since I’m a bit of a health nut, I try to limit indulging in chocolate to only special occasions like Valentine’s Day. So when my past boyfriend surprised me with a bulk bag of dark chocolate, a chopped up assortment of fruit, and a chocolate melting pot, like the Wilton Chocolate Pro Melting Pot, I was beyond excited to get my chocolate fix on! What better way to top off a romantic Valentine’s Day evening with your sweetheart than by curling up to a romantic movie, like GONE GIRL (just kidding), and having homemade chocolate fondue? Sounds like a solid Valentine’s Day to me!A New Handbag that'll Remind Her of YouWhen in doubt, spoil her with a new handbag! Just like putting on makeup, a handbag is one of the very few things a lot of us women don’t leave the house without. In other words, our love for handbags cannot be overstated. Every time I equip myself with a handbag that was given to me as a gift, I can’t help but be grateful for and reminded of that thoughtful person whose trace of style I’m carrying around. It’s a nice, heartfelt feeling to start my day as I leave the house with it.As a Valentine’s Day gift, this calls for something extra special like a brand name handbag. With so many varieties of handbags to choose from, it can be tricky picking out just the right one for her, but here’s a safe rule of thumb: choose one that’s the same style as her favourite everyday handbag and you can’t go wrong. If she likes hobo bags, get her the Heys Soho Large Leather Hobo Bag. If she likes crossbody bags, get her the TUMI Voyageur Sumatra Crossbody Bag. Do this successfully and you’ll be her fashion hero of the year!For the Man in Your Life:Valentine’s Day is a two-way street so let’s not forget about the special men in our lives. Maybe it’s because I’ve always loved spoiling those around me, but I’ve always been huge on showering my partner with big romantic gestures. If anything, Valentine’s Day makes for the perfect excuse to indulge whole-heartedly in all that mushy stuff we all secretly enjoy. Live up to the occasion together by treating him to one of these slick traditional gifts:A Classy Dress Watch He'll AdoreMen love their jewelry just as much as we do, but theirs are just subtler than ours. Case in point: his watch. If he’s not already equipped with a quality timepiece, then it’s about time to get him one! He may be a tech geek or a total jock, but every deserving man should have a quality dress watch of his own. Stick to a classic style, like the Continental Geneve Traditionnel Men's Casual Analog Watch, for the perfect finishing touch to any of his outfits. If you want to go the extra mile, you could even engrave a special message on it at your local jeweler. When it comes to materialistic items, not many things can top that.Elegant Cufflinks to Finish off His LookIf a dress watch is too much of a stretch for your Valentine’s Day budget, but you still want to get him something luxurious, go for the JOS VON ARX Pen and Cufflink Set. While this is truly the perfect gift for any business professional, even the most casual kind of guy will appreciate a set of elegant pens and contemporary cufflinks. Perhaps it’s one of those things he would never splurge on himself, but would be pleased to have if it was gifted to him. If you ask me, I’d say it’s a timeless gift that’ll never go out of style and is one that he'll always cherish.For the Both of You to Enjoy:Massager and Massage OilValentine’s Day is also the perfect occasion to buy something special for the two of you to enjoy. For an intimate and relaxing time together, try taking turns giving each other massages with the lights dimmed and scented candles in the background. That’ll do the trick in raising the romantic ante! If you want to get even more sensual with it, use massage oilor even throw in an Ergonomic Spine & Tissue Massagerfor added variety. Finally, don't forget to thank your sweetheart afterward for all his or her hard work.Well there you have it—my personally curated list of traditional Valentine’s Day gifts that’ll never go out of style. Evidently I can speak more to what women enjoy receiving, but this is definitely a great starting point if your partner is a traditionalist like me. Given that you’ve stumbled upon this article, whatever your Valentine’s Day gift may be, I hope your sweetheart appreciates all the thought and effort you put into it. Be forever grateful for eachother and make it a memorable Valentine’s Day!