Cung Le appears to be done with MMA. The 42-year-old former Strikeforce middleweight champion had a decent run in the UFC, but the fallout over a supposed failed test for HGH soured Le's perception of the company. In a wide-ranging interview with Dave Meltzer of MMA Fighting, Le talked about his last UFC fight (a TKO loss to Michael Bisping), being mistreated by the UFC, and much, much more.One of the more interesting points is that he had two fights left on his UFC contract, but the UFC wouldn't let him out of his deal. And he likely would have gone somewhere else if they had:"I knew if I didn't knock him (Bisping) out, I'd probably be knocked out because I wouldn't see what was coming," he says. "I put my life on the line and they threw me under the bus. I'd have fought for [Bellator CEO] Scott [Coker] if they had let me out of my contract."The interview goes into detail about how the HGH "failure" came about, how he responded to it, and UFC president Dana White not accurately portraying Le's interactions with the promotion. And after all of that, it seems that he won't be competing in MMA any more:"Sometimes the fairy tale endings don't happen," he says. "But it's not the end of my career. It's just the end of my MMA path. That's all."The only reason I'd fight now would be for a mega fight or if Scott Coker asked me to do a retirement fight. I'm not getting any younger. If I don't focus on my next career, that ship might sail without me."Another tidbit from the interviews is that, according to Le, the lawsuit he's now involved in against the UFC didn't come about due to the HGH test fallout:He has since been the lead name in a class action suit against the organization, that he said has nothing to do with that specific situation.Join Bloody ElbowAuthenticatingGreat!Choose an available username to complete sign up.In order to provide our users with a better overall experience, we ask for more information from Facebook when using it to login so that we can learn more about our audience and provide you with the best possible experience. We do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with Facebook.