BAFTA Twitter Competition T&C1. The promotion is open to UK (excluding Northern Ireland) residents aged 18 andover, with the exception of employees of Danone Waters (UK and Ireland) Limited, their immediate families or anyone else connected with this promotion.2. By entering this promotion, entrants will be deemed to have accepted and be bound by these terms and conditions. The Promoter reserves the right to vary these terms and conditions at any stage. The Promoter reserves the right to disqualify entries that do not comply with these terms and conditions or entrants whose conduct or content is inappropriate.3. No purchase is necessary. Internet access is required.4. Internet entrants are deemed to have accepted the website terms and conditions and privacy policy.Entry5. The promotion starts at 20:30 on 08/02/2015 and entries must be received by no later than 23:00 08/02/2015.6. To enter, users have to compose creative tweets about the BAFTAs, mentioning @evianwater and using the hashtag #EEBAFTAs.7. Only one entry per person.8. When you tweet, please include @evianwater.9. Entrants using multiple accounts will be disqualified.10. By entering this promotion, entrants confirm their entry is their own original work and they own all rights in their entry. By entering this promotion, entrants transfer all ownership rights (e,g. copyright) in the entry to the Promoter who can then use the entry in whichever way the Promoter wishes including any advertising or other communications.The winners11. The winners will be selected by an independent judge who will choose the best tweets for creativity and originality, under the following categories:i. Best Adapted Jokeii. Best British Tweetiii. Best Original Tweetiv. Best Visual Effects Tweetv. Outstanding Debut Tweetvi. Best Short Tweetvii. Best Tweet not in the English Language12. If a tweet is not found for one or more of the above categories, the prize will not be awarded.13. The Promoter will make reasonable efforts to contact the winners by responding to the entry tweets with the @evianwater account within 28 days to give full details about how to redeem the prize. If winners cannot be contacted or do not respond or are not in a position to accept the prize, the Promoter may at its absolute discretion withdraw the prize.14. Winners agree to participate in any publicity accompanying or resulting from the promotion. No additional compensation will be awarded for such promotional activity.Prizes15. Each winner will win a Silver Screen Print (posters created by evian in a fan art style). In addition, the entrant (who can also be selected among winners selected to win the Silver Screen Prints) who will have composed the best tweet of the evening according to the independent judge, will also be awarded with a BAFTA Goodie Bag containing: an evian® 50ml facial spray, a 375ml bottle of Taittinger, a 750ml bottle of Villa Maria, Lancôme Hypnose Mascara, Fortnum and Mason Teas, Noble Isle Sea of Green Handwash, Charles Worthington: Volume and Bounce Texturising Spray and Sculpting Mousse, Bottle Green 75cl, Savoy Cocktail Book, a Folio Society Book, and a pair of Cocorose shoes.General16. The names and counties of the winners will be available by sending a stamped addressed envelope to We Are Social, 1 Saint John's Square, London EC1M 4PN, United Kingdom within 3 months of the closing date.17. Incomplete, illegible, misdirected, late or bulk entries will not be accepted. The Promoter accepts no responsibility if entries are lost or not received or delayed, including delay due to technical error.18. The Promoter reserves the right to terminate, amend or extend this promotion.19. The Promoter reserves the right to offer alternative prizes, of equal or greater value.20. The prizes are as stated and there are no alternative prizes or a cash substitute. Prizes are non-transferable.21. The Promoter does not accept liability for any losses or claims arising out of this promotion except in cases of personal injury or death resulting from its own negligence.22. Unless entrants have consented otherwise, entrants’ personal data will only be used by the Promoter (and the Promoter’s promotional partners) for the purposes of running this promotion.