INFOWARS: “Alex Jones, the internationally known trailblazer of new media and icon of the burgeoning liberty movement, makes an unprecedented announcement in this exclusive video. He finally admits……“(More Below)(MORE BELOW)NOTE TO READERS: Tell me… If you wanted to wake everyone up, to defeat the bad guys, to get justice, and you had millions of people watching you every day….. would you do this? You will only find the truth when you understand, truly, what is going on. Don’t be fooled.This is the real and only interview William Cooper ever gave on the Alex Jones Show. It has been subject to some controversy. –NOTE TO READERS: Tell me… If you wanted to wake everyone up, to defeat the bad guys, to get justice, and you had millions of people watching you every day….. would you do this? You will only find the truth when you understand, truly, what is going on. Don’t be fooled.Power, Pedophilia and the US GovernmentAs the West charges full speed ahead towards World War III with its incendiary epicenter Ukraine, simultaneous headlines are breaking with pedophilia sex scandals implicating the highest levels of elite power and privilege involving both US presidents and the British royal family. There now exists incontrovertible evidence confirming that members of the world’s most powerful and wealthy ruling class have for decades been regularly engaging in predatory violent and sexual acts involving the most brutal and perverse crimes including ritualistic torture underage children and even murder. Yet apparently these most heinous crimes against the most powerless and defenseless in our society – thousands of child victims – have been preyed upon for many years with complete impunity, systematically covered up at the highest levels by the American and British governments. Yet these sophisticated child sex trafficking syndicates have never been exposed as they are now. Unfolding shocking developments on both sides of the Atlantic have finally been exposing pedophile scandals not only committed in the US and UK but apparently all around the world including Portugal, Chile, Mexico and Belgium.While these sex scandals unravel in the West, it’s important to understand their geopolitical context. At the same time as these criminal shockwaves are politically rocking the global elite, they are accompanied by unprecedented frenzied activity at the highest echelons of global finance involving dozens of murders and suicides of high profile figures within the central banking cabal, an incredible amount of covert movement of gold and silver, spiraling rock bottom oil prices on the impending eve of the US dollar and petrodollar collapse dumping it as the standard international reserve currency. Also unprecedented now is the David and Goliath story of bankrupt European Union member Greece defying the longtime predatory debt practice of thievery that’s been the economic paradigm of Western oligarchy.As if to take all this mounting pressure and dog wagging heat off, with increasing desperation the West has relentlessly been engaging in a nonstop propaganda blitz of lies and false flags in order to demonize and bait Putin into all-out war after the ethnic Russian citizens of Crimea voted overwhelmingly for annexation with Russia. After investing $5 billion tampering with the internal affairs of a sovereign nation and pulling off an internationally outlawed coup overthrowing a democratically elected Ukrainian president, which Obama recently copped to, Putin merely beat the US-NATO imperialists to the punch by preventing the US Navy from taking over Russia’s critical fleet in Crimean port. For a full year ever since the West has been frantically trying to prod and bait nuclear powered Russia into world war. The US has caused a Ukrainian civil war and is now sending heavy arms to only enflame the already volatile hotspot._____________MORE AT: http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/02/07/power-pedophilia-and-the-us-government/Most of you haven’t heard this… All the proof in the world that Israel was involved in 9/11:“In less than 4 minutes, I can provide proof that no one can dispute” -Alex Jones has been totally outed as Bill Hicks. He now has to disappear. I always thought there was something VERY wrong about Alex Jones’s ACT. Now we know. He’s a government paid and controlled disinformation agent…pretending he opposed the government.Don’t believe me. Check the age shown on Jone’s wiki page and the age on Hicks’ page.I think Alex does it for attention. Go watch a bunch of Bill Hicks stand-up videos on YouTube, then compare it to this one above, and you’ll clearly see they are two different people. Plus Bill was taller by three inches as I mentioned earlier. Can you explain the height difference?Being incapable of verifying your claim independently, for all I know, personally, one may be 4ft, and the other might be 7ft. How are you able to explain their measurements, without any margin of error, so as to participate in this discussion like an expert.Obama also thinks he can make a joke and get away with it. Alex Jones is a skillful politician. Obama is not and things concerning Islam and the fact of Obama criticising Christianity are all blowing up in his face. The Obot shiills in the comments are facing heavy fallout from Obama’s disaster. I’ve been asking the question since years now: “Don’t you Obots regret having gotten on this crappy bandwgon with Obama and the Dems?”I mean if you had been in the mountains with che Guevara surrounded by the CIA troops, wouldn’t you sit back and say “Crap!”Its the same with Obama now. It’s your Alamo-moment. You’re surrounded, Obama’s lost the Senate in the elections, Obamacare’s been repealed, the mob is baying for their Obama-lynching-moment, and a Judge Hanen in Texas is suspending Amnesty for ever this next week. It’s too late for you to come out with your hands over your heads. So is this your moment to sit back and whisper: “Crap”? It’s your last few minutes left. ——— Obama Suffers Backlash for ISIS-Crusades ComparisonAfter saying ‘terrible deeds’ committed in name of Christ, historians and politicians attack Obama for linking Christianity to ISIS.By Cynthia Blank First Publish: 2/8/2015, 9:24 AMUnited States President Barack Obama suffered a huge backlash Friday after comparing the terror organization Islamic State to the Christian Crusaders of the Middle Ages.In his speech before the National Prayer Breakfast Thursday, Obama condemned ISIS and their tactics, as well as terrorists who “profess to stand up for Islam, but in fact, betray it.”“We see ISIL, a brutal, vicious death cult that, in the name of religion, carries out unspeakable acts of barbarism – terrorizing religious minorities like the Yazidis, subjecting women to rape as a weapon of war, and claiming the mantle of religious authority for such actions.”However, things turned messy when he Obama linked contemporary terrorism with violent acts from the time of the Crusades, noting that people also “committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ.”Obama argued that the “humanity has been grappling” with the the two sides of faith – the “profound good…that can flow from all of our faiths and “those who seek to hijack religious for their own murderous ends” – for centuries.“And lest we get on our high horse and think this is unique to some other place, remember that during the Crusades and the Inquisition, people committed terrible deeds in the name of Christ. In our home country, slavery and Jim Crow all too often was justified in the name of Christ.”Those comments provoked a storm that saw Christian leaders, political opponents, amateur historians, and experts all chiming in.On Twitter, people accused Obama of conveniently ignoring the Muslim aggression that preceded the Crusades, while others said the President was drawing “simplistic analogies” and minimizing the atrocities committed by ISIS.Several Republicans were also outraged.Former Virginia governor Jim Gilmore called Obama’s remarks “the most offensive I’ve ever heard a president make in my lifetime.”“He has offended every believing Christian in the United States. This goes further to the point that Mr. Obama does not believe in America or the values we all share.”Robert Jeffress, a senior pastor of the First Baptist Church in Dallas, Texas said that “Jesus would be outraged” by the President’s mischaracterization.Speaking on the “O’Reilly Factor” on Fox News, Jeffress argued there was no “moral equivalency” for violent acts committed by Christians in comparison to the “millions of people slaughtered by Muslim extremists.”White House officials defended Obama, with aides noting that the President had wanted to be purposely provocative and show how ISIS fits in with broader global history.Although, no one expected such a backlash or debate.“He wanted to make the point that this isn’t the first time we’ve seen faith perverted and it won’t be the last,” a senior advisor said.He says it’s his place to inform people, but he never informs people on: – how to take effective, legal action within the present system. – whether it is impossible.He’s wavered between telling people to vote and that voting is fraudulent.And, with libertarian candidates, it is rare to hear that an unjust law might be repealed. Or, that never comes with promises of financial disgorgement or criminal prosecutions.To me, these people are catch-alls. They’re like that kitchen drawer or bowl full of crap, where people keep their house keys. These people collect theories, which seem to be gaining steam, engage the audience, and piss their attention away.I didn’t pick up on anything that causes me to believe he is going anywhere, but if he goes into hiding, maybe he’ll come back out under a new moniker. I really don’t care so long as he isn’t advocating for the killing and robbing of innocent people. I don’t agree with every word he says and regardless of who he is I enjoy the national and international dialogue that we might not have had without his show. He does stand up for people and if you can’t find anything empowering about any of his shows, then why waste your time with it? I can clearly see that he stands up for ME almost every day and if I disagree with something he says, I can always express my thoughts to the contrary FOR FREE right here AND HE DOES READ IT which is obvious to those of us who have tried it. You can get your news from other sources and you can verify the sources he gives you, but the ultimate ignorance is one’s rejection of something he knows nothing about and refuses to investigate so what more do you people want?Are any of you using monikers on the net or are you all using ‘your’ original LEGAL NAMES?Please name one way, in which AJ has empowered you, personally, resulting in an objective outcome, as observable in the physical world. I am both a literal person, and willing to take you literally, provided that I am capable of retracing your steps in a logical way.For starters, he’s read countless books about the people at the top. he takes calls from whomever calls in and they talk about things that hook us up with knowledge that we might not otherwise have such as:And then there is Jesse Ventura who, on his show has given his perspective from a government official who had more of an inside look into how government really is run. He, also, has given very good advice in the case one is arrested being “admit nothing, deny everything, and make plenty of counter accusations”, WHICH DOES WORK.Also, he has had folks like Lionel the legal analyst. He’ll give you his perspective right there on his show and whether you agree with him or not, you know more about how you might deal with him, or someone like him, when you find yourself in court.There is much wisdom to be learned from there. He does know how things work. I don’t anymore than anyone else like it when he cuts people off sometimes and then there are times when I understand why he does it but we can continue on here with those talking points and we do all the time. There is a time and a place for everything. its about learning how to ask questions. listen to this perfect example of what I mean, its only 7 minutes.He hooks the world up with some of the best information around. Some is bogus, such as when those so-called medical directors from Texas hospitals were calling in to report alleged ebola patients disappearing, which could have been true, but I and others doubted it and rebutted it on this site, and they stopped talking about it. We can influence his show with our wisdom and our perspective. All we are doing is gathering all the pieces and he has some of those pieces.I like VT also, but to be truthful, I don’t go to either of their sites near as much as I do here. I never log-in to their sites to post comments. I would rather do it on this type of platform where people like you and I can discuss these things. Where you and I might not agree, someone else may learn something. But I want to compare it here, side by side. I like Glenn Canady, but when he post things from VT, he disables comments which tells me he and VT really don’t want to hear what I have to say about it on this site.Try and rebut what you can, and then let the Truth stand on its own merit. I wouldn’t get all my news from him and I am sure he would tell you the same thing, such as activistpost. I want to hear all of it so I can reach my own conclusions. I can vouch for a large majority of things that he says that I am not going to discuss here, its personally too revealing for me. He does stand up and make an issue of things that people suffer under that cannot speak for themselves and his crew is good too. I’m sure there are strings involved that we cannot see, but that could and probably is true most everywhere.Just remember, the simple minded believes every word, but the wise considers his step.Seems to me that you anonymous (gutless with no credibility) and Dragonslayer are a double act ! A nobody asks a question and Dragonslayer just happens to have all his ammunition of links ready to go !AJ is there to discredit anyone seeking the truth behind this global mess ! He will bring most issues up because his hyped manner does not lend itself to credibility just derision from anyone with a modicum of intelligence not on ice or crack. He acts very irrationally at times, hyped up to the eyeballs and therefore placing truth seekers and ANY story he talks about into the lunatic fringe element of society.He’ll go away (at least I hope so) for a while, and release “special reports” every so often, to paint himself as the next Snowden. He wants people to believe that for all the claims “They’ll want to kill me for telling you this”, that he’s finally in hiding, and afraid for his life.Sun worship has nothing to do with the return of the Son of God, Jesus, The Christ! Am well aware of much of the symbolism, words, etc., that rules this world, and in the New Testament, just as Mr. Maxwell is. Which version of the Holy Bible does Mr. Maxwell rely on? Makes a big difference.I don’t understand how this news source (Veterans Today) always pictures Alex Jones as a government misinformation agent? So what if he changed his name, I might also if I was in the lime light against such odds. I have read everything you post against him and yet you have nothing. Why in the world would the government hire someone to stand out in the streets of NY and say 911 was an inside job? So what if the Jews were involved, that would be common sense. A miss information channel, would be someone who puts down a true news source with no evidence, which appears to be here, as I only find truth on his channel. I will bet the same people who are constantly spouting off about him being untrue, have never watched his channel. Which would make these people, the ones spreading untruth, keeping their listeners from important information sounds just like how miss information works. Just show me one tape, where Alex Jones is spreading even one lie? and quite being so mind controlled.The point of the government hiring for “acts” such as these, is that they learn who the real patriots are, which is most important when it comes to rounding people up for the fema camps, etc. It also, ironically, gets those same people to spend their money buying items from the same people who want to round Him up and kill them. The sad thing for Hicks-Jones is, they will kill Him before long. they aren’t going to allow this to get out of control and have this “outed”. Unfortunately for Him, and I do mean unfortunately, because most of us really do hate to see anybody get hurt, unfortunately I think He s going to meet His demise, accidentally, of course before the years end. One of those sad things that comes about when yo make a act with the devil. Pray for Him that He makes His peace with God before they come for Him.Alex Jones engages in a form of propaganda known as a “limited hangout.” In other words, he doesn’t tell the whole truth about certain issues. By doing so, he functions as a gatekeeper for special interests.Alex Jones engages in a form of propaganda known as a “limited hangout.” By doing so, he does not tell the whole truth concerning certain issues. He also functions as a gatekeeper for special interests.Jordan Maxwell’s revelations concerning the “occult” pierce the veil of lies orchestrated by those led by Satan, aka Lucifer, who goes by many names in many “cult” ures. Thus is the true nature of this evil world. The whole world, all its kings and kingdoms, are under the power of the evil one, however, time grows short.For the past two years, notice that Alex Jones gets very scared when someone mentions the Sandy Hook Hoax. He either disagrees with the caller or cuts them off. This is a dead giveaway that AJ is a paid disinformation agent. If there is any hoax mentioned he sides with the government line…..or he simply changes the subject.That is so unlike Alex Jones, that I don’t believe it. I think that’s just a lookalike. I definitely don’t think he’s Bill Hicks because although there is some resemblance, it’s not him. That’s like saying that Jeff Daniels is the reincarnation of George Washington because when he played Washington in the movie “The Crossing” he looked a lot like him. It’s true that Alex Jones is British because his first cousin is Paul Joseph Watson, which makes it even more ironic that he ragged out Piers Morgan and called him a Redcoat on national TV.I think if AJ was a real truther they wouldn’t have even let him on the Piers Morgan show for fear of what he might say. That right there is proof of him being controlled opposition. When he was on that show he just looked stupid. They want to deter people from the real truth movement by making it’s leaders appear to be raving lunatics.You’re right, and Jones could be just a controlled opposition. It’s weird how some subjects are off limits with him, like Building 7, or JFK. He claims to have been followed by the feds when he was interviewed on Piers Morgan, but I’m like why would the feds be following him around? It’s not like he’s a criminal or something. I do like Alex Jones even though he is a bit of a fear-monger, and I have no idea what made him do a video as crazy as that. Drugs? After watching it a couple of times, I’ve come to the conclusion that it really is him, and not some lookalike, and he doesn’t look like he’s kidding either. Very strange.Jones is controlled opposition who is funded by numerous jews. Jones won’t touch the Zionist Jesuit controlled bank issue and calls them globalists. Jones is an agitator, according to Jones, going back to 1999, , Russia has been ready to invade us any minute. Now, he reports that the US is provoking Russia. I’ve seen jones disrupting peaceful protests with his mega phone. I’ve seen jones bashing police at protests and later shaking hands with those same officers. After his lunatic rant on pierces morgan, he’s seen after the show asking morgan if the rating’s were high enough, could they’d do it again? Peirce was all for it but his ratings were so far in the toilet, even the alex jones circus act could not save him Look up who funds jones and you’ll see it’s the same ppl jones reports are taking over the world and trying to enslave us.What an idiot.Do you not know what satire is.Wow guess you got it out for Alex.Instead of posting this crap,why dont you actually watch his show.You might learn something.You are what makes alt media look bad.I dont agree with everything he says,but most of it is backed up by fact checking it yourself.