The primary difference between this album and the previous two is that Fafard chose to stick with a core trio in Ad Perpetuum. This group is quite the powerhouse - Antoine Fafard, Jerry De Villiers Jr, and Vinnie Colaiuta. In his previous works, Fafard employed different musicians for each track. While I really do enjoy hearing all of the world class drummers on the other albums, I am more than thrilled with the performances of Vinnie Colaiuta on Ad Perpetuum.In fact, Fafard's compositions really allow Colaiuta to unleash, in ways we don't hear often enough. This album is one of the rare gems in his discography where the music truly allows him to give it 100%. This makes it one of my favorite Colaiuta albums to date. And, in fact, I think the musicianship from the other guys on Ad Perpetuum sets this album apart from the others.One of my favorite aspects of Fafard's compositions is the depth of expressiveness which comes through. None of the songs feel complex of the sake of complexity - rather, the complexity is used to achieve a higher level of musical creativity. You can really feel the level of connection these musicians have with their instruments.The thing which surprised me most about Ad Perpetuum is the performance of Jerry De Villiers Jr. I had never heard of him before, but I knew Fafard would only choose a truly outstanding guitarist for this album. Once again, I was blown away by the authenticity of the expression Jerry De Villiers Jr achieves on the guitar. Not only can you hear the extreme technical precision, but you can feel the passion with which he performs on every single song.Another feature of this album is the two-drummer performance with Vinnie Colaiuta and Gary Husband. Both of these drummers are known for their time with Allan Holdsworth. It's fun to hear them play together on Ad Perpetuum.Finally, I must say that Fafard did an incredible job with the compositions. Not only do they portray Fafard's incredible bass playing, they serve as a platform upon which the other musicians shine brightly. Such broad avenues of self-expression are all too rare in today's world, and it is inspiring to hear this great group perform at such a high level.