Shahid Afridi: The 1992 World Cup. I was very young but I remember it was Ramadan and I was getting up in the morning at four o'clock and watching the matches. That was great. We didn't start well, but we ended it well. That was great leadership from Imran Khan.Sohaib Maqsood: The one I remember most is the 1999 World Cup. I remember most of the games. I still remember the key game we won against Australia, when we saw Wasim Akram bowl those lovely yorkers at the end. And I remember that hard defeat we had in the final. We did really well in the whole World Cup and then couldn't put up a good show in the final. As a kid, after watching that final we were really disappointed, and after the first innings Pakistan played we went out into the street and played our own World Cup.Ahmed Shehzad: I used to watch Inzamam-ul-Haq. I didn't get to see a lot of World Cups glued to the TV, only the good games, the big games - India v Pakistan, the semi-finals, the finals. I always wanted to play the game and practise for it.Wahab Riaz: The final that Pakistan played here in the 1992 World Cup. I remember that Wasim Akram spell in the final.Sarfraz Ahmed: The 1999 World Cup. I watched all the matches. I remember watching Wasim Akram and Shaoib Akhtar bowling and Moin Khan batting.Who will be the breakthrough player in this World Cup?Afridi: Ahmed Shehzad. He's very aggressive, very positive. He can show the world he is someone.Maqsood: Ahmed Shehzad is going to be one of those players to look at in this World Cup. He has been really doing well for Pakistan over the last two years now and he's been a top performer, so I'm really looking forward to see him doing well in this tournament.Shehzad:Yasir Shah. He's a legspinner, he just played against Australia in the Test series and he did wonders for us. I wish him all the luck because he's a wonderful bloke and a wonderful bowler. I want him to do wonders and he's the one everyone should look out for.Wahab: Sohaib Maqsood. The conditions suit him a lot and he's a good attacking cricketer. He's aggressive and I think he can take on any bowler in the world.Sarfraz: I think my whole team is a breakthrough team. We are working very hard.Who is the best death bowler you've seen?Afridi: Wasim Akram.Maqsood: Wasim and Waqar Younis. As a Pakistani kid I have grown up watching their bowling and seeing them bowl really well in the death overs. You don't see that much these days.Shehzad: I think Lasith Malinga. He's in his 30s but he still can bowl some very good yorkers and if you go back two years I think he was unbelievable. He still is. He's working really hard. I've never seen anybody bowl yorkers the way he did in the past. He was so accurate with it, so powerful with it. If you asked him to bowl six yorkers in a row he would bowl them.Wahab: Wasim. He used to bowl reverse swing, he used to bowl yorkers, he had a lot of varieties.Sarfraz: Wasim, Shoaib Akhtar and Waqar and, at the moment, Malinga.Who are Pakistan going to play in the final?Afridi: Any team, but I want Pakistan in the final. New Zealand have a very good combination and Australia have done well. Both of them are playing at home as well.Maqsood: Inshallah if we do. There are plenty of good teams in this World Cup. South Africa is probably one of the strongest, and Australia as well, especially in their home conditions. So I think either Australia or South Africa.Shehzad: It's a tough question. We won't take New Zealand lightly in this World Cup because they have a very good combination under Bendan McCullum and they've done really well over the past six or seven months. We should never underestimate them.Maqsood: In recent times I would say de Villiers. He has every gear of batting. If he has to come in on survival mode, he plays really well, and he's the most dangerous when he attacks the bowlers. He's a really, really devastating player to watch.Shehzad:Chris Gayle and Shahid Afridi. These two are legends and they've done wonders for their countries and I hope in this World Cup they play some innings everyone will enjoy.Wahab: There are a few but if you want one who is playing now, de Villiers.Maqsood: I still remember the 1999 semi-final between South Africa and Australia which ended up as a tie and Australia qualified for the final. I've seen enough of the highlights - they were always on television, every two or three months. That's one of the best games I've ever seen.Shehzad: The 1992 semi-final, Pakistan v New Zealand. They were ahead of us and Inzamam-ul-Haq played the most memorable innings of his life, which was the height of his career. I think that's a match one should remember.Wahab: I think the 1992 World Cup semi-finals. We beat New Zealand. It was a close game. I was only eight or nine years old. The semi-final was on a school day and we got the day off for the semi-final and the final, so it was a holiday. We will try to repeat history, we will try to win the World Cup here. We are tigers.Sarfraz: Best I've ever seen are the highlights of the 1992 World Cup final. I was very young but I remember the highlights.Have you ever had a proper job?Afridi: No. I started playing cricket when I was very young and I was selected to play for Pakistan when I was 16 or 17, so had no need for a job. That was the job.Maqsood: I worked in England when I played league cricket. I'm not going to tell you exactly what it was but I worked there for two years. You can say it was a shop.Shehzad: No. I was very young and studying at school when I joined a club. I always wanted to play cricket. That is my passion and that is my life. I never thought of doing anything else and I never will.Wahab: No, I have never done any kind of job.Sarfraz: No.Who is the best finisher ever?Afridi:Michael Bevan. He was very talented and a very good player. I've never seen a finisher like him. You can say Steve Waugh as well.Ahmed Shahzad has great natural abbilities.But he is not playing to his potential.His natural game is to attack.He starts his inning slowly,spinners suffocate him because of his innability to turn the strike,when he tries to break the shackles he gets out like 54 off 80 delliveries when req.run rate is 6.This tactic is against his natural game,which is not working.Now,he should play freely in powerplays to compensate the no.of dots that he plays against the spinners.I have been watching him bat for last 3 to 4 yrs,he is not aggressive,commentators and peole are misleading the public and ahmed by saying that he plays aggressively.M.Faheem on February 10, 2015, 11:58 GMTAhmed Shehzad resembles Kohli, but he should not think that adopting Kohli's arrogance can make him a batsman like Kohli.RoshanF on February 10, 2015, 11:58 GMTI too think that the 1999 semi final between Australia and South Africa was the greatest ODI ever played. Unbelievable tension, excitement and how the pendulum swung wildly from one side to another. In order I think Pakistan, South Africa and Australia were the best teams but the latter ended up winning because they approached the final better.M.Faheem on February 10, 2015, 11:56 GMTThe most amazing question was: "Who are Pakistan going to play in the final?"Being a Pakistan supporter, I believe this this time the biggest concern for us is to surpass Ireland to reach Quarterfinals.sagittarius_miju127 on February 10, 2015, 3:51 GMTlet's see what happens till the knock out stage.Vindaliew on February 10, 2015, 2:57 GMTAnyone else REALLY curious about what job Sohaib Maqsood had in the UK? :)Seriously, though - he does answer really well. I've no recollection of him as a player, but perhaps the best players may not be the best thinkers.on February 10, 2015, 1:51 GMTThe two host countries are well prepared and in form, add SA to that , that is 3 of the final 4. Rest of the teams have to scramble for the last spot. That is my prediction. One more thing, it will be very high scoring games like we have seen in the last past few months. Asian teams at a disadvantage and will have a hard time keeping up with Warner, McCallum, Maxwell, ABdeV and the like. It will be a treat to the fans .t20cric on February 9, 2015, 23:50 GMTIs it just me or does anyone else think that Sarfraz's answers stand out from the rest. All these other guys look like they know what they are talking about but Sarfraz doesn't seem like it. In most questions he simply picked the most popular answer while Maqsood's answers look more thought out. Sarfraz said that guys like Inzi, Yousuf, Ponting & Tendulkar are the most destructive batsmen he ever saw. Maybe they're the best but I can think of many guys who are more destructive & played in the same time as these guys: Afridi, Gayle, Gilchrist, Sehwag, Jayasuria. And the thing that really surprised me is that he said Inzi is the best finisher when he played most of his games at 4 & 5 which is middle order. Interesting to see that Afridi & Maqsood say Shehzad is the key player. If I was asked the same question I would probably say Maqsood since he looks like our best batsman. But Shehzad is also a very good batsman who needs to get consistent & stop being selfish & over confident.on February 9, 2015, 19:52 GMTwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaooooo nice great patriotism by unbelievable team like this best wishes for tem @pkTaimor-016 on February 9, 2015, 19:02 GMTGuys, Shehzad is not over rated. He is really talented. However, the biggest problem Shehzad has is that he "shows" that he is way way confident. At times, I really don't like his attitude towards the game. This guy can do so much for Pak cricket but he needs to swallow his pride first. I've watched his attitude and batting very closely in past few months. I've even followed his MOM-presentations/interviews. He just seems to be lost in being way-over-confident. He needs to get over his pride. His average in ODI's will always be stuck in mid 30's if he continues to act like that.Unfortunately, along with Shehzad, we have another batsman in our team who is so talented but has always been immature and a poor-learner of the game - Umer Akmal.on February 10, 2015, 13:44 GMTAhmed Shahzad has great natural abbilities.But he is not playing to his potential.His natural game is to attack.He starts his inning slowly,spinners suffocate him because of his innability to turn the strike,when he tries to break the shackles he gets out like 54 off 80 delliveries when req.run rate is 6.This tactic is against his natural game,which is not working.Now,he should play freely in powerplays to compensate the no.of dots that he plays against the spinners.I have been watching him bat for last 3 to 4 yrs,he is not aggressive,commentators and peole are misleading the public and ahmed by saying that he plays aggressively.M.Faheem on February 10, 2015, 11:58 GMTAhmed Shehzad resembles Kohli, but he should not think that adopting Kohli's arrogance can make him a batsman like Kohli.RoshanF on February 10, 2015, 11:58 GMTI too think that the 1999 semi final between Australia and South Africa was the greatest ODI ever played. Unbelievable tension, excitement and how the pendulum swung wildly from one side to another. In order I think Pakistan, South Africa and Australia were the best teams but the latter ended up winning because they approached the final better.M.Faheem on February 10, 2015, 11:56 GMTThe most amazing question was: "Who are Pakistan going to play in the final?"Being a Pakistan supporter, I believe this this time the biggest concern for us is to surpass Ireland to reach Quarterfinals.sagittarius_miju127 on February 10, 2015, 3:51 GMTlet's see what happens till the knock out stage.Vindaliew on February 10, 2015, 2:57 GMTAnyone else REALLY curious about what job Sohaib Maqsood had in the UK? :)Seriously, though - he does answer really well. I've no recollection of him as a player, but perhaps the best players may not be the best thinkers.on February 10, 2015, 1:51 GMTThe two host countries are well prepared and in form, add SA to that , that is 3 of the final 4. Rest of the teams have to scramble for the last spot. That is my prediction. One more thing, it will be very high scoring games like we have seen in the last past few months. Asian teams at a disadvantage and will have a hard time keeping up with Warner, McCallum, Maxwell, ABdeV and the like. It will be a treat to the fans .t20cric on February 9, 2015, 23:50 GMTIs it just me or does anyone else think that Sarfraz's answers stand out from the rest. All these other guys look like they know what they are talking about but Sarfraz doesn't seem like it. In most questions he simply picked the most popular answer while Maqsood's answers look more thought out. Sarfraz said that guys like Inzi, Yousuf, Ponting & Tendulkar are the most destructive batsmen he ever saw. Maybe they're the best but I can think of many guys who are more destructive & played in the same time as these guys: Afridi, Gayle, Gilchrist, Sehwag, Jayasuria. And the thing that really surprised me is that he said Inzi is the best finisher when he played most of his games at 4 & 5 which is middle order. Interesting to see that Afridi & Maqsood say Shehzad is the key player. If I was asked the same question I would probably say Maqsood since he looks like our best batsman. But Shehzad is also a very good batsman who needs to get consistent & stop being selfish & over confident.on February 9, 2015, 19:52 GMTwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaooooo nice great patriotism by unbelievable team like this best wishes for tem @pkTaimor-016 on February 9, 2015, 19:02 GMTGuys, Shehzad is not over rated. He is really talented. However, the biggest problem Shehzad has is that he "shows" that he is way way confident. At times, I really don't like his attitude towards the game. This guy can do so much for Pak cricket but he needs to swallow his pride first. I've watched his attitude and batting very closely in past few months. I've even followed his MOM-presentations/interviews. He just seems to be lost in being way-over-confident. He needs to get over his pride. His average in ODI's will always be stuck in mid 30's if he continues to act like that.Unfortunately, along with Shehzad, we have another batsman in our team who is so talented but has always been immature and a poor-learner of the game - Umer Akmal.on February 9, 2015, 17:29 GMTKohli is good player but not destructive. I am feeling that Ahmed Shehzad is being over rated. He is not aggressive. In fact, he is following the foot steps of Younis and Misbah who were, are & will never be good batsmen of Shorter Version of Cricket.Papa-cricket on February 9, 2015, 15:53 GMTIts good to see the players in good spirits and looking to win. Wouldn't it be great if the great Imran Khan shows up on practice on day wearing his cornered tiger shirt support his team?on February 9, 2015, 15:50 GMT@ ABKDK- So what are you doing here then?Papa-cricket on February 9, 2015, 15:47 GMTIts good to see the players in good spirits and looking to win. Wouldn't it be great if the great Imran Khan shows up on practice on day wearing his cornered tiger shirt support his team?on February 9, 2015, 15:40 GMT@Black Bird...LOL...It's such a pity that peole like you can't appreciate a real gem. All you guys want is just our batsmen piling on worthless runs on useless home pitches. ABD has got to be the best batsman in any format of the game...and he has been for quite sometime now.Dhawan..Rohit..LOL.get well soon mate.aameraza on February 9, 2015, 15:19 GMTI would really love to see Pakistan players man up. I think our batters are too meek and fail to cope with pressure. I also feel that the lack of expectations at home should actually be a good thing.on February 9, 2015, 15:09 GMT@ABKDK This is your first time hearing of Sarfraz? Where have you been?Abkdk on February 9, 2015, 14:08 GMTajmal shehzad - over rated batsman (by pakistanis) other country ppl wont even rate him shahid afridi - average bowler worst batsman (legend according to pakistanis) maqsood, sarfraz etc : first time hearing their names. so no commentiBhubesi on February 9, 2015, 12:34 GMT@Black_Bird... Indeed. No other cricketer outside of the sub-continent is worthy of high praise... De Villiers with a ODI average of more than 50 and a strike rate of over 90 is just not good enough... Despite being the only man to score 2 hundreds having come out to bat after the 30th over; he is just not good enough to tie the shoe laces of a very inconsistent Dhawan who can't hit it out of the square on bouncy wickets... Even the little known Rayudu is better.... All hail Kohli, Dhawan, Rahane and Rayudu....on February 9, 2015, 12:20 GMTI am an Indian and I can comfortably say that De Villiers is better than all the present Indian Batsman. He has proven he can score anywhere in the world.He can defend and attack in equal measure.on February 9, 2015, 12:09 GMTLOL Black_Bird, so deluded, only Kohli is good enough to even stand at the other end with AB. They are all decent batsman, no doubt but De Villiers has all round talent and as Maqsood said he has the ability to go through all the gears from coming out into a situation where he has to grind an innings back from a poor start to coming out like he did in his record making innings and spanking it about in the final 15.Overrated pinch hitter! He has an average of 52 in both tests and ODI's with 21 test centuries from less than 100 matches! He's scored those runs in almost every country he's played in, unlike most of those Indian's who often struggle away from familiar surroundings.on February 9, 2015, 12:07 GMT@Blackbird AB de Villiers is way better than any of the Indians batsmen. He's not a overrated player. He deserves all the applause and credit. He's a complete package. He can bat, Hit the bowl hard, construct innings; He can keep wickets plus an excellent player. He's not just a great batsmen but a great overall player. Please learn to appreciate others.vallemj on February 9, 2015, 11:52 GMTBlack_bird you are a joke. De Villiers is better than every Indian player past and present, all Indian batsman are flat track bullies and dont have half the skill De Villiers has, and yes by past and present I do mean his better than Tendulkar.docsan5 on February 9, 2015, 10:46 GMTLoL Shehzad! Afridi is at best a bowler who can hold his bat...do not have to look at his avg, just look at his approach to batting!!on February 9, 2015, 10:23 GMTgood read. look confident and winning first couple of matches will give them & fans more confidence. good luckblack_bird on February 9, 2015, 10:03 GMTDe villiers is nowhere near to any of the indian batsman. Kohli, dhawan, rahane, rohit, raydu all are better than him. He is just an overrated pinch hitter. india is the best.on February 9, 2015, 7:42 GMT@AZTECS what make u think that they dont know about their opponent....they said that NZ has a very balanced side and they have a chance in this WCon February 9, 2015, 7:41 GMTSurprising to see that none of these players have mentioned Virendrd Sehwag in their list of most destructive batsmen,as Sehwag kept on destroying pakistani bowling every other match!on February 9, 2015, 7:35 GMTInshaAllah, prayers with my team! We will do well as we are the under dogs this time. We will perform InshaAllah <3on February 9, 2015, 7:25 GMTGreat to watch, and nice answers by Ahmad and Maqsood...on February 9, 2015, 5:37 GMTWonderful Answers by them, I hope they will play well in this worldcup, Good luck to themon February 8, 2015, 18:58 GMT@aztecs: You are probably right about our lack of knowledge, I don't think it surprises me. Having said that, I am glad to see them take each other's names. It is also pleasant to see Wahab Riaz being so positive. It remains to be seen what our beloved countrymen will present us with, our antics are so often mentioned it has become a cliche.on February 8, 2015, 17:57 GMTvery positive intent especially for each other, seems to be well bonded unit . Hope so 'll be shown in the ground as well.aztecs on February 8, 2015, 17:05 GMTNice read but shows me that they dont know their opponents very well. This also indicates that Pakistan are a decade behind the other full member states...in fact i would go as far as stating they are even behind of Ireland in terms of knowing your opponents strengths and weaknesses. For example i would say that New Zealand have the best bowling attack in the world at the moment.....they are probably the most balanced side...closely followed by SA and OZ. It will be a New Zealand /Pakistan/South Africa final.....India will lose for the first time as Pakistan wont be under as much pressure to do well and this will work to their advantage....plus they play better on bouncy tracks then India do....Oz will get to Semi's but will get knocked out.on February 8, 2015, 14:20 GMTWonderful! Enjoyed reading it! Best of luck to my whole team, and I pray we win this World Cup! Pakistan rocks!No featured comments at the moment.on February 8, 2015, 14:20 GMTWonderful! Enjoyed reading it! Best of luck to my whole team, and I pray we win this World Cup! Pakistan rocks!aztecs on February 8, 2015, 17:05 GMTNice read but shows me that they dont know their opponents very well. This also indicates that Pakistan are a decade behind the other full member states...in fact i would go as far as stating they are even behind of Ireland in terms of knowing your opponents strengths and weaknesses. For example i would say that New Zealand have the best bowling attack in the world at the moment.....they are probably the most balanced side...closely followed by SA and OZ. It will be a New Zealand /Pakistan/South Africa final.....India will lose for the first time as Pakistan wont be under as much pressure to do well and this will work to their advantage....plus they play better on bouncy tracks then India do....Oz will get to Semi's but will get knocked out.on February 8, 2015, 17:57 GMTvery positive intent especially for each other, seems to be well bonded unit . Hope so 'll be shown in the ground as well.on February 8, 2015, 18:58 GMT@aztecs: You are probably right about our lack of knowledge, I don't think it surprises me. Having said that, I am glad to see them take each other's names. It is also pleasant to see Wahab Riaz being so positive. It remains to be seen what our beloved countrymen will present us with, our antics are so often mentioned it has become a cliche.on February 9, 2015, 5:37 GMTWonderful Answers by them, I hope they will play well in this worldcup, Good luck to themon February 9, 2015, 7:25 GMTGreat to watch, and nice answers by Ahmad and Maqsood...on February 9, 2015, 7:35 GMTInshaAllah, prayers with my team! We will do well as we are the under dogs this time. We will perform InshaAllah <3on February 9, 2015, 7:41 GMTSurprising to see that none of these players have mentioned Virendrd Sehwag in their list of most destructive batsmen,as Sehwag kept on destroying pakistani bowling every other match!on February 9, 2015, 7:42 GMT@AZTECS what make u think that they dont know about their opponent....they said that NZ has a very balanced side and they have a chance in this WCblack_bird on February 9, 2015, 10:03 GMTDe villiers is nowhere near to any of the indian batsman. Kohli, dhawan, rahane, rohit, raydu all are better than him. He is just an overrated pinch hitter. india is the best.