SEE AWARDSHi! Welcome to my Rule Of Thirds challenge.The Rule of Thirds is one of the most common and powerful composition guides a photographer can use. The term came into use in the 1700's and can be seen in various media including films and paintings. For this challenge i'm looking for strong visuals that follow the rule but are not limited to any particular subject matter, so you have lots of latitude to have some fun. I will provide tips and resources throughout the challenge. Good Luck!Bryan is an award-winning fashion and travel photographer who has won numerous awards in prestigious international competitions including Editorial Travel Magazine Image of the Year 2013, Digital Photographer of the Year Award 2008 (Landscape) and Winner of the American Express Travel Photography Award. Bryan’s work has appeared in top magazines and newspapers including the National Geographic and The BBC. Bryan was chosen as the youngest group board member of the Royal Photographic Society in the history of the board. He is also a member of the Board of Directors for the New York Photographers and Writers Association and when not on assignment teaches private photography classes and run photography safaris.Submission format:Bonus Submits:Participation:Copyright:You maintain copyright to all photos you submit. You must own all submitted images. If you submit images that don't belong to you you will be permanently removed from the website.Eligibility:Challenge void where prohibited. Open to all photographers worldwide 13+ years of age. Photos must not contain obscene, provocative, defamatory, sexually explicit, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate content. Photos deemed inappropriate will be disqualified.Voting:Voting is by members of the site only. The voting system uses a "blind voting" method which is designed to keep the voting as fair as possible. Don't ask your friends to vote for you. The system makes it pointless.What format and size of photos should I submit?How many photos can I submit?2 photo submits per participant to start. You then get up to 6 "bonus" Submits. 3 bonus submits for voting. Up to 3 more bonus submits for sharing the fact that you joined the challenge in your social networks – Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and Pinterest.Who is eligible to join a challenges?The challenges are open to all photographers from around the world who are 13+ years of age. Photos must not contain obscene, provocative, defamatory, sexually explicit, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate content. Photos deemed inappropriate will be disqualified.Are my photos protected? Do I maintain ownership?Yes, you maintain full ownership and copyright to all photos you submit. You must own all submitted images. If you submit images that don't belong to you and your photos will be permanently removed from the website.Who chooses the contest winners and how are these winners selected?There are three awards in a challenge; Top Photographer Award, Top Photo award & Guru's Top Pick. The Top Photographer Award goes to the participant who receives the most votes from members of the website. The Top Photo Award goes to the participant whose photo receives the most votes. Guru’s Top Pick goes to the participant whose photo is chosen by the challenge Guru.Are there any rules regarding the alterations of the original image? Post–processing etc.Unless explicitly stated in the rules of a specific challenge you are allowed to submit photos that have undergone post–processing.Can I submit the same photo to multiple challenges?Sure. The same photo can be submitted to unlimited multiple challenges.Who can vote?Any member of the website.What's the difference between a Vote and a Like?Votes are more substantial than Likes. Votes are given in the voting system and help you move up the rankings.Likes simply mean someone is saying they like your photo but don't affect your ranking in the challenge.How does the voting system work?Voting is by members of the website only and is designed using a proprietary method to keep the voting as fair as possible. You will be presented a set of up to 100 photos at a time and asked to vote for up to 10 of your favorite photos each round. The system is designed to give all participants and equal opportunity by ensure that everyone’s photos receive equal exposure regardless of when they joined the challenge.You will not see your own photosEach voting session only a part of a challenge's photos are presented.The same photos may appear in different voting sessions.The miggo Strap & Wrap is the world’s first camera strap that morphs into a protective case. Comfortably carry your DSLR, mirrorless or Superzoom camera across your torso. When done shooting, just wrap miggo around your camera and slip it into your personal bag to protect it from scratches and impact.