Read Chapter 1 of Burning for Her Kiss by Sherri Hayes #BDSM #EroticRomanceBeth Davenport tried to ignore all the stares she received when she entered the club. It had been three months since she’d stepped foot inside Serpent’s Kiss. She knew showing up would mean she’d be the hot topic of gossip for the evening. Her best friend and fellow Domme, Nicole, had warned her about the rumors floating around. They were surprisingly accurate as far as rumors went except no one knew how Beth had come to find out about Ben’s lies. Only Nicole knew the whole truth, and Beth wanted to keep it that way.Domme or not, finding out a large portion of the life you’d been living for the last three years was a lie left Beth broken in a lot of ways. She wasn’t even sure why she’d come to the club. Oh, that’s right. It was Nicole’s hounding over the last two weeks. Nicole had insisted three months was enough moping.Every Friday afternoon for the last month, Nicole had called Beth asking if she was going to put in an appearance at Serpent’s Kiss. Each time, Beth had weaseled out of it. Her friend had even enlisted Katrina’s help more than once.The club mistress was a formidable woman in her late forties. She’d been married to a man who wanted no part in her kinky ways. Beth didn’t know her back then, but the way the story went was that at forty-four, her husband was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer. He’d died within two months. The sudden change in Katrina’s life prompted her to take stock. Six months later, she opened Serpent’s Kiss.While Beth admired Katrina and her take-the-bull-by-the-horns attitude, Beth wasn’t sure she was ready to be back at the club. Unfortunately, when Katrina had put her on the spot, Beth hadn’t been able to say no. Both Katrina and Nicole had been incredibly supportive after what had happened with Ben. While Beth had no desire to put herself back out into the dating world—it was the last thing she wanted at the moment—Nicole and Katrina had convinced her that she needed to get out and mingle. She had friends here, and it wasn’t right for her to turn her back on them because Ben had been a class-A jerk.So here she was, sitting with Nicole and a group of their friends. Beth was the only Dominant in their group without a sub. It was a little awkward, but she tried to ignore it and have a good time. Nicole was right about one thing, Beth had missed her friends. She wasn’t going to let what Ben did tarnish that.“I think you have an admirer,” Nicole whispered in Beth’s ear, jarring her from her thoughts.“What?”Nicole scooted closer to her. “There’s a guy across the room that hasn’t been able to take his eyes off you for the last fifteen minutes. I’d say he’s interested.”Beth didn’t even bother to look. “I’m not.”“Oh, come on. He’s hot, and I happen to know he’s a sub.”“That doesn’t change anything. I’m not ready to get back into the dating pool again.”Her friend rolled her eyes. “Well, you don’t have to date him, you know.”She shook her head. “I’m not into playing with random subs and you know it. Even if I was, I don’t think I could even do that after everything.”Nicole nodded and turned back to their group, effectively leaving Beth to fend for herself. Taking a deep breath, Beth prepared herself for whatever line this guy was going to try to sell her.Her heart pounded as she felt him drawing closer, but Beth refused to show any outward signs that she was aware of the man. It would only encourage him.To her surprise, instead of coming over and trying to sweet-talk her, the guy sat down in the chair to her right and said nothing. It was odd to be sure, but since she wasn’t interested in the slightest anyway, Beth decided to ignore him and refocus on her friends’ conversation. Maybe he’d eventually get the idea and go away. Or maybe she was only being paranoid and he didn’t walk across the room for her at all.Ignoring him turned out to be more difficult than Beth originally thought. Although he didn’t attempt to engage her in conversation, she felt his presence beside her. Even with her eyes purposely averted, Beth knew he wasn’t a small man. She’d seen enough in her peripheral vision to know he was tall and nicely proportioned.No matter how aware she was of his presence, Beth outwardly ignored him. That was until she finished off her drink. She scooted forward in her seat, preparing to head to the bar for a refill, but he moved, too, inevitably drawing her attention. “May I, ma’am?”Beth tilted her head to look at him for the first time, and all the moisture seemed to disappear from her throat. Cute did not begin to describe the man sitting next to her. He was tall and lean, but she wouldn’t call him lanky with his broad shoulders and muscled arms. His hair was a light brown and he was clean-shaven, but it was his eyes that drew her in. They were the most amazing baby blue.When she didn’t respond, he repeated his question. “May I get you a refill on your drink, ma’am?”“Y-yes.” Then, catching herself, she spoke again with more confidence. “Um. No. Thank you. I don’t know you from Adam.”He extended his hand. “Drew Parker.”She raised an eyebrow.“Allison and John will vouch for me. No funny business. I promise.” He tilted his head toward another Femdom, Allison, and her longtime boyfriend and sub, John. Beth knew them both, although not well.Beth waited until Allison looked in her direction, and gave her a questioning look. Allison smiled and nodded.Reluctantly, Beth handed her glass to the man sitting beside her.“What would you like?” he asked.“The bartender knows. Just tell him it’s for Beth.” Her answer came out more clipped than usual. She wanted him to take his leave as quickly as possible before she went and did something stupid. Beth kept her gaze on him as he walked away. Her stomach was doing flip-flops and she didn’t like it one bit.He returned a few minutes later and handed her a small glass filled with half Coke and half Sprite. Beth rarely drank alcohol, and never at the club. Whenever she came to Serpent’s Kiss, she was either playing with Ben or she was alone where she’d have to drive home. Either way, she didn’t drink.After taking the glass from Drew, she turned back to her friends, effectively ignoring her unwanted admirer once more. Nicole had a knowing smirk on her face thatBeth desperately wished she could wipe off. Maybe she could borrow one of the club’s floggers. It had been a while since she’d thrown one, and she had to admit the thought of having the leather in her hands again was appealing.For the next hour, Drew continued to sit beside her in silence as she chatted with her friends. Everyone in their small group brought Beth up to date on what was going on in their lives. Meanwhile, her new admirer said nothing. And although he did little more than sit there, he was making her uneasy. Every one of her nerve endings seemed to be aware of him.Finally, Beth couldn’t take it any longer and turned to face him. “I don’t know what you’re looking for, but let me spell out exactly what I’m not looking for. I’m not looking for a submissive and I don’t play with random partners.”“I understand.” His voice was smooth, and it sent tingles down her spine. This was not good.She quirked an eyebrow at him. “You understand?”“Yes, ma’am.”Beth waited for him to leave, but he remained where he was. “So if you know I’m not looking for a relationship or a play partner then why are you sitting here?”“I’d like to get to know you, if you’re agreeable.” He sounded sincere.“You want to be friends?” she asked.“Yes, ma’am.”“Why?”He shrugged. “You seem interesting.”Beth gave him a hard look trying to decide if he was telling the truth or not. She never used to question her judgment, but after Ben, everything was different. “Do you have a mistress?”“No, ma’am. I’m pretty new to the lifestyle.”“How new?”“A few months.” His gaze never left hers.“Have you ever played with a Femdom before?” Why she was asking was beyond her. It wasn’t as if she ever planned on playing with him.“No, ma’am.”Again, she had no idea why she was pressing for information, but the questions kept coming to the forefront of her mind and she kept asking them. “No vanilla girl out there for you?”“I’ve tried vanilla relationships and they don’t work for me. I want a woman to take control.”The image of him tied to a bench completely at her mercy flashed in her mind before she squashed it. No. She would not go down that path.If he wanted to be friends, she could try, she supposed. But there would have to be ground rules—no seeing him outside the club being the number one. She had no idea if he frequented the local munches or not. If so, she would have to be careful. Munches were more laid back. That could open up a whole new set of problems—especially since she was already having a physical reaction to him.Theirs would have to be a lifestyle friendship only. If Drew had questions about BDSM or needed help finding a Domme, she could maybe give him advice. That was it, though. Beth wasn’t ready to get tangled up in another web of emotional attachment.He wrapped his fingers around hers almost reverently. “It’s nice to meet you, Beth Davenport.”Welcome to Serpent's Kiss (Serpent's Kiss 0.5)FREE in FebruarySummary:After losing her husband unexpectedly, Katrina Mayer decided to open Serpent’s Kiss. She wanted it to be a place where she and her fellow kinksters could play and socialize.Five years after the doors opened, the club is everything she’d hoped it would be. On Friday and Saturday nights, Serpent’s Kiss is filled with men and women who share a similar desire to explore the pleasures BDSM has to offer. The club has continued to grow, and over the years, many of its members have become friends.The one thing Katrina didn’t expect when she’d decided to open a club was the human drama that came with it. Learning to balance her life as the club mistress has taken some getting used to, but she wouldn’t change a thing.