Kenya beach: Leaving Diani Beach finally27.05.2010 Idi brought us a coconut and explained how to eat it. With the machete he opened the nut and we tasted the water of the nut. Not my taste at all, the flesh tastes nothing, so not my favorite fruit.Tara was recovering fast, her wound has dried, still a little bit red, but she gained back her vitality. The weather got hotter and hotter and wet, so even during the night it did not cool down, so we built a kind of rain tent around the rear doors to be able to let them open during the night and not to get wet.Kenya beach: Tiwi29.05.2010 Tara recovered pretty well and her hunting instincts were alive again. A monitor lizard, about 1 meter 50 long, passed and Tara immediately started hunting him. I gave her the command to return just in time because a fight with a monitor lizard is not easy and they can be quite dangerous to dogs of Tara’s size.01.06.2010 Today would have been Alexandra’s first working day if we were not on our African trip. A colleague wrote an email, obviously he was thinking to her. Idi was having troubles. With his head down he ran around.I asked him what the matter was. First he did not want to tell me, but finally he told me the story. He has a daughter which was sent home from school because he could not pay the school fee for this month. First I was skeptic if he was telling the truth, yes we were already a little bit Africa experienced, but after discussing this matter I got more convinced that his story might be true. So we gave him the 40 US$ and by his reaction I felt he was really happy and that the story could be true. But you never know in Africa. He earns 8000 Ksh about 100 US$ a month. The school fee for his daughter is about 3700 Ksh. So 4300 Ksh are left for a family to live. Sure he has a small farm where they can grow their veggies and have some hens for eggs. But they only can survive, extra costs are difficult for him to finance.02.06.2010 Tara got her stitches removed by Dr.Peter and she got her annual vaccination as well. We were lucky she had recovered properly.06.06.2010 In the afternoon an old Land Rover Series 3 with South African registration arrived at the campsite. I am a big fan of this car so I was curious. When I talked to this couple I learned that they were Germans from Berlin on an African trip for several years already. They had a young German shepherd dog. They started three years ago in Germany with their bicycles to cross Africa on the West side. They cycled until South Africa then found a job to earn money to continue their African trip. While they were working there, they saved the life of the Shepherd dog, because she was poisoned and so they kept her and called her Midwoch. They continued traveling by bike and a trailer where they transported the dog. But soon they realized that they cannot travel like this with a dog, so they bought this old Land Rover and continued their journey. Now they were on their way back to Germany. We had a lot of fun with them and sat together in the evening with some glasses of wine.Kenya beach:Dhow07.06.2010 Today the insurance guy from Mombasa arrived at the campsite. We needed the yellow card, which is the insurance for all Africa except the countries of the South African Union. I wanted to make it for one year. When the guy came I did not like him at all, but it was a recommendation by Dr.Peter so I trusted the guy, although he did not look trustworthy at all. But he offered a good price, local insurance + yellow card for one year and all countries for about 100 US$. That was quite good because in Ethiopia we payed about 50 US$ for just one month.08.06.2010 In the morning we had to visit Dr.Peter again because Tara got a big cancer like something at her leg. Sven and Nadine the Germans joined us because their dog needed a vaccination. Peter assured that this thing is not harmful and old dog often get this, so no worries. The German’s dog did not want to go to the vet at all and they had to use all their power to get Midwoch into the clinic. Back at the campsite we wanted to buy prawns but one of the fishmongers tried to sell us rotten ones. That is Africa as well, you have always to be careful and bargain and check everything.Later another came and offered very good white snapper for a reasonable price. I think he was sorry and ashamed for the other guy. In the evening we sat together with the German couple and we could test our new kerosene lamp. Our Coleman Petrol lamp (150 US$ stuff), did not work anymore, not suited for an African trip, so we bought this old fashioned Kerosene lamp, which our grand grandfathers already used. The lamp was 2 US$, one liter Kerosene is about 70 US cents, not bad and it is technically completely simple. And it spreads a warm light.09.06.2010 Today we wanted to continue with our journey because Tara had recovered, rainy season was almost over, but it was raining heavily, so we had to postpone our departure.10.06.2010 Finally, after a long stop in Tiwi Beach, the weather is sunny so we took farewell from the people in the lodge, promising that we would come again, Sven and Nadine joined us, so we started together direction Shimba Hills. Soon we left the tar road and on soft gravel we passed beautiful countryside, palm trees along the road and hilly terrain. Soon we got to Shimba Hills National Park where we wanted to stay overnight but it was so expensive so we decided against it. We continued but the gravel got worse and worse and often we had to get out of the cars to check the road condition. For us with the van without 4×4 it was quite risky, for the Land Rover it was no problem at all. The landscape was beautiful, we saw a lot of elephant droppings but unfortunately no elephants. But a spitting cobra crossed our way. At a long passage of mud and water I had to go fast not too get stuck in the mud. But suddenly a big pump and I was thinking the axle was broken. We stopped. But I could not see anything, although Nadine said it is smelling from diesel. Anyway we could not do anything at this place so we headed on to Voi to Red Elephant Lodge. Alexandra prepared delicious Goulash, a specialty from Austria which the German couple knew and wished to taste that again. Cooking on an African trip like that is a challenge because you do not have a lot of pots and pans aboard and you do not get the food which you know from home or you get it but in a very different quality. One example is milk. Fresh milk you hardly get, but you can find milk power. So you have to prepare your milk yourself that you need for cooking which is not so easy to mix, because of the different water qualities. I admire Alexandra how she adapted to this difficult conditions. Our pressure cooker also died after almost one year in Africa, all these equipment is not built for Africa’s rough conditions.Pets in Africa – Is Tara our dog dieing?08.05.2010 Horror pure. In the morning Tara could not get up, she was too weak. Her bed was soaked with blood. Now we had to act fast. We packed everything and drove to Diani Beach there was a veterinarian. He was a black guy working for Kenya Wildlife Service and had a private clinic as well. Dr.Peter examined her thoroughly. Diagnosis.Heavily infection of the Uterus. He said, he had to operate her right now otherwise she would not survive the next day. I was hesitating because I could not imagine that it was that serious, but anyway we had no choice. Either leave her with the vet for the operation or we would loose her the next day. He said that we could come at 4 p.m. to see if she would survive the operation, because this was also risky, at least she was already an old dog. So we had no choice as to agree and left her with the vet. It was one of our worst hours to wait until 4 o clock in the afternoon. Pets in Africa must looked after carefully when on an African trip, because there are lot of dangerous diseases and animals.Tiwi beach The hours did not pass and I was looking at my watch every 5 minutes. Finally we left for Diani Beach again. I was not sure if Tara was still alive. When we entered the vet she was lying in a kennel. When I talked to her, she started slightly to wag her tail. I was relieved, she was alive. She tried to get on her feet, but was still to weak. The doctor’s helper carried her to the van. She was in a week condition and at the campsite she was lying on her bed.Later she started to get pain, because the medicine she got during the operation had already lost its effectiveness. She started to whim heavily so we called the vet to get instructions. We dissolved two tablets of aspirin filled it in a syringe to force the stuff into her mouth because she would never swallow that stuff voluntarily. But it did not help, so we gave her another pill. We had some stronger medicine which we decided to give her. After an hour the pain was less and she started to sleep. Luckily.09.05.2010 In the morning Tara was better again. She was still weak but she was hungry and ate her liver, which was a good sign. So we stayed with her whole day and watched her. In the evening no appetite except some liver.Pets in Africa: Our dog Tara10.05.2010 When I woke up I heard Tara calling for me. A good sign. She had to go out to the lu. During the day she stayed under the van, which was not so good to be in the sand with her freshly operated wound. All in all she had not much appetite and she was still weak.11.05.2010 During the night we woke up, because Tara had pain again. We feed her aspirin again. In the morning she was breathing heavily, also the wound was still open. We could feed her some pork with the antibiotics hidden. During the day she slept and Alexandra frequently gave some cream on her wound.12.05.2010 Nothing better. The wound still open and liquid comes out of the wound. We called the vet. Shortly after the call Dr.Peter arrived at the campsite. He injected her some vitamins, a so called power cocktail to strengthen her immune system. The vet said she will recover as she has very strong organs which he saw when he had operated her.13.05.2010 Taras wound is still red, and Alexandra more frequently puts cream on it. She lies all day in the sand, so it is no wonder that it does not get better, but the sand is cool, which she obviously needs at the moment.14.05.2010 Today Tara is much better. She demands her food already. She wants to get out of the car and she already comes to us to get her cuddles. I made a short walk with her on the beach, slowly she walks and her hind legs are still weak but she was doing better already. It was raining all day and it was hot, so inside the car it started to get fungi all over which we had to clean.15.05.2010 All day raining. We fight humidity in the car with frequent cleaning and drying. Tara was getting better. In the evening we ate at the restaurant again. The manager invited the ladies for coffee for the following morning.16.05.2010 We were concerned because Tara’s wound looked terrible, looked like her intestines come out through the wound. We tried to call Dr.Peter but it was Sunday so he did not answer the phone. Tara is in good mood despite her ugly wound, she is hungry. In the evening we had some nice dinner at the campsites restaurant.17.05.2010 Immediately in the morning Tara had to be operated again. The vet had to open the stomach again and get her intestines back into the body. After the operation she was quite well. At the Campsite the fishmonger sold us very nice fish, which tasted delicious, also Tara got her share.18.05.2010 First day after the second operation. Tara is feeling well she jumps around, but her wound releases liquid. In the night she demanded to get out of the van. She had to go to the Lu urgently. Shameless she made her business directly beside the sleeping watchman. Then she wanted to go for a walk at the beach. Alexandra did not allow this as it was in the middle of the night. We had built a ramp into the car, because she should not jump. It was not easy to convince her to enter the van on this ramp. With pets in Africa it is difficult to travel, because there are situations that do not allow to let her out especially in the night.19.05.2010 until 23.05.2010 Tara recovers finally. We decide to stay here for some time to give her time to recover completely. Anyway it was still rainy season and the roads might turn into mud holes and now we anyway slowed down our African trip.23.05.2010 One of the fishmongers offered to prepare a meal for us for money of course. So we ordered chicken fried. In the evening he came and handed me over a ball of foil, like a tennis ball. When I opened it, all I found, were bones with hardly any meat on it. I got furious and chased him away. Yes we are white but not stupid.24.05.2010 Our visa expires. With Mr.Flower an employee of the campsite we drove to Mombasa to the Immigration Office. We had to extend our visas for our our African trip. The office building was not impressing but the officer was a nice guy. We wanted to extend for another 3 month to continue our African trip. We were talking about everything and the world and our journey through Africa which he found rather crazy but he liked us, so he extended our visa for more than 4 month instead of 3. After immigration we went to Mombasa Canvas Inc. to get new cloth for our camping chair. The following day Mr.Flower promised to pick it up. Then stop at Nakumat and at a chemist, then Burger and Chips, how they call French Fries in Africa. Late afternoon we left Mombasa again and took the ferry to the South Beach. We relaxed in the evening, a bush baby jumped through the palm trees, a perfect idyll.Twiga lodge campsiteBeaches in Kenya: Twiga Lodge a tropical Paradise at the Indian Ocean18.04.2010 Finally we left Nairobi on our African trip. We wanted to go to Mombasa, about 500 km from Nairobi and although it is tar, traffic is terrible and slow, so t will take us two days to the coast. Outside of Nairobi, thorn bush savanna started immediately and the landscape was gorgeous. Late afternoon we arrived in Voi, where we stayed overnight at red elephant lodge. We camped at the lodge for about 15 US$, got the key for one of the rooms for shower, toilet and electricity. The Lodge is situated right at the border of Tsavo National park, with a water hole and you can hear a lot of different sounds of animals we could not identify.We were sitting in front of the van, and inspired by the stories of Olaf we were studying the travel guide of Rwanda. Later we tried to get dinner at the lodge but they were not really booked, so they had no food, but promised to organize something. The result was awful and overpriced as happened to us often on the African trip. In the evening we sat together with a German couple and drank some wine.Red Elephant Lodge in Voi 19.04.2010 While Alexandra was in the shower I was sitting in front of the van, when suddenly Tara were excitingly hunting a 90 cm big monkey which tried to steal something from our van which I had not realized. Tara was so fast although she is already an old girl, but when in hunting mood she is really fast.I was screaming because I did not like her to catch the monkey, chasing is ok but not killing. But anyway the monkey was quickly in the trees and Tara was barking at him. The African trip from Voi to Mombasa was unspectacular, except for a delay where a truck involuntarily left the road into the bush. It looked dramatically but I think the driver had luck. To get to the Southern beaches of Mombasa you have to take a ferry. In the late afternoon we arrived at Twiga Lodge in Diana Beach, the absolute paradise. Tropical Palm Beach with blue sea. The beaches in Kenya are marvelous.20.04.2010 Relaxing at Tiwi Beach. Tiwi beach is one of these places which pose for a picture postcard. Palms, white sand, blue sea, shadow at the campsite, neighboring restaurant with reasonable food, friendly people, monkeys in the trees, monitor lizards on the ground, and traders come along with their bicycle to offer fruit, vegetables, not without bargaining, but the prices are not cheap but reasonable. Beaches in Kenya are wonderful. Idi the caretaker of the campsites earns some extra cash by washing our clothes. Alexandra went for a swim, not me, I am not so really a swimming person, but she reported warm water, fine sand, so I considered to swim the next days.At the campsite we met a couple Ursula and Bruno from Essen, Germany, two architects that were already on their African trip for 5 years. We arranged to sit and drink wine after dinner. At the restaurant we had some food, Alexandra tried Ugali, the traditional maize stuff people here eat. She liked it but it is not my taste at all, so I stayed with steak and French fries.21.04.2010 Today was the moment where I had to try the waters of The Indian Ocean. Indeed the water was warm like in a bath tube, which I like very much. When I left the water I realized that I was bleeding a little bit from my leg but I took it for granted.But in the evening I could not ignore it any longer as I got rapidly temperature, first 36 degrees and after dinner it has already risen to 38,9 degrees. Something should be done. Luckily Alexandra is an operating nurse and she had the right pills for me. And in the morning I was restored again. In the tropical climate with humidity of more than 80%, slightest scarce or wounds have dramatic effect on your body. So one must really be careful on the beaches in Kenya.23.04.2010 One of the fishermen sold prawns. So dinner was already secured. The British bikers arrived as well. The fisher also sold fish to them and additionally they hired him to cook. Good business for him, because at the moment is rainy season, the big one, which means low season in tourism.Beaches in Kenya: Fisherman prepares octopusMy ears started to get worse and worse and I did not hear very well, which Alexandra commented as advantage, so I cannot hear what she says all day long. But I like to listen to my wives words, so the plan was to visit the doctor next day in Diana. Bruno had an appointment anyway, so we could go together next day.24.04.2010 In the morning Bruno and me drove to Diani, a little town situated at these marvelous beaches in Kenya. At the clinic we had to wait for the doctor. At the reception a young lady was working and her brother asked me if I want to marry her. I was so surprised that I stumbled a little bit, explained that I love my wife and we are not allowed to have two wives. Luckily the doctor arrived so the conversation was abruptly finished and the doctor cleaned my ear so I was able to hear properly again. In the evening we sat together with Bruno and Ursula and had Spaghetti Bolognese and lots of wine.02.05.2010 Time is rushing. Nothing special happened during the last week, typical days on the beaches in Kenya. Our dog got her period but she was bleeding more heavily than normal.03.05.2010 Shopping trip to Diani with Bruno and Ursula, then we had lunch at Ali Babas, Pizza, Pizza, Pizza. Tara had to wait in the van. When we came back to the car everything was full of blood, that was really not normal. She was cleaning herself frequently, so her tail was already heavily bitten by her, so back at the campsite we made a bandage around her tail.04.05.2010 Tara seemed to be better again. Less bleeding and her vitality was back again. Nothing special, it was raining frequently as it is rainy season, but there are hours of sunshine as well.Nairobi Sightseeing – Visiting the sights of Nairobi with Maura13.04.2012 In the morning Maura picked us up early for the Nairobi sightseeing. Tara had to stay in the van for the day. Sightseeing Nairobi by Taxi. First of all in the cool morning we drove through the better areas of Nairobi to visit the Arboretum, the botanical garden. The lady at the entrance was friendly, but wanted us to pay 60 US$ entrance fee, including video and photography.That was to much. So we did not go in, and headed to the center of the city to the Kenyatta International Conference center. From the 29th floor you have a marvelous view over the city, open air,not fenced at all,a rather strange feeling. In Europe everything would have been made to prevent people committing suicide from here, but maybe in Nairobi they have no problems with suicide. The entrance fee was about 800 KSh, without tripod of course, tripod is an extra 7500 KSh. The view was impressing. The modern Skyline of Nairobi with skyscrapers, in between old flat houses from the colonial epoch. Nairobi surprisingly is a very green city. Except for the center which is maybe 1 km by 1 km which is dense with buildings, the other parts of the city are flat buildings with big gardens and public parks so the city appears very green. When we got out of the elevator we were right in the middle of the city square with the monument of Jomo Kenyatta the founder of modern Kenya. Opposite is the parliament building with a nice clock tower.Nairobi sightseeing: Kenyatta Conference CenterNext stop Biashara street, where the Indian population has one shop after the other. You get everything with textiles here. We strolled round but did buy anything. That changed dramatically at Masai Market. When we arrived we immediately were surrounded by a lot of guys offering their help. You cannot avoid getting a so called helper. They give you a bag and guide you through the market. Things you like you just put in the bag independently from which artist the goods are. Payment comes at the end. We strolled around but they did not pressure us, which was not necessary anyway because Alexandra found some cloth printed pictures and two colorful bracelets. After having finished our helpers meanwhile three of them lead us between parking cars where the price was discussed. Their first offer was 48000 KSh (about 700 US$) which was ridiculous and made me furious, but within seconds they lowered the price to 4800 Ksh which is about 70 US$. Still too expensive. I got more angry because of their behavior but finally we paid about 55 US$ which was still too much but at least we could live with this fraud. Tired from bargaining we drove to Nakumat, which is a modern large shopping chain for food. Got some sausages for free, almost like a compensation for being robbed at Masai Market. In the evening we went to an Ethiopian Restaurant with Roland and Armina. It was quite exotic and the food was really tasty. I enjoyed it as well although I did not like the food in Ethiopia.14.04.2010 Working day. Editing video and photo.15.04.2010 Chris had ordered the rubber stuff for our shock absorbers, so we had to wait for the parts arriving. So we decided to visit Kenyatta and Toy market with Roland and Armina. Basically this two markets sell second hand clothes which were donated by Western World People to help the third world with cloths donations. But life is very different in Africa to what an average western thinks it is, so they sell the clothes which they had been given as a present. At Kenyatta market a real tropical rain started but Armina did not bother and bargained for some children clothes. Soaked we entered the taxi, where Alexandra had to change completely which was not an easy task. Armina lent a top and while Alexandra changed the driver Maura had a marvelous view through the rear mirror.We visited Toy Market which is just larger then the previous one but also second hand stuff. We bought some stuff here similar to the things we donated years earlier in Europe. Back at the campsite Jungle Junction the three British motor biker had arrived and the couple with the 4×4 Volvo as well. For them here in Nairobi was the end station. They had to fly back work, earn and come back to Nairobi another year to continue their trip. The Volvo was parked at Jungle Junction at a monthly fee. In the evening Steak Restaurant with Roland and Armina and farewell as they flew back to Lodwar the following day.16.04.2010 In the morning we started maintenance of our car, shock absorbers fixed, Hi Lift repair, maintenance has to be carried out frequently on an African trip,Kenya Nairobi – first crossing the Equator in Kenya28.03.2010 Yesterday the mechanic did not appear anymore bad luck for us, but also bad luck for him because he did not earn a Shilling. We could not wait any longer and continued our african trip for Nanyuki. We said good bye to Wolfgang and Sybille. In Nanyuki we had some breakfast in a coffee shop and went shopping to Nakumat a large food chain in Kenya.We were rather surprised about the prices and wondered how the locals could afford shopping here. Later we crossed the Equator for the first time and took the obligatory photo. Close to Mount Kenya near Naro Moro we wanted to stay overnight at the Batain view campsite. We stopped in front of the gate, but the manager was not there and the lady said we could not stay because the guy is not there. So we turned and I pushed into the grass outside the campsite and was sinking in deepest mud.Crossing the equator in KenyaObviously I have not learned my lesson to walk by foot first before driving over uncertain terrain (it was raining like hell). We tried to get free with the high lift or farm jack as it is sometimes called, but bad luck was with us and the mechanism of the jack failed and we could not hover the van. We looked for help. And as it is always the case in Africa you find always helping hands. They guys started to dig the mud away from the wheels and another guy was getting a tractor to pull us out. But we were stuck so deep that it was even for the tractor difficult to get us out. But finally we were on the gravel again.Being helped on an African trip is expensive, 3500 Kenya Shilling the equivalent of about 50 US$. Meanwhile the cook came out of the site, she had phoned with her boss and we can stay for the night. If she would have said she will phone him we had saved the whole hassle with the car. I was really annoyed but relieved as well that we need not search for another campsite. The dog was no problem, Tara anyway wanted to sleep in the van, she was tired already. The cook finally was nice and prepared a very tasty dinner for us. It was still raining, so we went to bed.29.03.2010We left the place for Kenya Nairobi. There is a good tarmac road and soon we got into the suburbs of Nairobi. It is very busy traffic and got stuck in the rush hour. Everywhere we see houses with electro fence, obviously Nairobi is not the safest place, that why it got the nickname Nairobbery. We stay at Jungle Junction, a backpackers and campsite in the middle of Nairobi. It is owned by Chris, a German expatriate and his Kenyan wife Diana, who also operates a bike repair workshop in the compound. The place is famous with overlanders and a real meeting place for people traveling in Africa. It is also a place where you can park your vehicle long-term, that quite a lot of traveler do, fly home and come again to continue their trip with their vehicle. We plan to stay here for a few days because I have to do some work, yes we have to earn money as well, and we have to organize some things and of course we want to visit the sights of the city as well.30.03.2010Alexandra had quit her job in Austria from Addis Ababa, but she has to do so formal as well, so she prepares a letter, which has to be sent to Austria. As our life has changed completely, originally we had planned our african trip for 4 months but we decided to continue to travel, which means we have to organize things differently. I can continue my job from abroad, but Alexandra needs an income as well which she can make while we travel. She likes photography and started a career as stock photographer.That is why she has to sort out photos she took and has to prepare them for stock. I started to work again as well, beside shooting footage, which I intended to post produce back home, now I have to do that on tour. That changes a lot, we need regular Internet access to keep in contact with partners and we need a second laptop, as we only have taken one with us, which we can no longer share as Alexandra has to work on a regular basis as well. But today I had to repair our sun roof as it was leaking last night and we sat in bed with buckets to gather the water from the roof. Luckily I had some spare Sicaflex glue which is a tremendous good stuff and fixes everything you can imagine. First I took the roof top out cleaned it and glued it back again. The coming night will show the result.31.03.2010It was raining all night and the roof top did not leak anymore. We took a taxi and went to Ya Ya Center, a modern shopping center to organize some things. After that the driver brought us to the center of Nairobi to a computer shop where I bought a laptop. Originally I wanted a quad core, but it was not available so I had to take a Dual Core from HP. The price was similar to Europe, for Africa you can buy electronic rather cheap here. Back at the campsite I started to prepare the computer.01.04.2010Today was a working day. I had to install the software at the new computer, luckily I had all the program discs with me. Alexandra was busy with her photos. A boring day but in the evening we had a nice dinner.02.04.2010 bis 12.04.2010Another working days. Nothing special happened. Alexandra cooked Viennese Schnitzel, which is typical Austrian food and we had not had this for more than half a year. I was really excited, excited, excited! Alexandra was also busy with washing the clothes, unspectacular Easter holidays. After the holidays I solved my Internet problems and bought a USB Modem from Safaricom a provider for mobile Internet access. You buy a SIM card from the provider like you do for a phone, put it into the stick and wait until the provider has unlocked the SIM card for Internet use. You buy data bundles which you activate and you have Internet access wherever you have mobile phone reception. The USB stick was not easy to get, because Safaricom was out of stock, there is a massive boom after this device, but the guy at Safaricom was nice and gave me a contact, this guy went with us to a place where we could buy one. It was not expensive around 30 US$, the data bundle was 3 GIG for about 40 US$. Although Jungle Junction offers free wireless it sometimes did not work, so I had an alternative. At Jungle Junction we get acquainted with Roland, an Austrian guy, who has been working in Kenya for some years already at Lodwar, a town close to Lake Turkana in the northern outback of Kenya. Whenever he has to organize something he flies to Nairobi to stay here a couple of days. He is married to Armina, a Somali girl, who he had met in Lodwar and has a little daughter with her. He always hires the same taxi driver called Maura, when he gets into town. We do this as well, he will be our taxi man in Nairobi. With him we arrange a sightseeing tour for the next day through Nairobi.Marsabit – Seen first animals of AfricaToday we slept longer than usual, but we were lucky as the sun was shining again. A good day to walk into Marsabit to do some shopping, we were out of spirits, so we wanted to buy Gin or Whiskey.Marsabit is a really small village, typical African, we felt we have arrived in real Africa. Sybille and Wolfgang joined us. There were little huts, where we were supposed to get whiskey.Sybille and WolfgangWhen you enter you immediately face the counter which is locked away by a strong mesh, probably to prevent robbery. Behind the counter there was a lady who sold the drinks. Liter or half liter was not available, only 300 ml bottles. We bought a bottle of Kenya King, a local Gin and a bottle of Brandy for very little money. We strolled over the market and very excited about the spices and veggies offered there, many things we had never seen before. Of course we were looked at, as white strangers do not come here very often. The children were excited about Wolfgang, but we did not know why especially him, anyway he made quickly friends with them. The Kenyans are friendly people, always smiling. We walked back and in the evening we sat together and had some drinks. A German couple arrived they were on a long term African trip as well and drove an old Toyota that was registered in Malawi. I did not know that this was possible. The evening lasted long which was not so good as the next day we wanted to continue for the second part of the Moyale Road to Isiolo, another 250 kilometers on rather bad gravel and corrugation. So we went to bed knowing we must get up at least at five o clock.Isiolo, we have finished Moyale RoadLuckily the road to Isiolo was not that wet and we could leave Marsabit without troubles. The road was as expected very bad, not as bad as the first part, but more than 30km/h was not possible. We drove again all day and surprise, about 80 km before Isiolo suddenly a tarmac road started. We were very happy, we have made it and so we enjoyed the 90 km/h speed. But the pleasure did not last long and I felt resistance coming from the left front wheel. I stopped and had a look. The wheel bearing made again problems. Slowly we continued our African trip when it started to stuck about 15 kilometers before Isiolo. I stopped, shit, I took off the wheel and was surrounded by interested children. No doubt the balls in the bearing were broken, not all but some of them. Anyway I could not repair it on the road so we hoped to get at least until Gadissa Lodge, as towing as we know from Ethiopia costs a lot of money and a Mzungu, as we whites are called here is ribbed off of course. With walking speed and a lot of fear we crept towards Gadissa Lodge where we could camp, at least here we were save for the night.Huts of Samburu tribePeter and Rita, a Dutch couple, welcomed us and were looking at our problem. Tomorrow Peter would call a mechanic to have a look. We were happy to see Sybille and Wolfgang arriving on their bike, they had left Marsabit 5 hours later, so the trip took them 7 hours and 5 flat tires, whereas we made it in 12 hours. Exhausted we ordered dinner in the lodge and Patrick, a guy from the Luo tribe, prepared a superb meal. We sat together for dinner with Peter and Rita, we were the only guests, because they were about to sell the lodge and move to Mount Kenya area, where they had built a house. We spent a entertaining evening with both, they had a lot to tell and tired we fell into bed.Our first animals of Africa in Buffalo Springs National Park (22.03.2010 to 27.03.2010) In the very late morning the mechanic arrived (we are in Africa) and took apart the wheel. When he opened it, the balls of the wheel bearing completely broken fell out of the hub, we had to postpone our safari to Buffalo Springs National Park. It was clear they had to be replaced. Another much bigger problem was that the bearing damaged the hub, so there must be welded a layer on the bearing seat which cannot be done here in Isiolo.How to get to the 100 km distance town of Meru? Peter immediately offered his private car and the mechanic agreed to come with me to organize the parts. So we left, it was after a very long time again my first time to drive a Right Hand Drive car, a Toyota, but I was quickly into it again. Meru was a bustling town, and as usual in almost every Kenyan town, similar shops are together in a certain area, here one spare parts shop after the other. We tried some of them and where lucky to get the wheel bearings, not even expensive, and the much bigger wonder, that they had one which fitted in the Citroen. The hub was much more difficult, but the mechanic knew a place where they did some steel work. When we entered the factory a friendly Indian guy had a look at the problem and suggested to weld on a layer and afterwards grind it smooth to held the bearing. We agreed but it would only be finished next day. So agreed and drove back to the lodge. Sybille and Wolfgang were already waiting for us, as they were curious of course. Again we spent a nice evening with gourmet dinner prepared by Patrick. At the Lodge they had two dogs quite dangerous, but we could arrange with the owners, that the dogs stay in for some hours so that Tara could leave the van.24.03.2010 In the morning we went to Meru again to pick up our hub. At the campsite the mechanic started to reassemble the unit and we had again a working van. Test ride,everything fine. Wolfgang is a mechanic and had supervised the repair. We spent a relaxing afternoon and made a plan to go to Buffalo Springs National Park. As the two bikers were not allowed in we agreed to go together with the van and spend one night in the park. The bikes could stay at Gadissa Lodge.We sat together with Peter and Rita and they told us that this area was heavily effected when the riots some years ago took place; Many people were killed others severely wounded. It lasted for a couple of days but was a tribal conflict and was not against white people in the area. Nevertheless they were scared. Norther Kenya was effected most by the riots, the reason was cattle theft which was supposedly initiated by an official to start the riots before the elections. In the evening we had again dinner by the magician Patrick. He had a girl-friend from the Netherlands, but the EU did not give him a Visa, so he had to stay in Kenya, while she was working in the Netherlands. But they were working on a solution.26.03.2010 Today we planned to go to Buffalo Springs National Park. Sybille and Wolfgang packed their things and put their bikes in the garage of Peter. We drove to Isiolo to go shopping for the trip.Animals of Africa: Grevy ZebraAt the gate we were hiding Tara again, Wolfgang and I went to the office to buy the tickets, not cheap, but at least not too expensive. Alexandra fed Tara because when eating she keeps her mouth shut and does not bark. The officer explained where the campsite was and we passed the beam without being discovered. Already a few kilometers behind the park border we saw a herd of elephants. It was Alexandra’s first time on this African trip she saw the animals of Africa in the wild. Elephants! She was excited. We opened the roof of our van to have a better view of the animals and from there it was good to take photos. We drove around a while saw zebras, giraffes, and warthogs and finally gerenuks, which are endemic here. Gerenuks are a kind of antelope with very long necks and stripes on their fur. When we drove down to the river we realized that the strong rains of the past days had destroyed the bridge that connects Buffalo Springs Park with Samburu National Park. A pity so we could not cross over. Anyway it was getting late and we had to find the campsite.We passed a hut where rangers stayed. We asked for the way but did not know that we had to take them on board to show us the campsite and they were armed and had to stay with us overnight to protect us from the wild animals of Africa. I was sweating because now it was not to avoid that Tara would be discovered, what indeed was the case. When the ranger saw her, he said, oh you have a dog with you, petted her and that was it. Good Luck, it could have ended differently. Together with the rangers we drove to the campsite. In fact it was not a campsite, it was a clearing in a piece of forest at the bank of a dried river be. We made camp and prepared our dinner. The guides had caught some fish which they grilled in the campfire. We sat together had some glasses of wine and went to bed, expecting to hear some lions or hyenas but nothing, only some birds were singing in the sunset.27.03.2010 In the morning we packed our things and saw a herd of giraffes in the morning light. It was really great because it was mating season and we could observe them while they were rubbing their necks to each other. It is the prelude to the real mating.We dropped our security guides at their hut and left the park, because you are only allowed to stay 24 hours when you pay for one day. Back at Gadissa Lodge we waited for the mechanic as he wanted to have a look at our shock absorber, because the mounting was worn, that probably caused our continued problems with the wheel bearing. But he did not come. That is Africa.Safari to Kenya: MoyaleIn the morning we left Konso. As we were not sure to drive the road from Moyale to Isiolo alone, because of robberies and bad roads we wanted to meet with an Italian couple in Yabello who was thinking of going to Kenya as well. So we left and were driving through beautiful landscape with quite good gravel roads. We first saw Marabu storks on some trees and stopped for some photos.We also saw for the first time on our African trip a dik-dik, the smallest antelope in Africa, approximately 20 cm high. They were rushing across the streets and we had to be careful not to hit one. In Yabello we reached the tarmac road and stopped at a motel where we were about to meet with the Italians. They must have been two hours behind us, so we had some lunch.Safari to KenyaOriginally we wanted to stay overnight here, but the place was not so much encouraging because we would have to stay on the parking of the motel which was connected to a fuel station, which promised a lot of noise. Anyway as the Italians did not show up, we decided to continue to the Ethiopian Moyale and stay there overnight.The tarmac was not so bad and a lot of acacia trees were beside the road. It was a comfortable ride and eventually we reached Moyale were we wanted to fill up the car but there was no fuel. We should try it next day. So we checked in at the Bekele Moyale Hotel. We went for shopping to get some food supply as the 500 km Moyale road would take us at least 2 full days of driving so we needed provision.We also looked for a spare wheel, as we still had only one which suffered already a lot, but we were not lucky. So back at the Moyale Hotel we prepared dinner and had some beer at the bar. We wanted to start our African trip early because we did not know how long it could take to pass the border. We sent an relaxed evening looking forward to Kenya but also were concerned about the Moyale road as it is said this is the worst gravel road in whole Africa. I checked the shock absorbers because one of them started to give problems and the wheel bearing caused me headache as well.Black Africa – Moyale Kenya (18.03.2010)Now we have been to the so called black Africa. In the morning we got up early to be at the border as one of the first. It did not look like a border. There was a bridge and somewhere in the bush a concrete building, at least concrete, not a mud hut as it was at the border with Sudan. Of course there were some scams again wanted to change money, but we proceeded to the immigration to stamp out and afterwards to customs where they stamped the carnet. One of the guys had a quick look at our car and finished was the procedure. The Moyale Kenya side was much more welcoming. The formalities were finished in minutes and so we could go to the Kenyan Moyale the first real town in black Africa. Now we had to drive on the other side (right side) for the first time on this African trip because now we entered the British influenced area.After a few 100 meters we arrived at the town and checked in at the campsite of the Kenyan Wildlife Service (KWS). The price was shocking. 35 US$ per night, rather expensive compared to Ethiopia were we on average paid less than 10 US$. As our problem with our spare tire was not solved so far, we gave it another try. And we needed a SIM card for the phone as well. The guy from the campsite was very helpful and went with us into the village to check the SIM. After several trials we had success and had at least phone again. The tire issue was not so easy to solve. First of all there were no new tires available, second, there were also no used tires available. The people from KWS were really helpful and drove with us from garage to garage. Finally we came to a scrapyard where we asked. But there was no 215/75/16 and I did not want to go the Moyale road, more than 500 kms on very difficult terrain, it was hardly a road, so we needed a second spare wheel. They guy only could offer a 700×16 which was similar, only a little bit larger, for a spare for some kilometers it would do the job.Samburu hutSo they had to fix a tube as well, because the tire was already heavily worn, and they guy demanded of course a huge amount, about 150 US$. But this is black Africa, when you depend on the people you are being ripped off. With the guy from KWS we went back to the campsite. We gave him a bag as a present, but now he wanted 1000 Ksh, about 15 US$ although he had said before that he helps for free. Anyway we are now in Africa for 5 months and already know how things work here, so we expected something like this. Luckily there was an ATM, so we were able to withdraw Kenyan money. We spent a quiet afternoon at the campsite, spotted our first mangoo and slept till the morning quite well our first night in black Africa.Off Road (19.03.2010)Our Off Road African trip was about to start. The alarm clock was ringing at 5.45, it was still dark, but now we had to be quick to get on the road again , better said on the off road road, for our first leg of this 500 km hard distance. There was a lot of robberies the years before and we were not sure if we had to go in a convoy.A quick coffee, making the car ready and we left the campsite and the village. At the end of the village there was a police post, the guy said we must wait for other vehicles to come to get on. We convinced the guy that with our car we were so slow off road that anyway we would loose the convoy pretty soon and anyway the police officer let us go alone. The first kilometers were horrible, big rocks to climb, deep holes to go through, we were not sure if this can be named a road, no that is off road.Eventually it got better and we were more ploughing than driving this terrible road past deserted landscape with thorn bush, occasionally some sheep or goats were crossing. Sometimes people from the Samburu tribe appeared from nowhere. It was starting to rain the last thing we needed and the road became slippery.Safari to Kenya: Famous Moyale roadThe problem were the deep tracks from the trucks as we had less ground clearance than the trucks. At a uphill passage suddenly a truck appeared loaded heavily with a lot of people on top of the load. It was driving like hell and it slipped on the road from one side to the other, unable to stop in case. We decided to leave off road into the bush to avoid the obvious crash. We were lucky. The rain got heavier and the road tracks started to fill with water which made the ground muddy.We tried to keep the van outside the tracks which was only sometimes possible, because the width of the tracks changed. So with on side on top, the other two wheels we drove in the deep mud. It was not really fun driving. We met a second truck. The driver stopped and asked for the weather ahead. Heavy rain we told him and he got curious about our van. Then he shook his head and said: You are completely crazy. I was not sure if he were not right. When came closer to Marsabit the rain got even heavier and we entered the village, it was flooded. We plaughed through the mud and missed the sign to Henry’s Camp. I had to turn and that was the mistake because we got stuck in the mud very deep.Henry’s camp, MarsabitBut soon locals appeared and helped us with help of the sand ladders to get out of the mud. Finally we stood on firm ground again. We turned off and in the next bend the car started to slip and turned and slipped towards a fence. Luckily we did not hit it, nor did we roll over. Finally exhausted after 12 hours and 250 km later, constantly driving without break we reached Henry’s Camp.Spare parts in Ethiopia (14.March 2010)We had no spare parts, no spare wheel and we headed to Turmi. We were driving slowly to save our tires so we only managed to get until Key Afer. It is a 100 people village but has one guest house, where you can camp in the backyard.We had not been there half an hour when suddenly Fassmann arrived whom we had met before in Lalibela and he was also on his way to Turmi. We had coffee together and I tried to organize a spare wheel. Spare parts in general are difficult to organize in Ethiopia, especially in such remote areas and for our car almost impossible. Our tire size was rare in Africa. So the guest house sent a guy who told us that he could organize our size, used of course. After a while he came with a tire that did not look very encouraging but at least it was better than our damaged ones. But it had no tube. So they had to go to find a tube as well. He disappeared again and did not get back for hours. Meanwhile we had dinner and in the dark the guys came again. They did not fit the tire properly and demanded a ridiculous high price.Road to Turmi marketWe told the guy that for this old tire we were not willing to pay that much money and not at all 150 US$. Finally we came to an agreement. The price was now 90 US$. Not a present at all.But spare parts are expensive here. When he came back he brought the well, but the tire was not sitting properly at the rim, because they had no compressor. We decided to take it and when we would need it, when it gets warm, it will jump on the rim properly. We spent a nice evening with Fassmann and decided to go together next morning to Turmi.Turmi MarketOn our African trip we left for Turmi. As the guy finally had not put a tube into the tire we wanted to try in Turmi. The landscape was beautiful and on the road we saw already a lot of Hamer people walking to the market in Turmi. We checked in at the campsite and walked to the weekly market. It was a mixture of Hamer people, Karo, and Bonno. They sold vegetables, fruit and wood carvings. Of course you had to pay to take photos. But it was quite interesting to observe this mixture of different tribes and it was worth visiting.Turmi market: Hamer womanIn the evening we drove to the village again to look for a tube. We found a shed where the guy said he would look for one. We were surrounded by at least 50 tribal people who were hammering against the car to hear Tara barking. She was furious. I unloaded the wheel and said they should bring it to the campsite.We agreed on a price of 100 birr. Back at the campsite we were having dinner when two guys on a motorcycle arrived. They told us that they have a tube but it is 700 birr, because it is so rare and it was hard to organize and by the way life is hard on an African trip. I told them they can mount it for 500 birr no more.They disappeared again. After a while they came again and said I can get it for 550 birr.Turmi marketNow I got really angry and said them either 500 or they can forget the deal. I turned and left. They guys were really impressed by my reaction and followed me to tell me that the rice is ok they will discuss that with the seller. But they wanted the money for the fuel for the motorcycle 25 birr and the 500 birr before they fitted it. I got angry again and told them that I were not stupid enough to give them the money and they disappear with the whole tire.They should mount it and bring it here I would not pick it up. I was already fed up so I was not really polite. The guys disappeared without money. Late in the evening they came with the tire and they mounted it at the cars rear door. I was already relaxed so I had to laugh about the whole situation and we paid them and gave them two T-Shirts. Now they guys were happy too and the whole thing was over. But that is Africa as well. You have to fight for everything you need which is just the way Africa is.KonsoWe reach Konso around noon. On the way to Konso we saw a lot of Hamer women. In Konso we had to get fuel. At the filling station there was already a queue. Suddenly a guy came to our car there is no diesel available, that is why people are queued up here, but I could buy some at the black market. But we are already a long time in Africa so while I talked to him, my wife asked another guy at the filling station if there is diesel available and what wonder there was diesel indeed. The guy realized what happened and disappeared quickly. You need not be naive in Africa there are always people around prepared to give you wrong information to profit from you. But we think that is everywhere happening the only difference is that in the western world such things happen more hidden. Anyway we got diesel, which we urgently needed and even paid the regular price for it. We looked for a campsite and found Konso Eco lodge a new project which completely relies on eco tourism. All the buildings are built from environment friendly materials in traditional style and they grow their own vegetables and fruit organically of course. As they have no dedicated campsite we found a space at the parking and had some drinks in the lodge. It was very simple there and we ordered some food which was delicious. Electricity comes from solar panels and provided to run my computer to look up my emails.Hamar girlThe view was great and the owner a very helpful person who should us around telling us abot the local vegetables and how they are used for different dishes. Suddenly an Italian couple with their Land Rover arrived having made the same route as we did. We were sitting together and exchanged our experiences and information we had. Next they we wanted to meet up in Yabello to make the dangerous trip from Moyale to Nairobi together.African native tribes in Omo valley (12.March 2010)In the morning we left Arba Minch for the African native tribes in Omo valley. We left early and on the very good tarmac we could see a lot of baboons. Until Konso the road was quite well, but shortly behind Konso gravel started again and it was just terrible.Although the landscape was gorgeous we were a bit nerved. It was only 231 km (which is actually a long distance for a day on an African trip) but it took us the whole day to get to Jinka, which is the base to start a trip into the Omo valley to the African native tribes. Again we dipped into a mysterious world – like the middle ages, African native tribes living in mud huts along the road, red soil was changing with rocky gravel road. Funny thing was that kids on the side were starting to dance when they saw a car approaching, of course waiting for some tis for their performance. It is a route were tourists come along frequently, thus they have developed a kind of dancing business there. When we arrived in Jinka we checked in at the Jinka Resort Hotel, where they provided a little spot in the shade to camp with the car. Our plan was to visit the Omo valley next day at Mago National Park, but you are not allowed to enter on yourself, so you have to get an armed guide. We got a contact by Renate (The guide which we originally had started in Tunis), a guide called Demelash. We gave him a call and he came to our campsite to discuss all the things.Road to JinkaFrom him we learned that it is not an easy task which we wanted to undertake, and we had to discuss which vehicle we should choose. I was concerned about our vehicle if it would be possible to make the trip with only front wheel drive, so we preferred to rent a 4×4 for that day, but Demelash was convinced we could do that with our vehicle. We made an appointment for the next morning when he wanted to pick us up in the early morning. Our dog Tara was no problem, although dogs are not officially allowed into the park. So we had dinner at the lodge and went to bed early.African native tribes – Mursi tribeIn the morning Demelash arrived on time for our Mursi trip. In Jinka we had to change money – large bills into 5 birr notes, because for every photo you have to pay. We left Jinka and after a river crossing we reached the entrance to Mago National Park.Tara was as promised no problem so we continued. We had to pass high mountains with steep slopes and we hardly managed to get up the mountain ridge. I was concerned. But later we only drove downhill and in the road suddenly three naked warriors of the Mursi tribe blocked our way.African native tribes: Mursi peopleDemelash could speak the Mursi language so after a lot of arguing and forcing our way we could pass. It was quite interesting, the guys had painted their body even their dick was ornamented with white stripes. A few kilometers further we had to take a kind of soldier a board with a Kalashnikov, because these African native tribes can get dangerous as they are very demanding and hostile sometimes. Soon we arrived at a village. The Mursi chief came to our car, Tara of course was barking wildly, such people she had not seen so far.The chief demanded cigarettes from me which I gave him because he was very aggressive. Then Demelash started to discuss prices with him. Parking was 200 birr, entrance into his village was 200 birr additionally, which was ridiculous because you must imagine there was just some trees and some mud huts. For photos the price was 4 birr for men and 5 birr for women with child.African native tribes: Lip plate womanAfter each photo they got paid and checked if you did not take more. Everybody wanted to be photographed because of money of course. When the arguing about money was over they got more relaxed and it started even a certain kind of conversation and the chief became more friendly.Mursi women wear a clay lip plate which they put into their lips to make them attractive. This lip plates are decorated very beautifully and body paintings were like pieces of art. The Mursi people live in the stone age, hunt a little bit, the only modern part of their society is, getting money for photos which they spend for beer and other commodities of civilization.After an hour we left these African native tribes. But as we reached the mountains again, the road got steeper and steeper and our wheels started spinning, so we had to stop. We did not get up the hill. We started to unload water and other heavy things and I tried again. It was an absolutely remote area, so if we could not manage to get up, we would have to stay here overnight and next day one would have to walk to Jinka to get help. So I tried more heavily several times but there was no chance to get up the hill. We simply were to heavy and without low range no way up. I ruined both front wheels, the mesh of the tires already appeared, but luckily we still had air in the tires, changing wheels would have been impossible at this steep road.African native tribes: Mursi warriorNow what to do? While discussing our situation, we heard a truck in the far distance. Luckily it was driving our way and Demelash stopped it to explain our situation. The men were willing to help for 1000 bir. Alexandra got really angry and was scolding them. Her argument was that we helped other Ethiopian people a lot and now when we need help they demand extraordinary amounts of money. BUT this is Africa as well. I offered 300 birr and finally for 500 birr they towed us the 100 meter that were necessary to continue back. Demelash meant that was the worst spot, we would manage it now back until Jinka. These situations happen frequently on an African trip, where you have to bargain hard, although you are in troubles. It was still 30 km back to our campsite, I considered changing the tires but decided against it, so we continued on the carcass, had to cross a river and in Jinka we tried to get tires but they were not available in our size. So we had to change tires and continue without spare wheels, which might be rather risky in this area. Back at the hotel I changed both front tires, so we had only these two ruined tires as spares. I thought that at least for emergency they would make the job and we would try to get tires in Turmi next day. Lesson: Never go without two spare wheels, we were glad we had.