Woman Cuts Cheating Husband’s Penis Off TwiceThirty-two year old Chinese man Fan Lung, from Shangqiu in the Henan province, was found out for his cheating ways when he boldly used his wife’s mobile phone to send an email to his younger lover, twenty-one year-old Zhang Hung.The father of five was either a bit too cocky or just plain foolish when he forgot to log out of his account and of course, his wife Zeng saw the message along with several others he had sent to the younger woman. This is where anyone monitoring the situation may have detected the first hint of violence. Far from being calm and calculated about her response, the cheated wife flew in to what you might call a vicious rage.When she found those emails, guess where she and her husband were. That’s right. She was in the kitchen surrounded by sharp objects and he, in the most vulnerable position he could possibly have been in, lying in bed. She stormed in to the bedroom and the attack began. She swiftly severed his member with a pair of scissors. Brutal.Fortunately for Fan Lung, the surgeons at the hospital. This might sound like the end of the story but guess what; Zeng was still very angry. Angry enough to sneak in to her husband’s hospital room and go to town with those scissors again. She cut his penis off a second time before tossing the severed phallus out of the window.A chase ensued before the first people to grab a camera showed pictures of the bloodied husband attacking his wife outside the hospital, in what is surely not the family’s proudest moment.A spokesman for the hospital spoke to the media: “The first we were aware of what happened was when someone came into the reception area to say a naked man was beating up a woman outside the hospital,” he said, according to The Daily Mail. “Staff rushed out to see what was happening and found the patient with blood streaming down his legs hitting the woman. He was stopped and the woman was taken in for treatment, and then we discovered she had chopped his penis off again”.By now, I guess we are all waiting to hear about the fate of the penis. But unfortunately, it has not been found. Perhaps somewhat morbidly, doctors and police seemed to suggest that their best guess of the whereabouts of the former penis of Mr Fan Lung could be the digestive system of a stray cat or dog.The spokesman continued, “The man had lost a lot of blood and was taken in for emergency surgery,” said. “He is now in a stable condition but is extremely emotionally distraught”.It is pretty safe to say that that was the end of the Lung’s marriage with Zheng being charged with grievous bodily harm (probably twice). Interestingly though, it seems as though the love affair that caused all the drama will continue, with Fan’s lover insisting that they would be married just as soon as that option became possible.“It doesn't matter that he's lost his fertility, he has five children already,” Zhang said.Thirty-two year old Chinese man Fan Lung, from Shangqiu in the Henan province, was found out for his cheating ways when he boldly used his wife’s mobile phone to send an email to his younger lover, twenty-one year-old Zhang Hung.The father of five was either a bit too cocky or just plain foolish when he forgot to log out of his account and of course, his wife Zeng saw the message along with several others he had sent to the younger woman. This is where anyone monitoring the situation may have detected the first hint of violence. Far from being calm and calculated about her response, the cheated wife flew in to what you might call a vicious rage.When she found those emails, guess where she and her husband were. That’s right. She was in the kitchen surrounded by sharp objects and he, in the most vulnerable position he could possibly have been in, lying in bed. She stormed in to the bedroom and the attack began. She swiftly severed his member with a pair of scissors. Brutal.Fortunately for Fan Lung, the surgeons at the hospital. This might sound like the end of the story but guess what; Zeng was still very angry. Angry enough to sneak in to her husband’s hospital room and go to town with those scissors again. She cut his penis off a second time before tossing the severed phallus out of the window.A chase ensued before the first people to grab a camera showed pictures of the bloodied husband attacking his wife outside the hospital, in what is surely not the family’s proudest moment.A spokesman for the hospital spoke to the media: “The first we were aware of what happened was when someone came into the reception area to say a naked man was beating up a woman outside the hospital,” he said, according to The Daily Mail. “Staff rushed out to see what was happening and found the patient with blood streaming down his legs hitting the woman. He was stopped and the woman was taken in for treatment, and then we discovered she had chopped his penis off again”.By now, I guess we are all waiting to hear about the fate of the penis. But unfortunately, it has not been found. Perhaps somewhat morbidly, doctors and police seemed to suggest that their best guess of the whereabouts of the former penis of Mr Fan Lung could be the digestive system of a stray cat or dog.The spokesman continued, “The man had lost a lot of blood and was taken in for emergency surgery,” said. “He is now in a stable condition but is extremely emotionally distraught”.It is pretty safe to say that that was the end of the Lung’s marriage with Zheng being charged with grievous bodily harm (probably twice). Interestingly though, it seems as though the love affair that caused all the drama will continue, with Fan’s lover insisting that they would be married just as soon as that option became possible.“It doesn't matter that he's lost his fertility, he has five children already,” Zhang said.