WHY JOIN MY COKE REWARDS?WHY JOIN MY COKE REWARDS?The MCR experience is designed around you and your interests. With a variety of ways toparticipate in the program, the reward opportunities are endless.It all starts with points and statusFind codes to get pointsTo get rewards you need Points, which you can earn by entering the codes found on the packaging of your favorite Coca-Cola brands.Codes are located under caps, inside the tear-off on 12-packs and on multi-pack wraps.Complete activities to get statusThe Bronze catalog is available to all MCR members, but build your Status and gain access to expanded rewards in the Silver and Gold catalogs. The more Activities you complete with +Status, the higher your Status will climb.+++USE POINTS AND STATUS TO GET REWARDEDENTER MORE, DO MORETo accrue Points, enter codes in the code entry field in the main navigation or here. Points can be used to redeem rewards, enter sweepstakes, donate to charity or unlock certain Activities.LEVEL UP AND UP AND UPComplete Activities designated with + Status to level up from Bronze to Silver to Gold. Each level unlocks expanded rewards catalogs and gifts.REWARDS FOR YOUEarn access to exciting rewards when you build up your Status by participating in Activities that match your interests.NOW GIVE IT A TRYNow that you've learned about Points and Status, let's get you some of both.It all starts with a code7J60MPMVXXPFHBSign in and grab this free code. We'll give you 1 free Point when you enter it in the code entry field in the main navigation at the top of the page. *Limit 1x per member.+++NOW KEEP THECONVERSATION GOINGGet your friends and family in on the action. Sign in and share this video. We’ll send +3 Status your way.+3 STATUS+++GREAT START, NOW IT GETS EVEN BETTER.In fact, it gets a lot better because rewards are often tailored to reflect your interests. If you’re a foodie, that means you can earn things like restaurant gift certificates or if gaming is your thing you might score in-game bonuses. Best of all, you can always donate your Points to worthy causes.CLAIM YOUR REWARDSYou already know there are endless ways to earn all different types of rewards with MCR. Use your Points to redeem items within the catalog, or claim the rewards you’ve earned through participation by visiting the "Rewards" section on your profile. Certain Activities can unlock hidden catalog rewards. Stay on the lookout for fun surprises!DOING GOOD IS REWARDINGGive back by donating your Points to a school of your choice; we'll convert those Points to cash, allowing them to spend it on physical education, new technology, and art supplies. Or, contribute your Points to a variety of other worthy causes.NOW INVITE FRIENDS AND FAMILYMy Coke Rewards was made to be a social place, so by design, it’s more fun with friends and family. Get them in on the action and we’ll sweeten the deal with a free 20 oz. Coke® coupon redeemable at Target.HERE’S HOW TO DO IT:1. Sign in and access your profile. Click “Invite” in the lower left section to get started. - Ensure your profile includes your first and last name so your friends know who’s reaching out to them. - If you choose to invite via Facebook, ensure your MCR and Facebook accounts are connected.2. Click “Invite” to share socially or input email addresses. Recipients must click through the email button or link within Facebook post to earn credit.3. After 5 friends have registered for MCR using your unique link, redeem the digital coupon in your profile under the “Unclaimed Rewards” tab. It may take 48 hours for the coupon to appear.*SOCIALHELP CENTERPARTNERSThe comments displayed on this site are the opinions of their respective contributors only. They do not represent the opinions of The Coca-Cola Company. The Coca-Cola Company is not responsible for, and disclaims any and all liability for the content of comments written by contributors.Please contact The Coca Cola Company if you would like your social content removed. Please allow 48 hours for processing.