Search age:Search in:The political price of betraying public trustNo matter how the crisis that has engulfed and in effect crippled our national government is resolved, our national interest compels that first principles replace unseemly internecine power plays as the paramount concern of our elected representatives.An overarching principle is that people in public office are in positions of public trust. There is no higher office than that of prime minister. Tony Abbott's authority has collapsed precisely because he has lost the trust of so many voters. This has been made abundantly clear to the traumatised members of his party room by their electors throughout a summer of simmering discontent.Trust is earned, paid for by the currency of integrity. This in turn flows from honouring commitments – another first principle. Mr Abbott's standing in the community and in his own party room, which is poised to determine his fate next Tuesday morning, has deteriorated so dramatically primarily because so many Australians are aghast at the failure of the Prime Minister and his government to keep promises and to justify measures – particularly funding changes to higher education and to healthcare – that were not announced before the 2014 election.The collective wisdom of the community is profound. There has been consistent community outcry since Mr Abbott and his Treasurer, Joe Hockey, presented a budget last May that was unfair to the vulnerable and needy.AdvertisementThe community is, of course, prepared to countenance unheralded measures, and even broken promises, when governments can demonstrate circumstances have genuinely changed. With haste so unseemly as to appear disingenuous, Mr Abbott and Mr Hockey sought to engineer such a case soon after taking office. They did this by claiming the nation was in a "debt and deficit crisis". As this newspaper has repeatedly pointed out, along with independent experts throughout the country, that is an unsustainable narrative. Yes, the budget does need adjusting, but Australia has one of the most robust fiscal and debt situations in the industrialised world, leaving much room for changes that would buttress the budget without harming our economy and society. Australia does not have a big-spending, big-taxing government by international standards.Mr Abbott and his colleagues are in a political crisis largely because voters have seen through – and rejected – the proposition that the government unexpectedly uncovered a budget crisis upon assuming office. When the Liberal Party's federal parliamentarians meet next week to seek a way to end the political mess in which they find themselves, we would urge that they keep uppermost in their minds that they are in the employ of the Australian people. If they are to regain the people's trust, they must demonstrate they understand that their job is to deliver policies and concrete measures that, above all else, increase equality of opportunity. That is how individuals, communities and economies prosper and thrive.Mr Abbott's implosion has also been fuelled by concerns generated by his "captain's calls" – particularly his ridiculous decision to award the Queen's consort, Prince Philip, a knighthood – and by resentment in his part at the degree of power he has given his chief of staff.But the main reason is failure to embrace the guiding notion that those in public office have positions of public trust, and must genuinely place the public interest above their own ideology. That is the enduring message to each and every member of Parliament.