“It” Pays YouSelf-MonetizeFEATURED INMobile Entrepreneur MagazineMobile Entrepreneur Magazine is an internationally published e-magazine that highlights game changing mobile products and services and the Entrepreneurs behind them. "It" made the cover of the August 2014 issue and features a Q&A session with Leafit Co-Founder and CEO Lawrence Sowell.Coming Soon to Enterprises TVHosted by Terry BradshawEnterprises TV, a television show hosted by former athlete and celebrity TV personality Terry Bradshaw, showcases innovative companies in different industries. They were on location July 6, 2014 at It Corporate Headquarters shooting a segment that will air on Fox and Bloomberg Television in the Spring of 2015.BloombergReady... Set... Grow!Your Ultimate Online Training ResourceOur cutting-edge training and education platform will set you up for success. We teach you the secrets to grow ANY business online.Here’s a preview of just ONE of our action-packed training modules...Facebook MarketingFacebook is not just for baby pictures any more. It has become a powerful business marketing tool. In this course, iGrow University uncovers not only the social networking opportunities for individuals, but how businesses can take a simple networking application and turn it into a massive lead generation and customer communication platform. From custom landing pages to groups to apps and visitor analysis, you'll learn all the ins and outs of this versatile and far-reaching social networking application.The OpportunityA new kind of Social MarketingWe provide the EDUCATION and TOOLS to explode any business, whether online, offline, networking, or traditional – through leveraging and monetizing the power of social networks.Harness the Power of LearningiGrow University will help you GROW your social network and business by teaching you how to develop, launch and maintain successful social media campaigns that drive massive traffic to your website!As an iGrow Associate, you will have the opportunity to market the iGrow Universityas well as other iGrow Network Products as they launch.Imagine the PossibilitiesWith exclusive rights to market the Leafit social network, our Members have the ability to bring someone to the company as a FREE Affiliate and STILL make money.Anytime a FREE Affiliate shares a picture on the "it" network and that generates a sale, a commission is paid to the FREE Affiliate as well as 9 generations above that Affiliate! With the power of SOCIAL, just imagine how fast your NETWORK will grow and generate eCommerce overrides for YOU!Check out the iGrow Compensation Plan and see why so many are claiming it to be "THE" Compensation Plan others should model after!Join as an iGrow Associate Today And Unlock the Massive Earning Power of Our Network!Ready, Set... Grow!Don't take our word for itSee what our members are saying...CathyBrigham City, UTThe Desktop version of the "it" app that'll launch with Version 2.0....has me sleepless!! Clean split screen feeds with all the bells and whistles that the masses will love to be a part of!! To be able to share from our "it" posts to Facebook, Twitter, Google+ & Pinterest, oh my crazy viral!! Cash back on purchases from within our newsfeed!! "Make and save $$ in a natural way". :) No ad's and by private invitation only!!Mel Baxter-SmithTaunton, Great BritainI feel honoured to be part of the iGrow Network. iGrow has helped me obtain more confidence and skills in marketing this business. I have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending iGrow to my Friends, Family and Acquaintances. The Professionalism of this Company is second to none and there is always someone to help.Martyn RPerranporth, Cornwall, UK"The iGrow Network does exactly what it says on the Tin... enabling me to grow my networks on social media, whether its with the exclusive products that come with being a Member or with the charitable organizations, personal or business opportunities I am involved with. Knowledge is king & iGrow lets you build your kingdom"Greg GTaos, New Mexico“Wow!! The perfect way virtually anybody can earn extra money by doing something they do all the time anyway, post photos online. Brilliant concept.”Nick HGreen Bay, WI“iGrow is the greatest opportunity I have ever seen or have been part of in my entire 18 year network marketing career.”Will CGeorgia“A brilliant concept & it’s time has come. A social media platform where the revenue is shared with the people who create it. You! iGrow will revolutionize the future of how social media is monetized.”Justin HPhiladelphia“I love the iGrow idea, and that I can finally earn money off of my own content, and that I can invite my friends on social media to join me!”Ken MSheffield Lake, Ohio“iGrow Network has dramatically changed my life. I see myself growing as a leader in the industry when I interact with both the cutting-edge products and also fellow members. Each day that I wake up, I get even more excited to meet new people and experience explosive growth in my business. This is where I belong and I could not be more grateful for the opportunity.”LeadershipTed RobbinsCEOTed Robbins has been high level executive, entrepreneur and consultant since 1988. He is an information technology and entrepreneurial professional whose 20+ years experience and multi-disciplinary skills include strategic analysis of emerging technology and markets, (especially social networking and collaborative applications), telephony applications, training and e-learning, proprietary application development, and commercial website/portal design for usability. Ted has done consulting work for some of the largest companies in the United States and brings a strong management, sales, and technology background. Mr. Robbins is responsible for the vision, product deliverability, back-office functions and distributor relations at the iGrow Network.Ron PopeCOORon Pope has had a very successful 19yr career as a Business Owner and Executive Consultant for multiple national and international corporations. Ron has founded companies or taken an active Executive role in the following industries: Home Loan Origination, Mortgage Servicing, Merchant Services, Online Advertising, Travel/Mobile App Development, and Tools & Training. Ron’s guidance in structuring every aspect of these companies, prove his consulting prowess in the corporate world. Ron has led and motivated large teams of Associates in over 150 countries during his career in network marketing. Ron’s focus is to develop a real, long term, generational business where you can create a true legacy for your family. Ron’s job is to oversee all Corporate Operations, Personnel, Vision, and at the same time help drive iGrow Network in the direction of becoming a household name.Vaughn TarverMaster AssociateVaughn has had a career in direct sales that has spanned three decades, and has included everything from an ownership position to being a vendor to the industry. He has sat on multiple boards dating back to the 80's. As a distributor, Vaughn has helped build massive organizations that have spanned the globe, as well as served as the "Master Associate" for four different companies. Building empires and seeing people transform their lives through hard work and dedication is truly his inspiration.