Entertainment,Fashion,News,Lifestyle, Politics,Gossip and more Gossip...Sunday, 8 February 2015Seun Kuti Reveals the only condition under which he can forgive BuhariLate Fela’s son Seun Kuti has revealed he won’t be voting in the elections and gave his reasons. He also added that he hasn’t forgiven Buhari for jailing his father. He revealed this in a chat with The Nation. See excerpst from the interview.You recently came out and said you were misrepresented in some quarters of the media concerning the major presidential candidates. What are your views about the coming elections? Are you going to vote? Do you have your PVC?No, I don’t have my PVC because I decided already long time ago, even before the candidates were chosen, that the election is the politician’s elections still. I’m not going to vote. And I’ve been proven correct. I’m happy that so many people in Nigeria today want to be involved in the democratic process of this country. It is a big development in our democratic development.And so many people want to also cast protest votes this yearprotest against how the country has been run by the present administration and I understand. And I support it as well. But the truth about it is that I believe that I am very politically mature. And for me to cast my vote, whoever I vote for has to represent my aspirations. I won’t just cast a protest vote in as much as a protest vote is needed in this forthcoming election. The candidate that is brought forward as well is someone that I believe is not in the good books of the Kuti family. And my family, we’re very united in our views about civic responsibility and human rights.And retired General Buhari has trampled on the rights of my family when he jailed my father, illegally for that matter. And Fela was innocent. This is why it would be difficult for me to say I want to vote for Buhari. Maybe if Buhari wins and becomes president, then I can forgive him if he begins to do to Nigerians what Fela would have liked for Nigerians because maybe if Buhari becomes president and he suddenly becomes pro-people, developing Nigeria from the ground-up, things that I know would have made my father happy, and he is bring Nigeria upyeah. Definitely, I would understand that even if Fela were alive and Fela sees Nigeria going forward like this, he would speak in favour of the man. But so far, I can’t betray my father based on some promises and some words. So, that is why I’m not voting for him. But at the same time, what I didn’t like about the article was that I also said the reason why people should also not vote for Jonathan. And I also said to them that the fact that Buhari is seen as a messiah today in Nigeria is the biggest indictment of the Jonathan administration. Even Yar’Adua beat him (Buhari) in 2007.