Thursday, January 29, 2015Disclaimer: This post is based on a free product provided by a company as a press sample so that I may offer my own opinion, which may be the same or differ from yours.Valentine’s Day is when you need your hair to be glorious. If you demand for it to be shiny, manageable and yet invitingly soft looking to tempt a romantic caress, then you would like the KeuneSo Pure Natural Balance Moisturizing hair care products that I have been using because these hair care essentials do all those things and more.My hair is thick, dry and color-treated. This is not the greatest combination especially in a winter environment, but you should see how my suffering hair responded. The So Pure line is based on wholesome healing power from plant extracts and essential oils for both hair and mind with soothing aromatherapy qualities.To begin with, Keune’sSo Pure Natural Balance Moisturizing Shampoo is a deeply penetrating formula that is free of sulfates and parabens. It has extra certified argan and palmarosa oils as well as shea butter that brought new vitality to my rather dull hair. In addition, you will love its delectable sweet, cherry-like aroma while lathering up.The KeuneSo Pure Natural Balance Moisturizing Conditioner further brought that beauty along with more certified argan oil, palmarosa oil and shea butter. You can use this on both wet and dry hair. I added a little after my shampoo and kept it on for a few minutes before rinsing it out. I was amazed at how well it untangled hair because my wide-toothed comb never glides as easily through my heavy, longer hair as it did with this stuff.I added a few drops of KeuneSo Pure Natural Balance Moroccan Olive Oil treatment while my hair was still damp, concentrating more on the ends. This vitamin intensive oil repairs the hair but also shields it from damaging heat whether from UV rays or styling tools.Just after using those three new Keune products, my hair looked so much healthier with more gloss and softness once I styled it. I really didn’t think it could get too much better.Then the following week, I tried the KeuneSo Pure Natural Balance Moisturizing Treatment, which was a real beauty find. This hair mask is what you want when you hair is really hurting from the deep conditioning this one can do. It has micro proteins from Moringa seed extract that until personally trying it will you know how incredibly those specific ingredients work to hydrate and increase the amount of luster. I can’t begin to explain the silky feel that it suddenly had again or how nicely behaved when styling.After that intense conditioning, my hair was in great shape with just their shampoo and the moisturizing conditioner. I didn’t need to give it any heavy treatment until about three weeks later. At that time, I decided the KeuneSo Pure Natural Balance Moisturizing Overnight Repair might be a good bet. The serum provided just enough conditioning without weighing my hair down with its micro proteins from wheat and Moringa seed along with restorative oils like ylang ylang, palmarosa and argan. You are meant to rinse it out in the morning, but my hair absorbed the amount I applied that I kept it in until later that night before shampooing it out.I really lovedthese products because they seriously bolster the condition of dry, damaged hair and turn it around while making you feel like you’re in a spa with that wonderful, lingering aroma.Gift yourself with this system from Keune if your hair needs rescuing as well and then wait until you see your hair respond with new life!Eligibility: Open to USA and Canada. The winner will need to respond to my email with name and shipping address within 48-hours or another winner will be picked.How to Enter: Please use the Rafflecopter widget if it works. You can also enter by clicking this link or try to enter using another browser. You can return daily and log in again with your email to tweet.My worst hair problem is when I've used too much product and now my hair is sticky and weighed down. If I used too much hairspray or gel, I mist myhair with water to dilute the product and use my blow dryer to re-style your damp hair. Since my locks aren't sopping wet I'm finished in a few minutes flat. Another option: Brush through my hair to redistribute product and loosen up crunchy strands.. Over 30 rich plant extracts and essential oils have been selected to create So Pure. Organic essential oils used in So Pure are grown and harvested using biological agriculture that sustains the health of our ecosystem and the quality of the oils.What I learned really made me happy, as a parent of a child with down syndrome, it gives hope."THE KEUNE GROUPEvery day at the Global Headquarters in Soest, the Netherlands, some 17 intellectually disabled employees arrive at Keune. They have their own conveyor belt, and work proudly together as "The Keune Group". These employees operate two packaging lines, and are valued members of our team.Under our supervision, we ensure that they work according to their abilities. Without stress or production deadlines. Each of these employees is given the opportunity to do their best, and contribute to the success of our international company."FIND Nuts 4 Stuff in the US Beauty Blog DirectoryFollow Nuts 4 Stuff with bloglovinFollow by EmailI'm an Influenster!Nuts 4 Stuff on All Women SitesAbout MeI am a professional writer and editor with a long list of published credits from newspaper work that happens to love all kinds of STUFF to beautify a woman and her world. Discovering the latest and best cosmetics, fine perfumes, skin care, and hair care to keep gorgeous along with sharing my own delicious recipes and other helpful advice to improve her appearance and life is my passion.FollowersPR WelcomeIf you like what you see and want your client or your own product (full size only) to be considered for a review and/or host your giveaway on Nuts 4 Stuff, then contact Mary at nuts4stuff@gmail.com for more information. Thank you.