Dynamite: A Cautionary TaleFlexible FundingThis campaign has ended and will receive all funds raised.Campaign ClosedThis campaign ended on March 15, 2015Select a Perk$5USDFeaturedScript Download & updatesThank you from the Dynamite team! Get a pdf of the script, plus we'll keep you in our email database and send you updates on the film!12 claimed$15USDDigital download of the filmWe'll send you a digital copy of 'Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale' once it's released!21 claimed$25USDPre-release digital downloadCan't wait to see 'Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale'? We'll send you a digital copy of the film BEFORE it's officially released!22 claimed$35USDPre-release DVDCan't wait to see 'Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale' AND want a physical DVD instead of a digital download? We'll send you a DVD of the film BEFORE it's officially released! +$10 for international shipping21 claimed$40USDSigned Jon Bernthal photoReceive a photo from The Walking Dead personally signed by Jon Bernthal!0 out of 25 claimed$40USDSigned Scott Wilson photoReceive a photo from The Walking Dead personally signed by Scott Wilson!0 out of 25 claimed$40USD11x17 Dynamite art printGet a signed 11x17 print of this art piece that can be seen in the film! The piece was created by Max Bornstein (the inspiration for Dynamite, played by Ian Harding). (+$10 for international shipping)0 claimed$40USD11x17 Max Bornstein art printGet a signed 11x17 print of this art piece that can be seen in the film! This was a piece Max Bornstein (the inspiration for Dynamite, played by Ian Harding) created during filming. (+$10 for international shipping)0 claimed$40USDSigned Norman Reedus photo!Receive a photo from The Walking Dead personally signed by Norman Reedus!3 out of 25 claimed$50USDSigned 8x10 HeadshotGet a signed 8x10 headshot of Ian Harding, Evanna Lynch or Tate Steinsiek! Please specify who you'd like a signed headshot of when you select this perk!12 claimed$50USDPersonalized Instagram VideoGet a personalized Instagram video from Ian Harding, Evanna Lynch, Chaske Spencer, or Tate Steinsiek! At the end of the campaign, we will email you to confirm your choice.4 claimed$75USDSigned RATFE CDReceive a Reggie and the Full Effect CD personally signed by James and the band! +$10 for international shipping0 out of 20 claimed$75USDSigned FIATC CDReceive a FRNKIERO ANDTHE CELLABRATION personally signed by Frank and the band! +$10 for international shipping10 out of 20 claimed$75USDSigned PLL/HP/Twilight posterGet a Pretty Little Liars poster signed by Ian Harding, a Harry Potter poster signed by Evanna Lynch, or a Twilight poster signed by Chaske Spencer! At the end of the campaign, we will email you to confirm your choice. +$10 for international shipping3 claimed$100USDYour name in the credits!As a special thanks for your help, we'll put your name in the film's credits! See your name on the big screen alongside the likes of Ian Harding, Evanna Lynch and Carol Kane!7 claimed$100USDSkype with Ian, Tate or ChaskeEver wanted to talk to Ian Harding, Chaske Spencer, or Tate Steinsiek? Now's your chance! Select this perk to receive a 5 minute Skype call with one of them! At the end of the campaign, we will email you to confirm your choice.4 out of 15 claimed$100USDSigned The Walking Dead combo!Get all three signed The Walking Dead photos in one perk! That's a signed TWD photo from Norman Reedus, Jon Bernthal and Scott Wilson!1 out of 20 claimed$200USDPremiere and after party!Get TWO tickets to attend the New York premiere and after party of "Dynamite: A Cautionary Tale" with the cast and crew! Transportation not included.1 claimed$1,500USDBecome an Associate Producer!Thank you for helping us get this film made! As a thank you, we will credit you as an associate producer in the end credits! Additionally, you will receive two tickets to the official premiere of the film and after party, and you will receive a digital download of the film!0 claimed$2,000USDMakeup class with Tate!Tate will travel to you and teach a 2-day basic makeup class. Tate will even customize the content of the class to fit your interests! (Does not include cost of materials, additional fee applies for travel outside the US).