2015 Elon Football Signing DayElon Signing Day Live(WATCH HERE)Phoenix head coach Rich Skrosky and several assistant coaches join host David Hibbard to preview Elon's 2015 signing class on Elon Signing Day Live, beginning at 1:30 p.m. exclusively on Phoenix All-Access. See video highlights on every player from Elon's 2015 signing class and hear Coach Skrosky and his assistant coaches talk about each player as the Phoenix prepares for the upcoming season. The show will be available on-demand 24/7 on Phoenix All-Access.Elon Football Signing Day ReceptionFans are invited to come to campus for a free reception beginning at 5:30 p.m. that will be held on the second floor of Lakeside Dining Hall. Fans are asked to park in the lot next to the McMichael Science Building and walk across the street to Lakeside which is connected to the Moseley Center. Elon football staff members will be in attendance to discuss and show highlights of the new class. Light hors d'oeuvres and drinks will be provided. There will also be a short program featuring Coach Skrosky.Quarterback Daniel Thompson (Boiling Springs, S.C. / Boiling Springs) will enroll at Elon for the spring semester. Thompson threw for 9,812 yards and 91 touchdowns during his career for coach Rick Tate. The Shrine Bowl participant has earned all-area, all-region and all-state accolades during his career. Thompson won the South Carolina Varsity Quarterback Challenge from 2011-14. His performance helped his prep squad to state playoff appearances from 2011-14. Academically, Thompson is a National Honor Society and National Beta Club member and sports a 4.6 GPA. Daniel is the son of Danny and Tammy Thompson. His brother Dylan was a quarterback for the University of South Carolina.Offensive lineman Matt Kowalewski (Charlotte, N.C. / Charlotte Catholic) has been rated as a two-star recruit by Rivals.com. Kowalewski was named to the All-Charlotte Observer Team and collected all-conference honors as a senior as the team averaged 378 yards of total offense. A three-year starter for Elon alum Mike Brodowicz’s program, Kowalewski served as a team captain in 2014. His performance during three years as a starter helped his squad to a 28-4 record and runner-up state finishes in both 2012 and 2014. Following the 2014 campaign he was named the Charlotte Football Comeback Player of the Year as well as the Bronko Nagurski Charlotte Comeback Player of the Year. In 2012, Kowalewski earned all-conference honors in both wrestling and golf. Kowalewski’s performance on the links helped his squad to two regional championships and appearances in the state championships in both 2011 and 2012. Matt is the son of Chris and Joanna Kowalewski.Offensive lineman CJ Toogood (Holly Springs, N.C. / Holly Springs) has twice earned all-conference and academic all-conference honors. As a sophomore he earned his squad’s lineman of the year distinction. The following season he collected the Coaches Award. As a senior, Toogood was named a team captain and team MVP for coach Wayne Bragg’s program. Following the 2014 season he was selected to play in the North Carolina East-West All-Star Game. He helped his team reach the state playoffs and lead the league in rushing in each of the past two years. Toogood is also a two-time all-conference, academic all-conference and state qualifier in wrestling. CJ is the son of former Penn State University football player John and Paula Toogood. His grandfather, Charley Toogood, played seven seasons in the National Football League.Wide receiver Corey Joyner (Mooresville, N.C. / Lake Norman) will enroll at Elon for the spring semester. After a three-year varsity career Joyner ranks highly on many of North Carolina’s all-time prep receiving charts. His 3,490 receiving yards rate as the fifth-most ever in the state, his 40 receiving TDs also rate fifth and his 201 career catches rank seventh. His name also appears on the state’s season top-10 lists as well. Joyner’s 1,708 receiving yards in 2013 rank as the fifth-best single-season total in state history and his 21 receiving touchdowns that same year rank sixth. Over the course of his career Joyner set Lake Norman High records for receiving yards in a game and season, receptions in a game and season, points scored in a game, touchdown catches in a game and season. He also established Iredell County marks for receiving yards in a season and career, receptions in a season and career and receiving TDs in a season and career. The 2014 Shrine Bowl participant recorded 86 catches for 1,406 yards and 16 scores as a senior. He averaged 17.1 yards per reception and 93.7 yards per game as he helped coach Rob McNeely’s program to a conference title and regional finals appearance. Joyner was a team captain and offensive MVP in 2014 and also claimed first-team All-Lake honors and second-team All-Charlotte Observer accolades. Twice Joyner collected all-conference, all-county and all-region distinction. Corey is the son of Corey and Dana Joyner.Wide receiver Josh Ramseur (Newton, N.C. / Newton-Conover) will enroll at Elon for the spring semester. He caught 42 balls for 595 yards and seven touchdowns as a senior. On defense, he made 49 tackles, including seven stops for a loss, and forced two fumbles. Ramseur is an all-conference player who participated in the Shrine Bowl. He was an honorable mention choice to the All-Greater Hickory Football Team. Ramseur’s play helped coach Matt Beam’s program to a 2012 conference title. Academically, Ramseur is a member of the Beta Club and National Honor Society. He has also been named a Lenoir-Rhyne Scholar. Josh is the son of former University of North Carolina and Mars Hill College football player Michael Ramseur and Angie Harris-Ramseur.Running back Nick Theos (Mount Pleasant, S.C. / Bishop England / Naval Academy) has transferred to Elon and will have four seasons of eligibility remaining after red-shirting at Navy in 2014. Following his senior season for coach John Cantey, Theos earned both all-conference and all-state accolades. Theos was recognized with the Troy Brown Running Back Award. A team captain, his performance helped his prep squad to back-to-back state titles in 2011 and 2012. Theos also earned letters in basketball and track and field. He spent the 2013-14 academic year at the Naval Academy Prep School. Nick is the son of former Citadel basketball player Jerry and Karen Theos. His grandfather, Nick Theos, played football at Elon.Defensive back Sam Eisenstadt (Locust, N.J. / Rumson-Fair Haven) made 65 total tackles, including 25 solo stops and 10 tackles for a loss, had two interceptions and forced four fumbles as a senior. Over the course of his career, Eisenstadt intercepted six passes. A first-team All-Shore Conference selection following the 2014 campaign, Eisenstadt claimed state championship MVP accolades as coach Brian Batchler’s program won its second straight state crown last year. Sam is the son of Jeff Eisenstadt and Mary Vaden and is the sister of current Elon sophomore Charlotte. He will also be joined at Elon by his twin brother Ben. His brother Jack is a defensive lineman at Monmouth University.Linebacker Matt Baker (Raleigh, N.C. / Heritage) totaled 85 tackles, including 15 stops for a loss and three sacks, forced five fumbles and intercepted one pass while playing at linebacker and defensive end as a junior. During his senior campaign for coach Jason McGeorge, Baker was used primarily as a running back where he amassed 1,585 yards rushing, averaged 6.3 yards per carry and scored 17 touchdowns in just nine games. Baker posted five consecutive 200-yard rushing games this year. He participated in both the 2014 Shrine Bowl Combine and the 2014 Nike SPARQ Combine. The 2014 team MVP has posted a top 40 time of 4.42 seconds. Baker earned CAP-8 All-Conference honors in both 2013 and 2014. Baker is a member of the National Achiever’s Society and Fellowship of Christian Athletes, has served as a peer mentor and earned A/B Honor Roll accolades. Matt is the son of former Chowan College wide receiver Erwin and Kim Baker.Linebacker Trevor Darby (Cornelius, N.C. / Davidson Day) has been rated as a two-star recruit by Rivals.com. Darby is a three-year team captain who has twice claimed first-team all-state accolades. As a junior he led his squad in sacks and tackles. Darby’s performance helped coach Chad Grier’s program capture three state titles and three conference crowns. Trevor is the son of former Wingate University football player Allen and Jo Ann Darby.Wide receiver Tereak McCray (Burlington, N.C. / Williams) was a three-time first-team all-conference and all-region performer. McCray has been honored by coach David Green’s team with both the wide receiver and defensive back of the year awards. Over the course of his career, McCray caught 45 balls for 755 yards, averaging 16.8 yards per catch and scored nine touchdowns. He also carried the ball 210 times for 1,357 yards and 11 scores. On defense, McCray made 163 total tackles, picked off eight passes, blocked one punt and blocked nine field goals. As a punt and kick returner he logged 866 yards. Tereak is the son of Jonettie Evans.Defensive lineman Jordan Dollerson (Florence, Ala. / Florence) has been rated as a two-star recruit by Rivals.com. As a senior he amassed 65 total tackles, including 25 stops for a loss and eight sacks. Dollerson claimed four defensive player of the week honors. He helped lead coach Jason Wallace’s team to a 12-2 mark, a region title and a state playoff semifinals appearance in 2014. Dollerson is an AB Honor Roll student. Jordan is the son of Donnie and Melissa Dollerson.Wide receiver Jon Thomas (Atlanta, Ga. / Lovett) has been rated as a two-star recruit by Rivals.com. Thomas collected all-region distinction in both 2012 and 2013. He helped lead coach Mike Muschamp’s program to a 2013 state championship and a 2014 state semifinals appearance. In 2013, Thomas was a state qualifier in both the 4x100 relay and triple jump. Thomas also collected all-region honors in basketball in both 2012 and 2013. Jon is the son of Henry and Ann Thomas.Offensive lineman Alex Higgins (Duluth, Ga. / Peachtree Ridge) was named to the 2014 all-county team and twice claimed all-region honors for coach Mark Fleetwood. A team captain, Higgins earned his program’s offensive lineman of the year honor. He also collected offensive honor roll accolades three times and was named the Gwinnett County Player of the Month. As a senior he recorded 111 pancake blocks. He participated in the 2014 Gwinnett All-Star Game. His performance helped his prep squad to state playoff appearances in both 2013 and 2014. Higgins also captained his lacrosse team. Alex is the son of former University of New Orleans All-American and Major League Baseball player Mark and Misty Higgins. His brother Andrew played football at both Tulane University and Tennessee Tech University.Defensive back Greg Liggs, Jr. (Greensboro, N.C. / Southeast Guilford) claimed Metro 4A All-Conference honors in 2014 after being an honorable mention selection following his junior campaign. As s senior he led Southeast Guilford with 73 total tackles and added one interception and one fumble recovery. Offensively, he ran for 278 yards and six touchdowns and added 21 catches for 370 yards and three scores. In 2013, Liggs led the league with eight interceptions. He added 45 tackles and broke up three passes that same season. Last year, Liggs helped coach Fritz Hessenthaler’s program to a 10-2 record, conference title and a state playoff appearance. In his junior season the team went 11-3 and advanced to the third round of the playoffs. Greg is the son of former York College (Pa.) sprinter and NCAA Division III track all-American Gregory and Kaniesha Liggs. His sister, NaKiesha, threw the shot put at Winston-Salem State University.Defensive lineman Kadrien Darity (Winston-Salem, N.C. / Mount Tabor) posted 80 total tackles, including 21 stops for a loss and 16 sacks, during his senior campaign. He also forced three fumbles and recovered one fumble for a touchdown. Darity collected 2014 All-Central Piedmont Conference accolades while playing for coach Laymarr Marshall. His play helped Mount Tabor to three state playoff appearances, including a 2012 quarterfinals run. Kadrien is the son of Patrick and Monica Harris.Running back Malcolm Summers (Mebane, N.C. / Eastern Alamance) amassed 5,176 career all-purpose yards in his time playing for coach John Kirby. Summers, the 2014 league player of the year, set a program single-season rushing record with 1,974 yards. He also set season school marks in points scored (252), rushing touchdowns (38) and total touchdowns (42) along with the career records for rushing yardage (3,124) and most total touchdowns (76). His 99-yard kick return is also a program record. A two-time all-league and three-time academic all-conference pick, Summers helped Eastern Alamance to an undefeated regular season and league title during his senior season. In both his junior and senior seasons, Eastern Alamance advanced to the third round of the state playoffs. Malcolm is the son of the late Gary Summers and Teresa Miles.Linebacker Warren Messer (Garner, N.C. / Garner) collected three all-conference honors during his time as a prep. He also claimed all-state recognition and was named the GNRC Defensive Player of the Year. The all-academic team performer posted 402 career tackles, including 5.5 sacks. As prep he also forced seven fumbles, recovered four fumbles and intercepted three passes. Messer’s play helped lead coach Thurman Leach’s team to a 4AA Eastern runner-up showings and a league title. Warren is the son of Bill Messer and Wendy Adams.Defensive back Tariq Lane (Wilmington, N.C. / Laney) has earned first-team all-area honors three times. He is also a three-time all-conference honoree. His performance helped coach Ashaad Yeoman’s program to the state playoffs. Tariq is the son of former University of Richmond football player Teryl and Monika Lane.Defensive lineman Antwain Terry (Wake Forest, N.C. / Wake Forest HS) was a first-team all-league selection following a senior campaign in which he amassed 60 total tackles, including 25 tackles for a loss and nine sacks. Terry was a nominee for the North Carolina East-West All-Star Game. He also collected academic all-conference honors. Terry’s play helped coach Reggie Lucas’ squad to two regional titles and two state runner-up showings. Antwain is the son of John Jiles and Tara Terry. He is also the cousin of former University of North Carolina standout and first-round NFL draft pick Gregg Ellis.