Liability:First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only. Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use.A conservatory is an extension of a house. It is not built from the materials normally used to build a house but they increase the living space of the house and also increase its market value. You will understand why the market value increases as you read this article.A conservatory is like a glass house that is attached to the house. A particular area of the house, preferably the south facing side is chosen (because that is where you get the most sunlight throughout the year) in order to build a conservatory. It is erected in such a way that it is weather proof yet it is open to sunlight. This keeps the room warm and saves on energy that would have to be spent heating and lighting a room.Another advantage of a conservatory is the sunlight and greenery. Studies have shown that the human psyche responds well to sunlight and greenery. But you do not need a study to tell you that. You yourself must have experienced the joy of being in nature. A conservatory brings that to your home and you can start everyday on a positive note in your conservatory. It does not have to be a separate room in itself but you can convert the living room, dining room, library music room or even a bedroom into one. You can even do it to the kitchen. Imagine cooking while you are so close to nature.Conservatories have been around for a couple of centuries now and there are many different designs you can choose from. Here are a few different types you can choose from.Victorian: This is a traditional design and is the most popular because of its elegant look. The Victorian conservatory has a bay front and a steeply pitched roof.Edwardian: This type of conservatory was very popular in the Edwardian era (English King Edward VII). It is either square or rectangular in shape and has subdued lines and embellishment. Due to its shape it allows for the free flow of light and air.Georgian: This is a square conservatory but is great if you need space. Due to its design it allows you to lay out furniture.Since building a traditional conservatory is not always practical people prefer to go contemporary and moderns styles. There is plenty of choice in this as well and you can design one the way you like it if you do not want to use any of the existing designs.No Implied Endorsement:First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company.No Warranty:Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites.