Is Twitter about to claim its first prime ministerial scalp?Within the next three hours, the seventeen-month reign of Australia’s conservative PM Tony Abbott may come to a crashing close, terminated not by policy differences but by populism and personality. Could Twitter be about to claim its first prime ministerial scalp?The contrasting characters of Tony Abbott and Malcolm Turnbull could not have been more cunningly scripted had Jeffrey Archer invented them: one a staunch monarchist (whose act of awarding an Aussie knighthood to Prince Philip on Australia Day exactly two weeks ago led directly to this morning’s party room spill), the other the former frontman of the (failed) 1999 Republican referendum. One a fervent climate change sceptic (Mr Abbott once described climate change as ‘crap’), the other a firm believer who once claimed ‘I will not lead a party that is not as committed to effective action on ­climate change as I am’.Turnbull, who briefly led the party in opposition before being toppled in 2009 by Abbott, represents an electorate in Sydney’s trendy eastern suburbs (think Islington) where the key concerns are climate change, gay marriage and bicycle paths. He is the darling of Australia’s leftist public broadcaster the ABC, pin-up boy for the Guardian Australia and other left-leaning media and hugely popular among the twitterati and the student worlds. Indeed, many have long wished he were leading the Labor party.Mr Abbott, on the other hand, led a conservative backlash against the wasteful, debt-laden Rudd-Gillard-Rudd governments that resulted in a landslide victory only seventeen months ago for his Liberal National Party Coalition.At 9am AEST (10pm GMT) in a hastily convened party room meeting prior to the beginning of the 2015 parliamentary year in Canberra, the Liberal victors of 2013 meet to decide whether to replace Abbott with Turnbull. Despite an impressive list of achievements over the past year and a half, which includes ‘stopping the boats’ of asylum-seekers, three Free Trade Agreements, and scrapping the unpopular carbon and mining taxes, Abbott has remained a deeply unpopular figure. He is despised by much of the media and demonised on social media, where he only tentatively dabbles. Unfortunately for him, as he enters the meeting the latest Newspoll shows his personal popularity continues to decline to levels not seen since the days of the divisive Paul Keating.How did it come to this? A poorly sold and complicated budget, which languishes unloved and unpassed in the Senate, combined with a series of clumsily handled ‘captain’s picks’ – including the aforementioned knighthood – saw Abbott increasingly criticized over the Christmas (summer) recess.In particular, former supporters and commentators of the right, who may soon be ruing their overly-enthusiastic commitment to freedom of expression, weighed in on his backflips and gaffes. Throw in the much maligned Peta Credlin, a powerful woman who is Abbott’s over-bearing Chief of Staff, along with two dramatic losses for conservatives in two state elections, and dissatisfaction with Abbott reached fever pitch. In the end, backbenchers became spooked by the sheer unpopularity of their leader, allowing themselves to be convinced that a resurgent Labor party led by union man Bill Shorten will easily succeed come the next federal election (due in 2016).Yet who to challenge him? Of the potential candidates, one was his deputy and foreign minister Julie Bishop, the other Turnbull. Both hedged and then pledged loyalty. Neither has declared they will run unless the spill motion (proposed by two maverick backbenchers, one of whom believes that eating halal meat turns you Muslim and the other who quips about the ‘gay BC’) succeeds. At which point it is expected Turnbull will nominate, with Bishop as his deputy. Does he have the numbers? Thus far, this candidate-less coup appears to have been very well orchestrated. It’s touch and go. Stay tuned.Rowan Dean is editor of Spectator Australia“.. could not have been more cunningly scripted had Jeffrey Archer invented them” THAT’S when I stopped reading!!Jody TaylorRowan Dean, the writer of this article, is a champion. He appears regularly on TV discussions about politics and I always look forward to these – we all do in our family. It’s the brilliant way he laughs at many of the comments from the whacky Left which is so heartening. They deserve being laughed at; people take them way too seriously because their infantile ideologies are based on the “Pollyanna principal”, as we call it. Nothing realistic or rational in much of it. In fact, many of their postures and canards are actually divisive.Rowan, “keep up your bright sword or the dew will rust it” (Shakespeare).Paulo WilliamsJust want to say this is journalism at its worst. Subjective, rehashing of old news, and full of ‘maybes’. Did you have a space you couldn’t fill?Jody TaylorThis is a legitimate discussion. Leave the room if you don’t want to hear it.Sholto DouglasHe has just survived the spill motion, but it’s only delaying the inevitable. The guy is a weapons-grade idiot, and we must wait in sphincteral stress for his next gaffe. Won’t be long, I assure you. If we got rid of him now, the 18 months between now and the next election would give his successor time to stamp his authority, and the public time to forget the turmoil. By hanging on to him, we are merely jettisoning those slim hopes. We will get the same turmoil, but closer to the election and an almost certain Labor government. Turnbull may be too metro for most Libs, but the choice we have is not Turnbull vs Abbott, but Turnbull vs Shorten.Jody TaylorYou’ve made sense here. I’ve always thought Abbott was essentially an intellectual; he has written significant books and articles and would rather have those kinds of discussions. Frankly, I think his job is boring him (though he won’t be humiliated in having to give it up) and that’s why he has Credlin do the daily ‘chores’ for him. He’s a better writer, thinker, debater than he is ‘chief salesman’ for the government. My family has close connections to his and I can tell you also that he’s a much more complex individual than generally understood and the boredom element cannot be dismissed.Intellectuals don’t make good leaders!Sholto DouglasAlas I disagree with your diagnosis of intellectualism. I somehow cannot reconcile his gaffes and blunders, going back years, with intelligence. I suppose a squadron of minders pre-vetting his every utterance could block most of his stuff-ups, but do we want a PM who needs that level of chaperoning? Anyway, however much censorship we subject him to, he will still manage to find a banana skin. Why subject ourselves to the aforementioned sphincteral stress waiting for it to happen? We need Turnbull as the front man, ideally with Scott Morrison as his deputy to provide some backbone.hyufdSpill beaten 61-39, Gillard won 71-39 in Feb 2012 and was gone the following yearpedestrianbloggerI wish Mr. Abbott all the very best. The facts that “he is despised by much of the media and demonised on social media” and that he “once described climate change as ‘crap’” can only redound to his credit.stephengreenYet, went leftwards when in office. In an ideal world, i.e. not now, Bernardi would be an excellent choice, though not a consensus candidate.dalai guevaraIt won’t and it has done the opposite. I do not expect you to understand that. Reality will hit your kind hardest. It always does.pedestrianbloggerNot really interested in your opinion, to be quite honest.dalai guevaraThis is not about me. You are not really interested in reality. It always hits your kind hardest. It always does.Why are you linking to this garbage, pal? Did you think that could save your coolist backside. You will switch your air-con off – that’s what people do when they are broke. They go Green.Jody TaylorWould you care to explain the psychological basis and empirical evidence for your comments?Better stick to “The Guardian”, pitched to a reading age of about 12.dalai guevaraWill I care to repeat myself you mean to say – why would I do that? Read my comments on this subject matter and you will know all you need to know.Jody TaylorDo you think your name betrays your ideology? (I used the word “ideology” loosely.)Alistair KerrCompletely agree. The knighthood for the Duke of Edinburgh was a mistake, as there was no prior consultation, which there should have been, but it is not important. Australian envy-politics, cutting down the tall poppies, is probably also a factor.clarrieWhat an extraordinarily ill-informed rant. Your correspondent either a) hasn’t visited this country in years or b) is as divorced from the populace as our unfortunate PM. It’s all about the policies, as the state election results have shown. Australians are sick of seeing their leaders captured by large corporations and tiny elites who continue to siphon wealth upwards. Twitter isn’t widely used in Australia. It’s voter disgust that is driving this. Open your eyes, it’s blindingly obvious.Michele KeighleyNo, it’s not – and I live here; it’s a disgusting attempt by media to manipulate the opinions of those who need to be told what to think. After the disgusting era of Rudd and the congenital liar Gillard, those of us who think for ourselves know exactly who is fit for office and who is not. And if Labor gets back in, I want a cutting of that magic money tree that grows in their back yards.