SEND A CONDOLENCEVISIT THE GRIEF RECOVERY CENTER"Say hi to Norma I know you have plenty of material left she hasn't heard. Very sad you are now gone too. The precious memories will always make me smile and sometimes even laugh out load still but now on with a tear or two.""OH MY How I will treasure my knowing Brooks…Crawling through the then un-renovated Majestic Theater in Boston, Brooks and I went way up into the ceiling as he insisted on showing me the view from there. Hard hats and all we went climbing. He turned to me when we got up to the very top and said. “What do you think kid - now this is heaven!” Oh dear Brooks, keep the bouffant skirt on and thank you for showing me a piece of heaven, I truly will never ever forget you!"– Jonathan Cerullo, friend, NY, NY, Feb 03, 2015"Brooks Russell was a special man. His kindness to me during my years at Emerson won't ever be forgotten. He most definitely was a classy guy. My love and deepest condolences to his family and friends"– Julie Paris, A friend , Pacific Palisades, CA, Jan 31, 2015"It was a long ride, it was a fun ride, oh my, what a ride! It would take a book to touch upon the many facets of Brook’s life and those he influenced and helped along the way. I was blessed to have shared some amazing times with him during the Majestic years. He loved people with a heart and a half, and as much as he had a passion for Theatre, his desire to mentor and help others was even greater. The seed of what I am doing now to help others was first planted by him. His “it aint no good unless you give it away” style of living was a gift he imparted to me, along with my sarcastic sense of humor, one liners and understanding of comedic timing! (Trajedy+Time=Comedy) The times we spent together were rich in his “war” stories from the Cargill days, New York and Summer Stock. I don’t think I’ve ever laughed as much as the days we worked together and the times we were able to get together after my move from Boston. Bless you Bob and Larry for being such steadfast friends for Brooks especially in his latter years. As vocal as Brooks could be in all matters of life, the matters of his heart often went unspoken. The love and gratitude for what you’ve done with him and for him through the years were often too much for him to put into words.Thank you for all of the good times, the laughs and support Brooksie. What you’ve done for myself and others will continue to live on!See you in the next town old friend."– Brian Richardson, Friend, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL, Jan 31, 2015"Brooks Russell. What a character, often larger than life, witty, fun, uncompromising, but most of all entertaining. He loved the Majestic and Emerson and will be long remembered by friends and loved ones. We can still hear his throaty laugh."– Nancy and Steve King, Friend, New Brunswick , Jan 31, 2015"May my friend and mentor, Brooks, rest in peace. By that I mean "Musical Comedy Heaven!" His love for people and his passion for the theatre was an inpsiration to me and everyone who was lucky enough to come into his world. Thank you, Brooks, for all the knowledge and humor you brought to me and so many others. You are truly one-of-a-kind. Bill Miller, New London Barn Playhouse 1971 Apprentice; Emerson College Class of 1974."