Starring Samantha3/30/15Hi everyone! So I finally got around to editing and posting some photos from my trip to Italy--here's what I wore on our day trip to Lake Como--we visited Bellagio and Varenna! The view there was so beautiful, but one downside--we couldn't find George Clooney! :(Here's what I wore on our day trip there. It was pretty cold so the fur and leather was key to keeping me warm...I actually packed for warmer weather for the trip and definitely could not wear half the stuff I packed...this fur scarf saved my life haha.Anyway, enjoy the pictures and stay tuned! We took tons of videos too which I'm working on figuring out how to piece together!3/24/15Music is a huge part of my life. It's one of the most therapeutic things, I think. Whenever I am stressed out and upset or angry or just do not know how to react, music always helps me feel better. When I leased a car for work, the one requirement I made sure that it had were good speakers so I can just blast music and rock out to myself.. ;).When you can't just pump music in public? The most crucial thing to have? Good headphones. My favorites are the ones that help emphasize the bass, and the ones I'm wearing are definitely ones that do it well..and on the plus side? They're SUPER affordable and so cute for everyday. 100% hands down one of the best deals for your buck...which I'm sure you can tell...they're sold out at the moment! Check out their website at www.theankit.com and use discount code 'STARRINGSAM20' for 20% off your purchase. Happy shopping!3/16/15I've been looking for the perfect over the knee boots for a long, long time. Initially, I deterred from buying Stuart Weitzman after taking a pair of 5050 boots back after deciding that they didn't fit well on me (it clumped too much). I was also a big leather kind of person so I never really gave suede a fair chance--also probably because of the way I walk I figured suede shoes would need wayyy more maintenance.Anyway long story short I wanted a pair of over the knee boots that were more fitting--something that had a pointy toe and a comfortable heel and was pleasantly surprised to find all of that in these Highstreets. Now I try to wear them every chance I get...Thank you Stuart Weitzman!