Australian teenage boys are engaging in homophobia at an alarming rate. A new anti homophobic advertising campaign by beyondblue aims to highlight the absurdity of discriminating against people just for being themselves.The UNICEF Australia Young Ambassador Program is a unique and exciting role which gives youth aged 15-24 from all across Australia a platform to speak up for children’s rights. You can be part of creating a world where children are safe, treated fairly, heard, healthy and can reach their full potential.This is a one-year, voluntary role open to young people from every state and territory in Australia from all different kinds of backgrounds, with diverse experiences and skill sets. In your role as a Young Ambassador, you will have the opportunity to exercise leadership and to develop some new skills in a particular area you are interested in (such as reporting on youth issues, learning how to lobby Members of Parliament, or public speaking). This role aims to build your capacity to be advocates for children’s rights at a local, national and international level.The selected Young Ambassadors for 2015-16 will:attend a training session in Sydney from Friday 3 July - Thursday 9 July 2015learn about children’s rights in the Australian and international contextdevelop an understanding of UNICEF Australia’s work domestically and internationallylearn about government advocacy and lobby politiciansengage with the public and other children/youth through speaking opportunities, media and social mediaThe NYWF team is excited to announce that it is now accepting artist submissions for its 2015 program. Each October, hundreds of emerging and established young writers converge in Newcastle, take over its empty spaces to talk and perform words, create new friends, networks and ideas, and leave feeling energised and inspired.We are now seeking up to 15 young people aged 16-21 to participate over two consecutive days (29-30 April) in co-creating digital solutions to support young people’s resilience in partnership with digital innovators.Gracie Latkovski is 10 years old. She uses a wheelchair due to cerebral palsy and cystic fibrosis. Despite her illness, the smile on her face and the spirit in her eyes proves that anything is possible. In the video below, Gracie and her older sister Quincy take the stage at the 2013 WHAS Crusade for... View ArticleCreative Development workshop for new dance show this Saturday (28th March) for female pre-professional and professional dancers. The performance will explore how we support, encourage and journey alongside friends, mothers or daughters that have suffered or do suffer from depression or post-natal depression. Due to the content of the work, female dancers only please. 3-6pm 1 The Avenue, Surrey Hills For more info call Colette on 0404844179 or email info@3darts.com.auThe 2015 Schwab Foundation Social Entrepreneurs of the Year represents 31 outstanding social entrepreneurs from 25 organizations operating in more than 45 countries that are pioneering solutions for social and environmental challenges, from mental health to nutrition, homelessness to climate change and more.All photos courtesy of the Ikea Foundation "Better Shelter," the next-generation refugee dwelling from the Ikea Foundation, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and a group of Swedish...In commemoration of the ANZAC centenary, the New Zealand Dance Company is making its first ever tour of Australia.The company is bringing Rotunda, choreographed by founding co-artistic director Shona McCullagh.Featuring Ausdance director Andy Howitt and dancer/choreographer Joseph Simons Don’t miss a one-off professional development opportunity for emerging young performers in our community to examine contemporary dance with two of the industry’s top experts. Join seasoned dancer and choreographer Joseph Simons and head of Victoria’s peak dance body, Ausdance, Andy Howitt for a full day of contemporary dance insights. History of Contemporary Dance presented by Andy Howitt. An introduction to contemporary dance history and its many forms, looking at its beginnings in the 1960s through to what’s happening right now. Fresh from curating I Could Have Danced All Night for White Night, Andy Howitt has extensive industry experience, having danced internationally with many top companies including Transitions Dance Company, National Dance Company of Wales, Scottish Opera and Scottish Dance Theatre. Howitt has worked as a director, artistic director, dance director, producer, professional dancer, dance teacher, and choreographer. Practical Approach to Choreography presented by Joseph Simons Simons is a former Australian Ballet School student and Tanja Leidtke Fellowship winner who has performed across Australia, UK, Europe and the US in productions for Chunky Move, Monty Python’s SPAMALOT, Cats, The Flying Fruit Fly Circus and Miss Saigon. A choreographer since the age of nine, Joseph Simons will offer a fascinating insight into contemporary choreography and making the transition from a classical background. Hear the methods Simons used to create his show First Things First while in Berlin on a Tanja Leidtke Fellowship and the importance that improvisation played in the choreographic process. First Things First – the show Experience a mind-blowing display of physicality delivered with unique charm and wit by Joseph Simons. More about First Things First Ausdance regional event in partnership with Montrose Town Centre and Eastern Regional LibrariesTICKETS $12 workshop only FREE with adult ticket to First Things First (which also includes 1 free entry for Under 17 to show)Sharing your scoops to your social media accounts is a must to distribute your curated content. Not only will it drive traffic and leads through your content, but it will help show your expertise with your followers.Integrating your curated content to your website or blog will allow you to increase your website visitors’ engagement, boost SEO and acquire new visitors. By redirecting your social media traffic to your website, Scoop.it will also help you generate more qualified traffic and leads from your curation work.Distributing your curated content through a newsletter is a great way to nurture and engage your email subscribers will developing your traffic and visibility. Creating engaging newsletters with your curated content is really easy.