‘Boyhood’ Wins Best Picture at the BAFTA AwardsLONDON — BAFTA went mad about the boy on Sunday night in London, with Richard Linklater’s “Boyhood” picking up the prizes for best picture and director, as well as supporting actress.It was a night at the Royal Opera House where almost everything went to form.There were no surprises in the acting races, with Eddie Redmayne, Julianne Moore, J.K. Simmons and Patricia Arquette all winning — confirming their status as clear favorites for the Oscars in two weeks’ time.As well as taking the best actor award, James Marsh’s “The Theory of Everything” made up for missing out in the best picture race by taking the award for outstanding British film and the prize for adapted screenplay.It was a grand night for Wes Anderson’s “The Grand Budapest Hotel,” winning five awards: original screenplay, original music, makeup and hair, production design and costume design.Neither Linklater nor Anderson were present because of a scheduling clash with the Directors Guild of America awards the previous night in Los Angeles.“Whiplash” drummed up three laurels, adding sound and editing to the supporting actor prize.Writer Stephen Beresford and producer David Livingstone won the BAFTA for outstanding British debut by a writer, director or producer, for their collaboration on “Pride.”Pawel Pawlikowski’s stunning black-and-white “Ida” won best film not in the English language. This marked a unique triple for Pawlikowski, who previously won the BAFTAs for outstanding British debut (for “Last Resort”) and outstanding British film (for “My Summer of Love”). He joked that he might as well get a lifetime achievement award straight away.“Birdman” took the cinematography prize, its only award, and one of the more unexpected winners of the night.More predictably, “Citizenfour” won the documentary prize.Stephen Hawking received a standing ovation for presenting the special vfx prize to “Interstellar.”Jack O’Connell was named the BAFTA EE Rising Star, voted by the public.As previously announced, the BAFTA for outstanding contribution to British cinema was handed to BBC Films on its 25th anniversary. Topper Christine Langan, herself a BAFTA best film winner a few years back for producing “The Queen,” accepted the honor, declaring, “British talent is simply the business.”Richard Attenborough, the former BAFTA president who died last year, was the subject of a special tribute headlined by a heartfelt recorded message from Robert Downey Jr., who starred in Attenborough’s “Chaplin.”Mike Leigh was honored with the BAFTA fellowship, although “Mr. Turner” failed to take any awards on the night.If ‘Boyhood’ was directed by Clint Eastwood, and during the Presidential campaign Ethan Hawke & Ellar Salmon planted McCain signs instead of Obama signs and the rest of the movie was still identical. All of us would have never heard of Boyhood unless it was being ridiculed and laughed at as a big P.O.S. That it is. WAKE UP! all you suckers! Think about it.Has anyone seen the Imitation Game or the Theory of Everything? ‘Boyhood’ without the cute kid and the 12 year gimmick, what is it? Zilch – Straight to video CRAP. The Academy looks for Inspiration and Class when it comes to true Motion Pictures, not an After School Special that is like a fictional documentary ‘Boyhood’. I don’t hate boyhood, I just feel deceived by it. I saw the trailer and the reviews and showed up and got to see Drunken domestic violence, women beaten to the floor, Drunk driving, and a nice looking kid who developed into an insolent deadpan rube. UNINSPIRING – What was inspiring were the lives of Stephen Hawking (The Theory of Everything) and Alan Turing (The Imitation Game) revealed by top notch writing, directing, acting, ETC. Are you going to put Boyhood in the same category as Schindler’s List, Braveheart, Gandhi, etc. Seriously?I dont’ think there was any favouritism here. The oscars will probably be almost identical to these results (other than the inclusion of the propagandist American Sniper, and the exclusion of the undisputed best animation Lego Movie).Except for the deserving acting awards–total disappointment. BAFTA becomes the Spirit Awards! A bunch of little, film festival movies that nobody will see! And except for the outstanding AMERICAN SNIPER, the Oscars audience will go way down this year and no wonder!very happy that BAFTA saw past the huge lie and utter piece of propaganda that is American Sniper….let the patriots enjoy and flag wave knowing Hollywood is laughing at them for all the $$$ they have spent.