GUERNSEYMiscellaneous DepartmentBrian Allen Life CoachingCoaching is for everybody and not just for people with problems but it will be especially good for people that cant seem to break into new areas of happiness etc. Its for any age group without discrimination and the results are clear to see. See My Special Offers below. By Being Coached I simply take people from a place of discontent, unhappiness, stress or pain, into a place of retreat, while we form a plan. This place of retreat is in your mind of safety and security which you may feel is locked.Here we make this plan together and come up with a clear map to direct you where it is you need and want to go. I am committed to helping others who feel or know that their lives are not as happy or as fulfilled as they wish them to be. This is what I do for people, this is what I am good at, mainly because I have been there my self, I have been in your shoes, and I truly know your pain. I know just how hard the struggles can be.I know how confusing troubles can be especially if you don’t have a plan or a way out, in mind. Read my many testimonials about my success rate with real people who were at one point just like you and me. They too were reading this advert but decided to get in touch, yes they got in touch, they called me up, and after a short chat they hired me, now see for your self what they them selves have to say about my Coaching and the benefits of taking action are clear to see!These people tell you in their own words how my Coaching has changed their lives 10 fold! They too were in situations that they thought they could either not get through or felt they could never change. But then they got in touch and their results are now here for you to read! So now read some of my testimonials, that represent the views of my clients that I have Coached. I hope you will be inspired enough to at least call me for a chat, there is an 0800 number for you because I don’t want your mind to come up with any more excuses as to why you can not at least call me to discuss your future happiness, dreams and desires! Coaching is not at all like counselling its more in depth and has a greater capacity to paint a clear picture in a framework that you understand. This is much more powerful and empowering to the individual.As you travel through your life its important to design your lifestyle to become healthy and active, providing that you don’t play games or trade your fitness for foods or drinks that can be harmful to your body. Making sure you have sufficient vitamins on a daily basis to stay strong. Its important to feel the beauty with-in you. Feeling good is not just about the outside, its not just about your nails, looking good or your hair being styled or cut. I agree that appearances’ are important and to look good is to feel good, but not as important as the inner you. Sometimes we may feel pressured into being the same as every one else, or keeping up with the neighbours. We are always being bombarded by the media, that being by TV or audio tempting us with their adverts to make us part with our money.Sometimes it will be cars, boats, jewellery, computers or games for our children. These are usually things that are trendy and are constantly being marketed and updated to the latest models or software. Fashion and clothing is another modern day trend that we are forced into conforming with. One of my pet hates is living in a through-away world where most times its easier or cheaper to buy new, rather than get anything repaired. Although this may seem an easier option it can lead to financial difficulties and sometimes debt. Most people have credit cards and these can spiral out of control very quickly if the monthly balance is not paid off in full, each and every month when the statements arrive. I hope this page gives you a window of opportunity to explore an alternative medicine that’s has worked for many people. Please click on the links provided to find out much more about my coaching. The testimonials will speak for themselves.