Tie Dypes Diapers and Drool Monkey Teething Toy Sweepstakes - (2/19)Welcome to the Natural Baby Giveaway Hop, hosted by Happy Mothering, Easy Green Mom and Brittleby’s Corner hrough the Green Moms Network! This February we want to showcase all the great green and eco-friendly baby and kid gear available! After entering my giveaway, be sure to hop around and enter all of the other giveaways listed on the linky at the bottom of this post for your chance to win great eco-friendly baby and kid gear!Up for grabs today are my two most favorite baby products. First up is a set of Tie Dypes flat fold diapers. These are so simple and versatile to use, not to mention super easy to wash. And the tie dye makes them totally groovy.These diapers come in sets of three, each with different dye patterns."Made from 100% Birdseye cotton, these flat fold cloth diapers make a perfect addition to any diaper stash. Measuring approximately 24 x 27 inches after washing, these diapers will fit a wide variety of shapes and sizes, allowing you to get even more life from your diaper. The Birdseye cotton is extremely absorbent, weighing approximately 25% more than other flats on the market."Next on the list is the newest item to be added to the Drool Monkey line! This one is specifically designed to be used with any baby carrier. It's made of all natural wood and 100% US grown cotton so you can know it's safe for your little one to chew on.The loop allows you to place it on the strap of most baby carriers such as wraps, Ergos, mai tais and more. You can even put it on a carseat!Enter below for your chance to win one set of Tie Dypes in the color of your choice ($15 value) and a Babywearing Teething Toy in color of your choice ($14 value) After you've entered, click here to see what other giveaways are going on at Chaleur Life. Don't forget to enter all the other great giveaways in the giveaway hop! (scroll to the bottom of this post for the list)Disclosure: This contest will run through February 18, 2015 at 8:59 PM PST . The winner will be chosen the following day and notified via email. Winner will have 48 hours to reply or they will forfeit their prize. No purchase necessary. Open to legal US residents only. Must be 18 years or older to win. Prizes cannot be shipped to PO boxes. The number of eligible entries received determine the odds of winning. This giveaway is sponsored by Chaleur Life and is in no way affiliated or associated with Buttons Cloth Diapers. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to this blog and not to Facebook. Please note that Happy Mothering, Easy Green Mom, Brittleby's Corner, the Green Moms Network and the Naturally Healthy event bloggers are not responsible for sponsors that do not fulfill their prizes. We have represented each sponsor with the expectation they will fulfill their prize and in a timely manner. We will contact the sponsor regarding your prize(s). The sponsors, in most cases, are shipping their items to you directly. I will make every effort to assist you obtaining your prize. If there is an issue with a sponsor, please notify the blog you won a prize from within 4-6 weeks for assistance, after that we may be unable to assist you. Void where prohibited by law.