a. Purpose for the request type of investigation, etc.); b. Tax registry number of requesting member;c. Username (online alias);d. Identifiers and pedigree to be utilized for the online alias, such as email address, username and date of birth;e. Indicate whether there is a need to requisition a Departmentlaptop with aircard;f. A copy of the approved photograph and indication as to how photograph was obtained.Per the same operations order, the commanding officer is to issue an approval/disapproval within one day of the original request, and if approved, immediately forward approval to bureau chief/deputy commissioner concerned, throughchannels, for informational purposes. Commanding officers also are to file copies of requests in command.Per the same operations order, the bureau chief/deputy commissioner is to maintain a folder for each approved online alias, as well as designate an administrator for the online alias.I also request that, if appropriate, fees be waived as I believe this request is in the public interest. The requested documents will be made available to the general public free of charge as part of the public information service at MuckRock.com, processed by a representative of the news media/press and is made in the process of news gathering and not for commercial usage.In the event that fees cannot be waived, I would be grateful if you would inform me of the total charges in advance of fulfilling my request. I would prefer the request filled electronically, by e-mail attachment if available or CD-ROM if not.Thank you in advance for your anticipated cooperation in this matter. I look forward to receiving your response to this request within 5 business days, as the statute requires.I wanted to follow up on the following Freedom of Information request, copied below, and originally submitted on Feb. 4, 2015. Please let me know when I can expect to receive a response, or if further clarification is needed.EmbedI wanted to follow up on the following Freedom of Information request, copied below, and originally submitted on Feb. 4, 2015. Please let me know when I can expect to receive a response, or if further clarification is needed. You had assigned it reference number #2015-PL-1558.I wanted to follow up on the following Freedom of Information request, copied below, and originally submitted on Feb. 4, 2015. Please let me know when I can expect to receive a response, or if further clarification is needed. You had assigned it reference number #2015-PL-1558.