We received a necklace for review purposes. No other compensation was received. All thoughts and opinions are my own. Thank you Pearl Distributors for sponsoring today’s gorgeous giveaway!Sometimes it can be hard to find the perfect gift for that special lady in your life for Valentine’s Day or any special occasion whether it be an anniversary, a birthday, or even Christmas. I had the chance to review a beautiful cultured freshwater white pearl necklace from PearlDistributors.com and I fell in love with it. We sometimes tend to associate pearls with weddings but the reality of it is that you can wear pearls with many different outfits whether it be casual wear or an evening out.Pearl Distributors has a beautiful selection of high quality pearl jewelry. If you take a look around their website you won’t be disappointed. You’ll find every type of pearl you can possibly imagine; Akoya, Freshwater, Black Tahitian, South Sea, Hanadama, and Freshwater Orient. They carry a wide selection of earrings, pearl sets, pearl pendants on gold chains and everything comes in a variety of beautiful colors. Items are shipped to you in beautiful packaging so it’s ready for gift giving. Pearl jewelry also comes with appraisal documents so you can be sure of the quality of pearls you’re receiving, in addition to pearl care instructions so you know how to take care of them. It’s recommended by Pearl Distributors that you take your pearls into your local jeweler for an annual check-up.How to Buy it!You still have plenty of time to order your pearl jewelry for Valentine’s Day gifts! You’ll find that Pearl Distributors has the best prices on pearl jewelry. Visit PearlDistributors.com for your gift giving needs. Check out the Pearl Buying Guide for help and information you may need before ordering or visit their blog.Win it!Love my necklace shown in the pictures above? Pearl Distributors is being generous enough to offer one of my readers the chance to win a freshwater pearl necklace of their own! You’ll have your choice of filigree clasp in either white or yellow gold and your choice of pearl color.About MirandaMiranda is a mom of two, owner of The Bright Side of Reality mom blog, and social media lover. She's also a print designer and runs a fun new etsy shop called Miss Whimsy Printables. She's the creator of free printables here on The Bright Side, social media manager, writer, baker, photographer, and everything in between. She writes about motherhood, parenting, marriage, recipes, reviews, and fashion for the modern mom.Thank you for visiting The Bright Side of Reality Mom Blog! While you're here check out our delicious recipes and free printables. Connect with me on twitter, pinterest, & facebook! Read More About Me...Subscribe to our Weekly NewsletterEmail *Cherry Cheesecake Krispie Bars RecipeWho knew that rice krispie treats could get even better? Check out our cherry cheesecake krispie bars recipe.