The polish of a blazer, the flexibility of a knit There’s no denying the power of a blazer, but sometimes they can feel a tad stiff. If they could all be as flexible as this piqué blazer, we’d wear a jacket all the time – with jeans or a skirt or chinos or even a dress. Great details like pockets at the waist seam and working sleeve vents only add to the fun. Features: Structured knit piqué has a hint of stretch. Timeless one-button styling. Two welt pockets at the waist, one single-welt chest pocket. Sleeve vents have working buttons. Back vent adds ease. Lined through the shoulders and sleeves. Falls to low hip. 70% cotton/26% nylon/4% spandex. Undercollar, 50% viscose/50% wool. Dry clean. Imported.Crafted from structured black crepe, Miu Miu's mini-length skirt is designed with cascading ruffles that beautifully hold their shape. Lined for a smooth finish, wear this chic, Italian-made design from desk to dinner with a white blouse and loafers.Find the perfect carrying companion with this slim clutch from Louis Vuitton! This brown monogram clutch comes in a coated canvas and is trimmed with tan vachetta leather. Designed with the styling of Sofia Coppola, this clutch offers a functional and fashionable addition to your everyday collection. It secures in the front with a flap style and a squeeze-to-open clasp. The interior contains a suede back pocket as the front compartment contains multiple slots for cards. It offers an organized space for your on-the-go necessities so you can remain poised and ready for whatever comes your way! 100% Authentic - This item has been authenticated by Authenticate First Material: Coated Canvas Hardware: Gold-tone Origin: Italy Measurements: 10.25" x 5.75" x 0.75" Date Code: RC4099 Exterior Condition: Pre-owned in very good condition - minor wear on trim Interior Condition: Pre-owned in excellent condition Includes: Dust Bag, Mirror Authenticity paperwork is available upon request 0-9172 cc 9.8.14.This rich shade of red will add eye catching flair to all your day to night looks. Contrast the colour of these suede spike heeled pumps with indigo denim or black leather trousers. Heel measures 120mm/4.7 inches.