Post navigationSnowbound Print Book PartyThe northeastern United States is buried in snow. School’s canceled and more snow’s on the way! Looks like they’ll be reading by candlelight, and only Amazon drones will be making deliveries. No worries, New Englanders, here are some great paper books for you – at bargain prices! Check out all the great reads at the Indies Unlimited Print Book Party.Want to help readers discover some fine indie writing at reasonable prices? Here’s the deal:If you have a print book available from a major online retailer at $15 or less, follow the instructions below and post your link. If you see one you like, click over and buy it. This feature is onlyfor print editions priced at fifteen dollars and under.When possible, we replace some of the links with clickable book cover images. Do not attempt to insert an image in comments on your own. Just put the following information in the comment section:1. Book title and price 2. Author name 3. A short one sentencebook description (140 characters ONLY please)4. One AMAZON link to purchase the book.Then let your friends and fans know your book is available here today. Use the share buttons below, or copy the link in the address bar above and share the news on your favorite social media platforms. The more, the merrier, right? So let’s give it a try, shall we? Please make sure to follow the RULES above. Now, go ahead and tell the world about your cheap read.IU is a safe-for-work site. PLEASE do not post links to erotica, religious, or political books. That’s what the rest of the internet is for.[Note: if the book cover images below do not display properly, please check your AdBlock settings.]45 thoughts on “Snowbound Print Book Party”Zaremba, or Love and the Rule of Law, $13.47-$13.75 Michelle Granas Cordelia is disabled and painfully shy but is forced to take action when a stranger needs her help—an Amazon bestseller set in Poland.Can You Hear the Music? $13.46 Author Sandra Farris Can You Hear the Music follows the 1920’s journey, both perilous and heartwarming, of nine year-old runaway, Corey James and Andy Curruthers, an old hobo, as they ride the rails together.Chasing The Chalice: A Collection of Verses by Laura Charlotte Berlin $ 9.52 ****Get ready for Valentine’s Day**** Playful and magical love poetry with Arthurian sensibility to letters of the alphabet.‘South of Burnt Rocks West of the Moon’ $12.00 by G J Berger (Author) “A fascinating mostly true story of the real Hunger Games–courageous people led by a young She-warrior holding off the mighty and brutal oppressor, Rome” and the novel won the San Diego historical fiction Book Award 2012.”Beyond the Hidden Sky – Star Trails Tetralogy Volume I by Marcha Fox $13.95 USD On primitive worlds terralogists name their own price. Refusing a job for ethical reasons has an even higher price. Classic hard sci-fi.A Dark of Endless Days – Star Trails Tetralogy Volume II by Marcha Fox $12.56 USD Serious and potentially lethal complications follow the Brightstars with family members scattered across the galaxy. Classic hard sci-fi.Refractions of Frozen Time – Star Trails Tetralogy Volume IV by Marcha Fox $14.95 USD Will a discovery that links two dimensions of time reunite the Brighstars at last or keep them apart forever? Classic hard sci-fi.Burning Through $9.99 by Melissa Bowersock A woman discovers her house is haunted by a fire-setting ghost and races to solve the mystery of the fires before they consume her home, her marriage … and her life.Back From Chaos: Book One of Earth’s Pendulum: $10.98 By: Yvonne Hertzberger Klast, assassin, spy, unlikeliest hero, damaged by his past, must rescue a maid, unmask a traitor, unaware of his ultimate destiny.Through Kestrel’s Eyes: Book Two of Earth’s Pendulum: $10.79 By: Yvonne Hertzberger Seer Liannis faces tests, losses and the lure of forbidden romance in her quest to bring her world back into peace and balance.The Dreamt Child: Book Three of Earth’s Pendulum: $12.14 By: Yvonne Hertzberger Liannis, Merrist are called to accept sweeping changes destined by the goddess. They face treachery, resistance before their child is born.With Angel’s Wings $9.95 by Stephanie Collins Laura’s world spins as pediatricians throw words at her like heart failure, seizures, and g-tube feeds…when all she wants is to hold her baby tightly and be the mom she’d always dreamed of being.I would love to join this party. THE DEAD GAME by Susanne Leist $14.95 In the coastal town of Oasis, where the weather is warm and beautiful, lies an undercurrent of evil ready to ensnare its innocent residents. Linda and her friends must uncover the evil one.