The film revolves around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess. Yūichi Nakamurajoined the cast as Golden Ryan, Barnaby Brooks Jr.'s new partner in the film. Character designer Masakazu Katsura (Zetman, Video Girl Ai, DNA²) also made his voice-acting debut in a cameo for the new movie.The Spring 2015 Anime Preview Guide has begun! Check back daily for first impressions of this season's new shows.Available Now: Food Wars! - Is It Wrong to Try And Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?― Welcome to Anime News Network's Spring 2015 Preview Guide! Here's how it goes: our team of critics write up their impressions instantly and they get posted as they go along. Each critic will cover as many s...This week, why anime isn't on TV, whether anime's piracy problem ever went away, what Ikuhara did on the Utena dub, and why there are so many eye-rolling gay comic relief characters.― Thanks to everyone who sent in a question last week! I'm now buried in 'em, but if you think of more, by all means, keep 'em coming! Michael asks: I was recently listening to the first ever Supernerds ANNCast, which d...Kill la Kill hits a few speedbumps on the way to its apocalyptic ending in this penultimate volume.― The high-flying cartoon antics of Kill La Kill reached their zenith in the show's Raid Trip episodes, which means it's time for that missile's nose to curve back down as it comes crashing to earth for an explosive nine-episode final act. While the series tries to maintain its good-natured glee, it's ...When his wife and child are killed in a ninja turf war Kenji Fujikido takes on the mantle of the Ninja Slayer to seek vengeance!― Ninja Slayer From Animation Visit the Official Site › Story Characters Trailer Cast & Staff Gallery Streaming Starts April 16, 2015 at 23:00 (JST) Key Staff Series Director: Akira Amemiya (Inferno Cop (ONA)) Theme Song Performance (OP): Boom Boom Satellites (Xam'd Lost M...The latest entry in Idea Factory's consoles-turned-moe-girls series takes the form of a PS Vita strategy game. Heidi Kemps puts it through the paces.― My experience with the Neptunia franchise hasn't been the greatest: I played the first and second games in their original releases on the PS3 and would choose to describe them as “aggressively mediocre.” Even as someone who nerds out over all manner o...Shaenon dives into the world of MBQ, a hyperactive dream of manga stardom from the now-legendary Felipe Smith.― Recently, manga scholar Matt Thorn ruffled some otaku feathers with a blog post entitled “Why it bugs me that you call your comics ‘manga’.” Although I admire Thorn above all other manga nerds, and as much as white kids appropriating Japanese culture bug me, too (albeit in a personally cr...Dave Riley eagerly gnaws on From Software's latest grim and visceral action RPG for the PS4, but does it live up to the legacy established by the Dark Souls series?― Some hours into Bloodborne you'll find your first shield, a rotten wooden board, whose item description comments on its poor construction and immediately insults you for considering using it. "Shields are nice, but not if they engender ...This week, imports appear for Yakuza, Digimon, and that Assassination Classroom thing! Plus Final Fantasy XV, Gurumin, and the chance to make your own visual novels!― This week's X Button falls on April Fool's Day, but I resolve not to spring any unpleasant lies upon you. In fact, I don't think any jokes this year will surpass one of the more compelling hoaxes in a long time: Super Turbo Atomic Meg...It's time to fly back an entire decade to the anime theme songs of yesteryear! What were the coolest openings of 2004?― George Bush Jr. was re-elected, World of Warcraft was launched, but most importantly, a little show called Beet the Vandel Buster stole the hearts of otaku everywhere. The year was 2004, and I'm sure I remember it perfectly. Wait, maybe Beet wasn't the big anime hit of that year. ...An otaku gets more than he bargained for while applying for his dream job in this 2013 comedy; Theron Martin investigates.― Clever, witty writing and thoughtful execution can turn even a silly concept into something good, and that is exactly what happens with this 12 episode series from the Fall 2013 season. In fact, it turns out so much better than originally expected that its streaming run was my ...