Not sure how much data you need?Smartphones on AT&T Next or No Annual Contract(purchase at full price, bring your own, or on a month-to-month contract)$25/mo.$15/mo.Smartphones on 2-year Contract**$40/mo.$40/mo.All Basic & Messaging Phones$20/mo.$15/mo.**For plans 10GB or higher, AT&T customers with smartphones on 2-year wireless contracts prior to February 2, 2014, are eligible for the $15 per month access charge. For plans 2GB to 6GB, AT&T customers with smartphones on 2-year wireless contracts prior to March 9, 2014, are eligible for the $25 per month access charge. Upgrade: If upgrading to a smartphone on a 2-year wireless contract, you will lose the discounted access charge for that line. To receive this discount, upgrade with AT&T Next or pay the full purchase price. Data Increases: If you are currently on a 2GB to 6GB plan and getting the discounted access charge for a smartphone line on a 2-year wireless contract, if you increase your data to a 10GB or higher plan, you may lose your discount.Add more devicesFeaturesMonthly Access ChargeTablets, connected devices & gaming devicesShared data$10/mo.Connected wearables5Unlimited Talk & Text + Shared data$10/mo.Laptops, netbooks & hotspot devicesShared data$20/mo.AT&T Wireless Home Phone6Unlimited Nationwide Calling$20/mo.AT&T Wireless Home Phone & Internet6(Only on 10GB plans or higher.)Unlimited Nationwide Calling + Shared data$30/mo.Plan pricing examplesPlease note that these Mobile Share Value plans do not include device costs.Mobile Share Value: Prices include a monthly plan charge and per-device monthly access charge. Devices: Sold separately. AT&T NextSM installment charges or other device purchase costs are extra. Discounted Access Charge: Access charges for smartphone lines on No Annual Service Contracts (AT&T Next, bring your own, pay full price, or month-to-month) are discounted up to $25 per month when compared to smartphone lines on new 2-year contracts. The discount will be $25 per smartphone line on plans 10GB and higher, and $15 for plans less than 10GB. For plans 10GB or higher, customers with smartphones on 2-year contracts prior to February 2, 2014, also are eligible for the $15 per month discounted access charge. For plans 2GB to 6GB, customers with smartphones on 2-year contracts prior to March 9, 2014, also are eligible for the $25 per month discounted access charge. This discount is available as long as you keep your phone. Upgrade: If upgrading to a new smartphone, the discounted access charge is only available via AT&T Next, when you bring your own smartphone, or if you buy a new smartphone at full price. If you upgrade to a new 2-year contract, the discount is lost for that line. Data: If you exceed the amount of data in your plan (including available Rollover DataSM) during your billing period, an additional 300MB, 500MB, or 1GB is automatically provided as specified in your rate plan. Unless otherwise specified, data allowances, including overages and Rollover Data, must be used in the billing period provided or they will be forfeited. Tethering and mobile hotspot use is allowed for up to 5 simultaneous devices. Rollover Data: Mobile Share Value plans only. Unused data from your monthly plan allowance rounds up to the nearest MB and carries over for one billing period. Unused Rollover Data automatically expires after one billing period or with any plan change (such as changing data amounts or termination). Unused overage data does not roll over. Rollover Data is always consumed last, after your other data allowances. Device Limits: 10 per plan for consumers and Individual Responsibility Users (IRUs). Limit 4 financed devices per wireless account may apply. General Wireless Service Terms: Subject to Wireless Customer Agreement. Activation or upgrade fee (up to $40) per line and deposit may apply. Credit approval may be required. Other Monthly Charges: Apply per line and may include taxes, federal and state universal service charges, a Regulatory Cost Recovery Charge (up to $1.25), a gross receipts surcharge, an Administrative Fee, and other government assessments which are not government-required charges. Monthly access charge per device may not be eligible for discounts. Pricing, options, and terms subject to change and may be modified, terminated, or discontinued at any time without notice. Coverage and service not available everywhere. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination.1 Up to $25 savings: Compares a Mobile Share Value® plan discounted access charge for a smartphone line on a No Annual Service Contract option (AT&T NextSM, bring your own, pay full price, or month-to-month) to one on a 2-year contract. Savings will be $25 per smartphone line on plans 10GB and higher, and $15 for plans less than 10GB. Customers with smartphones on 2-year contracts (i) prior to February 2, 2014, on a 10GB or higher plan, or (ii) prior to March 9, 2014, for 2GB to 6GB plans, are also eligible for this savings. Loss of Discount with Upgrade: If upgrading to a smartphone on a 2-year wireless contract, you will also lose the discount for that line. To receive the discounted charge in these scenarios, upgrade with AT&T Next or pay the full purchase price for your new smartphone. Loss of Discount with Plan Change: If you are currently on a 2GB to 6GB plan and are receiving the discounted access charge for a smartphone line on a 2-year wireless contract started between February 2 and March 9, 2014, and you increase your data to a 10GB or higher plan, you will lose the discount. Pricing, savings, terms, and restrictions are subject to change and may be modified, discontinued, or terminated at any time without notice.2 Unlimited Talk & Text: For phones only. Includes unlimited domestic calls and messaging. Unlimited International Messaging: Includes unlimited messaging from the U.S., Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands to more than 190 countries for text messages and 120 countries for picture and video messages. Messaging capabilities vary by country. AT&T may add, change, and remove included countries at its discretion without notice. Visit att.com/text2worldfor details. Messaging: Messaging applies only to the AT&T Short Messaging Service (SMS) and Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS) and not to any other messaging services or applications. Messages are for direct communication between phones and must originate from your phone. Messages sent to tablets, laptops, or other connected devices are excluded. Messages sent through applications may incur data charges. Service may be terminated or restricted for tethered messaging or misuse.3 Rollover Data: Only available with Mobile Share Value plans. Unused data from the monthly plan allowance rounds up to the nearest MB and carries over for one billing period. Unused Rollover Data automatically expires after one billing period or with any plan change (such as changing data amounts or termination). Unused overage data does not roll over. Rollover Data is always consumed last, after your other data allowances. Unused Rollover Data is not redeemable for cash or credit and is not transferable including to other Mobile Share Value groups on your account. Mobile Share and Mobile Share Data-only plans are excluded. Visit att.com/rolloverdatafor more information.4 AT&T Locker: Requires compatible smartphone, tablet, or computer with Internet access. Data rates may apply for download and usage. Service intended for U.S.-based customers only. 50GB: Any AT&T customer may sign up for 50GB of storage. Maximum of 50GB is available per eligible AT&T customer. Storage amounts, terms, and restrictions subject to change and may be modified, discontinued, or terminated at any time without notice. For more service details visit att.com/Locker.5 Wearables: A wireless phone designed to be worn that is capable of making and receiving calls without being connected to another wireless device. For a list of devices that qualify, visit att.com/wearableslist.6 Wireless Home Phone (“WHP”): is a wireless voice service (CMRS: commercial mobile radio service) and includes nationwide calling. Wireless Home Phone and Internet (“WHPI”): is a CMRS and mobile broadband Internet access service that includes nationwide calling and shared data. Plan 10GB or higher required. WHP and WHPI General: Messaging excluded. For emergency calls, provide location to 911 operator. Devices have a backup battery but landline equipment with separate power will not place or receive calls (including 911) during an outage. Not compatible with landline-dependent services like medical alert monitoring systems. Other compatibility limitations apply. For WHP details, visit att.com/getwirelesshomephoneand att.com/getwirelesshome.