Interview: Jhene Aiko On Pepsi’s ‘Out Of The Blue’ Campaign And Her Grammy NominationFeaturesThis month Pepsi launched a new interactive campaign, Out Of The Blue, that will give music fans exclusive access, digital content, and opportunities to attend concerts. Every day through May 18, one lucky winner will be chosen to receive a flyaway trip for them and three guests to an upcoming major music event with experiences ranging from backstage passes, premier seats at a show, artist meet and greets, access to rehearsals and sound checks, and more.Fans become eligible for a chance to win by following @Pepsi on Twitter, snapping a photo of any Pepsi™ beverage product and posting it to Twitter with #OutoftheBlue. Additionally, Pepsi will release exclusive behind the scenes videos capturing “Out of the Blue” moments from artists and music events.VIBE spoke to official “Out of the Blue” correspondent Jhene Aiko to get the details on her involvement in the campaign, her 2015 Grammy nomination and more.Read on below.VIBE: Tell us about Pepsi’s new Out Of The Blue campaign that you’re involved in.Jhene: The campaign is something that Pepsi is doing to involve the fans to kind of give them a deeper look into music. There’s also awesome opportunities to give them backstage access, better seats, and just sort of like random out of the blue experiences. So, it’s sort of like a contest, but it puts fans closer to myself and other artists they love.Who else is in involved that you’re excited about? Well, I did some stuff with Fall Out Boy yesterday, and they had a great vibe. We got to talk about our experiences that we have had with fans and our careers so far. But I wish I got to be in the studio with them.That could’ve been crazy. Yeah, I think it would be…. “Out of the Blue.” [Laughs]I know this isn’t your first time working with Pepsi. Yeah, we have a great relationship. It was actually a commercial that aired during The Grammy’s, and it tied in the Super Bowl half-time show but it was just a little cameo in that.Speaking of The Grammys, you’re nominated this year. Where were you when you first heard the news? I was literally on tour, and when they called I was super tired in my hotel room, sort of sleep. And, they’re like ‘you’re got a Grammy nomination! Wake up! “Oh you’re killing this nomination! Then they’re like you’re nominated for ‘ Best Urban Contemporary Album!?I really want to know what that category title means. I guess it means, for me, to put it in context — I couldn’t be put in a box. It couldn’t just be called R&B, you know what I mean. I was asked this before and the person that was interviewing me was hinting towards… they thought it was about ‘being Black’ [Laughs]. But I don’t know, I’m just, you know, cool with being whatever I am I guess [Laughs].You’re up against some veterans like Pharrell and Beyonce. Yeah, I think that’s it’s a new category, obviously, so yeah we’ll see. I’m just thankful that they considered me — knowing the whole process. I think it’s cool they even included me.If you do win, where’s the first place you’re going to go or who’s the first person you’re going to call? Oh gosh. Oh, no. Um. You know, I have a large family so if I could I would want to bring everyone with me but hopefully… If my daughter’s not there with me I’ll call her. If she can’t be there, I’ll call her and my dad.What are you going to do to celebrate though? Are you going to a crazy party or you’re just going to keep it regular, and go eat at Roscoe’s or something like that?[Laughs] You know food is probably going to the first thing on my mind because the show is long. I’m going to be sitting for three hours, you know, whether I win or lose I’m going to be hungry so, food, that’s definitely what I’m going to do to celebrate at the end of the show [Laughs]‘Amen. But how how important are the awards to you personally? I know there are some artists who could care less about a Grammy. I think that I used to be one of those people that used to say ‘I don’t care about awards. I don’t feel like it makes or breaks who I am as an artist or what I’m capable of ’cause I know that I’m still growing as an artist. To me awards don’t validate my talent but what it does is make it cool to be like ‘Oh, I have a Grammy, I have an AMA or I have a ‘this or that’.; And I for one, personally, I’ve never been a competitive person. I never played sports growing up or anything like that so I don’t have any trophies.Hopefully you get to bring this one home! Yeah I mean it would be super cool. If I don’t get it, it will make me want to work harder to be recognized. But either way I can take something from the whole experience. I mean the whole night is an experience, just to be there and around a bunch of superstars, new and legendary. Just to take everything in.Ludacris has been making some moves to put him back on the map. ALSO: Digital Cover: The Fast Cast Of 'Furious 7' Speeds Back Furious 7 is only part of his life right now as he uses Ludaversal (March 31) to get back into the music business. Just like his previous albums, he…