"Our forefathers came to certain conclusions... which have been a great blessing to the world. Before we can understand their conclusions, we must go back and review the course which they followed. We must think the thoughts which they thought." — President Calvin CoolidgeThat is the vision for RestoringHistory.US: to help the next generation of Americans study the course of history and become effective defenders of the political, economic, and religious principles that led to freedom.The mission of RestoringHistory.US is to link educational resources to chapters in popular history textbooks, helping families to easily locate materials that:counteract the liberal/progressive bias found in many textbooks, andmake the study of history... NOT boring!The path leading from tyranny to libertyThe founders did not invent our form of government in a vacuum. They were students of Greek and Roman history and of political thinkers such as Aristotle, Polybius, and Cicero. They studied the writings of their contemporaries who advanced principles of republican government, free market economics, and Natural Law: Montesquieu, Adam Smith, and John Locke, among others. They were also students of the Bible. Although they were not all "orthodox" Christians, they proclaimed the absolute necessity of public virtue, morality, or, as David Brog calls it, the "disinterested benevolence" of the Judeo-Christian tradition, in order to secure liberty in a republican government.Saul Alinsky (whose community-organizing book Rules for Radicals contains an acknowledgment "to the very first radical" — Lucifer)For Homeschool FamiliesThis site is geared toward homeschool families – especially those following the classical education pattern, where history is the "spine" of the curriculum. As you move through your history textbooks, RestoringHistory.US will make it easier to find some of the best resources that will supplement topics that your family is studying. Our goal is to find the best books, historical dramas, and other resources corresponding to chapters in your history spine. We also plan to have original articles on important topics that you may want to emphasize with your children.For Other StudentsIn a future upgrade, we will be adding a search feature, so you can search for topics and resources, even if you are not using one of the popular homeschool history textbooks.How you can helpRestoringHistory.US is just getting started! There is a lot of work to do to make it successful — far more than I can do by myself, in my "spare" time. Here are some ways that you can be part of helping it grow. — Steve Johnston, FounderUse the search box below, or click on any one of the Amazon links on this site (including Kindle and Instant Video links) before you begin shopping, and RestoringHistory.US will earn a commission on anything that you buy — not just items that are advertised on our site.