Recommendations for Testing, Managing, and Treating Hepatitis CCollaborating PartnerThis website is constantly being updated. Please remember to always refresh your page.Background of the Hepatitis C GuidanceNew direct-acting oral agents capable of curing hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection have been approved for use in the United States. The initial direct-acting agents were approved in 2011, and many more oral drugs are expected to be approved in the next few years. As new information is presented at scientific conferences and published in peer-reviewed journals, health care practitioners have expressed a need for a credible source of unbiased guidance on how best to treat their patients with HCV infection. To provide healthcare professionals with timely guidance, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) in collaboration with the International Antiviral Society–USA (IAS–USA) have developed a web-based process for the rapid formulation and dissemination of evidence-based, expert-developed recommendations for hepatitis C management.New sections will be added, and the recommendations will be updated on a regular basis as new information becomes available. An ongoing summary of "recent changes" will also be available for readers who want to be directed to updates and changes.About Hepatitis CAn estimated 3 million to 4 million persons in the United States are chronically infected with HCV, and approximately half are unaware of their status. These individuals may ultimately progress to advanced liver disease and/or hepatocellular cancer. However, those outcomes can be prevented by treatment, which is rapidly improving and offers the potential of a cure to more patients than has been previously possible.NOTICE: Guidance for hepatitis C treatment in adults is changing constantly with the advent of new therapies and other developments. A static version of this guidance, such as printouts of this website material, booklets, slides, and other materials, may be outdated by the time you read this. We urge you to review this guidance on this website (www.hcvguidelines.org) for the latest recommendations.How to Cite and PermissionsFundingThe Guidance is supported and independently funded by AASLD and IDSA, and developed in collaboration with IAS-USA. CDC provided financial support to gather and review evidence related to hepatitis C screening and testing. No industry support was used for the development of this Guidance. Read more >>