Working with Legacy code?I used to work with a company who bought other with legacy code and develop software using traditional approach (it means waterfall).After readingI recommended to the manager of IT department to read the chapter 18.Reducing the Test Automation BacklogMany companies with existing legacy code bases bump into a huge impediment when they want to get Agile: lack of test automation!Without test automation, making changes in the system is very hard, because things break without anybody noticing. When the new release goes live, the real user discover the defects, causing embarrassment and expensive hotfix-or even worse, a chain of hotfixes, because each hotfix introduces new, unanticipated defects.This makes the team terribly afraid to change code and therefore reluctant to improve the design of the code, which leads to a downward spiral of worse and worse code as the system grows.The good news is that you can do something about it!What to do About it?Your main options in this case are as follows:Ignore the problem. Let the system decline into entropy death, and hope that nobody needs it by then.Rebuild the system from scratch using test-driven development to ensure good test coverage.Start a separate test automation project where a dedicated team improves the test coverage for the system until it’s adequate.Let the team improve test coverage a little bit each iteration.According to the author´s experience the last one works better. However, I suggested to follow the second approach. Why? Well, if you have to work with some legacy code develop in an old platform such as Visual Fox you should have to take another huge impediment into account: the lack of developers that can deal with this old platform.Legacy code is a real problem but we have to think that every code has to die eventually!!!Mario is an Agile Coach and Scrum Trainer based in Santiago (Chile), who helps organizations deliver high quality software with predictability and happiness. He offers coaching and consulting as well as both public and private classes.Mario used to work as Software Quality Assurance Lead with extensive experience in work team leadership, continuous integration architecture and automation tools developing high level solutions for companies from Technology, Billing and Financial areas.I am all about helping companies to adopt agile as methodology in Chile. I have been into Agile/Scrum coaching since 2011, played the role of Scrum Master for over 2 yrs, while practicing it over 3 years. My work involved collaboration among cross-functional teams of product management, engineering, usability and QA/testing. Read moreReading this book (#Workout: Games, Tools & Practices to Engage People, Improve Work, and Delight Clients (Management 3.0) I have got a good feeling about the Management. Why? Because after working and coaching many companies that uses command and control approach I found a tool (several indeed) that every… […]During the Sprint Planning the Product Owner set up the Sprint Goal and the Scrum team estimate how many user stories are able to deal with. At the end of the Sprint the things could be as the team members thought so Sprint finishes without every user story done.… […]If you read books related to Kanban (Kanban by David Anderson or Personal Kanban by Jim Benson and Tonianne De Mary Barry) there is no mention about the role of Product Owner. However, what if supposed to do if you have a… […]Companies (and people as well) prefer to listen good news and avoid to think on issues. Well, IT departments have the same behavior against bugs. They don’t pay attention to them until they become a real trouble. Why did happen? Most managers are focusing on delivering new… […]How do you introduce (or start following) Scrum? The best approach would be to hire a training course for every stakeholder. It means, I consider that every manager has to know what is Agile before adopting Scrum. Then the company has to hire an Scrum Master and Product Owner (or train one… […]Promoting great Agile or Lean blog as this time it is one of the things I would like to do. Why? Because I think help people is awesome and I feel better every time that I did good stuff like that. Eric Ries, the author of *The Lean Startup*, is launching a new crowdfunded book… […]I used to work as Consultant to help people to adopt Agile and every time that I have to send my rates to the clients I wondered Did they understand what is my service? If you offer an Scrum course of two days that… […]From this moment, there are many companies that are hiring Agile Coach and many of them prefer they work as permanent. Why? Because it is cheaper to have one working internally than a couple of Agile Consultant that most of the them charge their rate per hour. However, it… […]The Connected Company written by David Gray David Gray explains why companies has to change. From the book “Customers are adopting disruptive technologies faster than companies can adapt” Nowadays, if one customer feels dissatisfied with one service he can use social media to show to several thousands people in one minute. If you make customers… […]There are many people who think that Agile is not for everyone or Agile does not fit in every company. In my opinion, I believe that any methodology can be imposed by the company to their employees (considering managers as well). I used… […]