Thanks for watching the free preview!Purchase a Live, Golden, or VIP ticket to continue.Into The WildGet Access!Into The WildSeason PassEnjoy the convenience of total access to the entire season and save $17.84 from buying each episode individually. And don't worry if you miss an episode you will have it available for download or to watch right in your VyRT Vault - for a special discounted price. First episode available November 30!This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild event. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe. Includes a green badge of honor within your chat sessions.VIP Season PassIn addition to a stream AND download of each ten to fifteen minute episode this package also features WEEKLY BONUS FOOTAGE avail ONLY to the Super Vip Season Pass holder. Ranging from never before seen acoustic performances to fun, funny, and fascinating behind the scenes footage of the band, this is not to be missed. Room where you can join MARS in real-time, PLUS a Purple Star within your chat sessions. First episode available November 30!The ultimate online VIP experience. Get access to the Live Performance PLUS a super exclusive intimate session viewable only to the VIP! Tickets are limited and VIP content cannot be seen anywhere. Includes access to the coveted VIP room where you can join your artist in real-time! A purple star within your chat sessions.Single Pass$3.99 EachInto The WildSun Apr 5 at 7:00PM UTCJoin Thirty Seconds To Mars as they revisit the INTO THE WILD Tour in support of their album "This Is War", featuring a variety of topics including behind the scenes, exclusive Interviews, and live show performances.Episodes premiering every week (17+ episodes, 10-15 mins each)Season Pass and Individual Tickets include Live Premiere and Streaming within VaultExclusive bonus content available for VIP ticket-holdersParticipate with Thirty Seconds to Mars in chat real-time as they join in watching Into the WildWatch on-demand or with friends in Social Theatre mode (new on VyRT!)Choose Your ExperienceSeason PassEnjoy the convenience of total access to the entire season and save $17.84 from buying each episode individually. And don't worry if you miss an episode you will have it available for download or to watch right in your VyRT Vault - for a special discounted price. First episode available November 30!This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild event. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe. Includes a green badge of honor within your chat sessions.VIP Season PassIn addition to a stream AND download of each ten to fifteen minute episode this package also features WEEKLY BONUS FOOTAGE avail ONLY to the Super Vip Season Pass holder. Ranging from never before seen acoustic performances to fun, funny, and fascinating behind the scenes footage of the band, this is not to be missed. Room where you can join MARS in real-time, PLUS a Purple Star within your chat sessions. First episode available November 30!The ultimate online VIP experience. Get access to the Live Performance PLUS a super exclusive intimate session viewable only to the VIP! Tickets are limited and VIP content cannot be seen anywhere. Includes access to the coveted VIP room where you can join your artist in real-time! A purple star within your chat sessions.Single Pass - Episode 1This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 2This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 3This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 4This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 5This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 6This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 7This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 8This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 9This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 10This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 11This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 12This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 13This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 14This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 15This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Single Pass - Episode 16This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Coming SoonSingle Pass - Episode 17This ticket includes an HD stream of the Into The Wild - Episode 1. Join in on the unique, intimate, live event as it happens, wherever you are across the globe.Coming SoonNew to VyRT? Welcome!VyRT is an application created to assist artists in sharing their work with the world on a global scale, bringing audiences in for a unique experience no matter where they are. Broadcasts include musicians, artists, films, and more — And we’re just getting started.Here are some notes to help you get acquainted with the VyRT application:After logging in, take a moment to click around the site and get acquainted with the pages. We currently have the main page, Live, and Vault, as well as a number of personal pages that can be accessed for their applicable necessities.Chats and Live Events all take place on the LIVE page. Whether or not there is a live event, you can still chat with others within the interests chats of your choice.VAULT features all available events for purchase -- Additionally, you can access all purchased downloads on this page as well. Downloads are also available for streaming, which you will see upon clicking on a purchased VyRT item.For Live Events: If you have purchased a digital ticket or download for any event, please log on at the designated time and date of the broadcast. Simple as that.For Downloads: All digital goods come with streaming as well as download allowance. Simply visit anything in your Vault to access.Additional page features include your Profile, Credit Cards, and Orders, all accessible on the top right corner of the page upon log in.Go to "My Orders" and click on the "Gift To" button beside the order you wish to gift. Enter the recipients email address in the field and click "Gift". It is suggested the recipient signs up for a free VyRT account before being gifted.Above your IM conversation you will see your friends name with a badge letting you know how many unread messages you have. If you click on your friends name this will reveal a dropdown showing all your current IM conversations. Clicking on your friends picture lets you resume the conversation.CLOSER TO THE EDGE WRISTBANDMASKED MAN CUTOFFThirty Seconds To Mars white Masked Man unisex t-shirt was a hit! So we brought it back with a cutoff version! Featuring the same details as the t-shirt, masked man on the front with the arrow on back.BIG WAR TOUR LADIES CUT T-SHIRTHURRICANE HORNED MAN T-SHIRTTHIRTY SECONDS TO MARS YEARBOOK VOL. #3Documenting the THIS IS WAR Era of Thirty Seconds To Mars, YEARBOOK VOLUME 3 features photos of both the Band and ECHELON (in traditional "yearbook style"), as well as Music Videos, Tour Photos, and much more. The photos are collected from the fans with contributions from each of the band members.ORBIS MARS BASEBALL TEEDon't miss out on Thirty Seconds To Mars new Orbis Baseball Tee. The tee features a silhouette of the band is found in the center of the triad! ! This lightweight baseball tee can be paired with your favorite jeans or shorts this summer!WAR PULLOVER HOODIEBELFAST, NORTHERN IRELAND LIVE POSTERGet your limited edition (only 300 available!) Thirty Seconds To Mars live poster from Trinoma Mall. Printed on 100# cover stock with an Aqueous gloss coating. Poster measures 36" x 15 ¼". Were you at the show? See if you can find yourself in the photo!TRIAD NECKLACEThis Thirty Seconds To Mars necklace comes on knotted silk royal blue cord (approximately 32") and features a pewter plated triad symbol measuring 1". Show your love for Thirty Seconds To Mars with this signature symbol around your neck!HAMBURG, GERMANY LIVE POSTERGet your limited edition (only 300 available!) Thirty Seconds To Mars live poster from Trinoma Mall. Printed on 100# cover stock with an Aqueous gloss coating. Poster measures 36" x 15 ¼". Were you at the show? See if you can find yourself in the photo!THIS IS WAR LOGO T-SHIRTST. PETERSBURG, RUSSIA LIVE POSTERGet your limited edition (only 300 available!) Thirty Seconds To Mars live poster from Trinoma Mall. Printed on 100# cover stock with an Aqueous gloss coating. Poster measures 36" x 15 ¼". Were you at the show? See if you can find yourself in the photo!YES THIS IS A CULT BLUE WRISTBANDMINIATURE INTO THE WILD TRIADNow you can have your own Miniature Wooden TRIAD, inspired by Rebecca Tullett, which is featured during the INTO THE WILD series. The triad was first introduced to echelon family during the This Is War Tour 2009 & is found on stage during each and every Thirty Seconds To Mars Show today.HURRICANE FEATHER GIRL T-SHIRTSILVER ORBIS EPSILON NECKLACEIntroducing the first Silver Orbis Epsilon Necklace! This silver plated Orbis Epsilon pendant measures 1" in diameter and comes on silver plated 24" ball chain. This is a must-have item for all Echelon!TEAL NEON SKULL T-SHIRTI HEART 30STM LIGHTWEIGHT SWEATERShow off your love for Thirty Seconds To Mars in this exclusive new top from Mars Store. The perfect lightweight sweater fits with an amazing off the shoulder terry cloth material. Vintage print details on the front chest; don't miss the triad detail on the heart! This top looks great with your favorite fitted pants, or even with shorts all season long.PARIS, FRANCE LIVE POSTER (NIGHT ONE)Get your limited edition Thirty Seconds To Mars live poster from night one at the Zenith. Printed on 100# cover stock with an Aqueous gloss coating. Poster measures 25"x8.5". Were you at the show? See if you can find yourself in the photo!GLOW IN THE DARK TEEBlack unisex t-shirt with a large light blue triad and THIRTY SECONDS TO MARS written below in large print. This is no ordinary shirt though... the triad and and band name glow in the dark! The perfect shirt to be wearing at a Thirty Seconds to Mars show!