Helping You Better Understand Facebook Marketing With These Simple To Follow TipsA new Facebook marketing campaign is one of the best ways to help promote your business. If your business takes off on social media, you will get a huge surge of customers. Keep reading to learn some very helpful tips.Try a giveaway as a way to boost your Facebook marketing. Encourage your visitors to join your page in order to be eligible for some free products. Make an announcement of who the latest winner is, and whenever you want to bump up your subscriber base, use this strategy.One method for generating interest in your business is by having a giveaway. Offer entries in return for liking your page. Make an announcement about the winners directly on the Facebook page, and keep doing this strategy each time you need subscribers for the campaign.Facebook is primarily a means of sharing content. It’s for more than sharing photos and playing games. Think of it as such. Write content for Facebook like you would for any other blog, then point your other online presences at your Facebook page. You’ll soon learn that Facebook can get you a lot of people interested in what you’re selling.Give Facebook ads a try. Posting on your page only goes so far. To extend your reach, use ads to reach outside your normal followers. These ads are not expensive and can quickly increase your followers and your sales.Custom tabs can help you make your Facebook marketing strategies more efficient. They let you get information together in an easily readable format. Deals, contests and promotions can be organized with their own tabs.Does your page stand out from the competition? You can do so by giving your page an attractive and eye-catching design. You can attract more followers with an attractive page.Using “custom audiences” lets you upload current customers’ email addresses and then you can target ads to just them. This method will lower your campaign cost and increase your page’s conversion rate due to the fact that more leads will turn to actual sales.Facebook GroupChose what you share as an update carefully. People don’t want to be flooded with sales jargon or spam. Educate your customers with enlightening posts. Use Facebook Insights to find out which updates are the most successful so you can provide your audience with more similar content.Another option, besides a Facebook page, is to create a Facebook group. Launching a Facebook group could encourage your subscribers to create their own online community and interact with each other. You could also use a group and a page to get maximum benefits from Facebook marketing.Don’t ignore any comments or posts that appear on your wall. If a person takes the time to try to reach you, you ought to speak to them. These messages are almost like phone calls. You wouldn’t ignore a call, so you shouldn’t ignore a message.Facebook Offers is a great tool for promoting giveaways and contests on your site. You only need to post the offer and then change it to Promoted Post on your wall. If you are offering something great, it may be worth promoting it more broadly, including non-fans.Be sure that all of your posts have useful information. There needs to be some benefit for your followers in all of your posts. That might mean an interesting offer for a new product or useful information about your field. Steer clear of selling too much, however, or you may tire your followers too quickly.With custom audiences, you can target your ads more effectively. Your conversion rate will increase using this tactic and your campaign cost will lower, both of which are beneficial to you.A great way to boost conversion of visitors to followers is by hiding content from those who are not yet fans. A casual visitor just might be willing to start following you if that’s the only way to get access to a particularly interesting part of your page. However don’t hide too much, as it will impact your SEO.Facebook MarketingA group is a great idea for a company. This could be a place where your business could field questions and encourage customers to interact with one another. Here, you can inform your customers of any special deals you have going on. You will feel much closer to your customers if you do so.Facebook marketing is both challenging and rewarding. Begin using Facebook for this purpose and see what happens. Use the helpful advice in the article for a better advantage during your Facebook marketing campaign.Never share updates that don’t relate to your field. Posting about impertinent information may be tempting, but remember that some followers may not be interested in unrelated topics. They followed your brand because they are interested in your brand, not current events or your personal life. Use your personal account if you want to share updates about personal projects.Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!Meet SonjiSonji Cosby is a wife, mother, journalist, blogger and marketer who is PASSIONATE about helping people, especially working parents who want to spend more time with their family. A native of Baltimore who now lives in Dallas, Sonji has two young boys and truly understands what it’s like to have children who want more of their parent’s time.