Liability:First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only. Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use.There are two main types of batching plants used in the concrete production industry, wet or dry plants. The traditional method is dry batching; this process involves mixing the dry ingredients for the grade of concrete required, loading these to the truck, adding water and then mixing in transit. Although still common, this type of plant is gradually falling out of favour as wet batch plants have improved with new technology. These plants allow for continuous production.The wet batching method produces concrete ready to pour into the truck to the required grade for immediate transportation. Computerisation of the batch process has contributed considerably to its predominance as it can offer increasing efficiency levels. Advantages of wet batching plantsTo some extent the nature of these plants will depend on the most common clients a company works with. On large jobs either a depot based or mobile wet batch plant is useful for production of concrete to be delivered or ferried to different parts of a site. For small domestic projects a depot based dry batching plant can be useful, although wet batching has distinct advantages. For deliveries to residential streets regulations may restrict the use of dry batch vehicles or access can be a problem. A centralised wet batching plant allows for deliveries of any size to be quickly transported from depot to site, regardless of access or restrictions.Savings and efficiencyIn terms of efficiency the computerised wet batching plant can offer some significant savings. A more consistent concrete of industry standard grade can be produced, continuously if required, for prompt delivery to clients of any size. Depot size can be reduced as raw materials, aggregates cement and sand do not to be stored in bulk but delivered and added quickly and efficiently. In the case of materials such as cement this can also considerably contribute to lower wastage and cut costs significantly. With lower storage and labour requirements the wet concrete batching plant not only makes a site more efficient but can reduce the noise and dust produced in the processing of materials helping to reduce the depot impact on the surrounding area.Overall wet batching plants can reduce costs by a significant amount with modern computerised version making vast savings on materials, labour and transport. Affordable solutions can be found in the used concrete equipment market to enable businesses to find a suitable system and bring concrete machinery up-to-date. Investment in the such efficient equipment to can make sense for many producers seeking to cut costs but maintain or improve production levels, grow their client base and protect their business in the current difficult climate that the construction industry is facing globally.No Implied Endorsement:First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company.No Warranty:Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites.