How Much Sugar is in Your Favorite Fruit?Fresh fruit boasts a high amount of fiber, water, and a slew of other vitamins and minerals--but it can also come with a good amount of sugar. Even though fruit contains only natural sugars and is a healthy choice in moderation, it's a good idea to watch how much sugar you're taking in regardless of where it comes from. Have you ever wondered just how much of the sweet stuff is found in nature's candy? If you were to choose the fruit with the least amount of naturally-occurring sugar, which would be your best bet: Bananas, apples, or oranges?The Winner: Oranges!Per 100 grams of edible fruit, juicy oranges contain 9.35 grams of natural sugars. Apples are a close second at 10.39 grams, and bananas weigh in at 12.23 grams. Want to know how some of your other favorite fruits stack up? Check out the chart below!One last note about fruit and sugar: Don't let those numbers scare you too much! Keep in mind that all fruit is great for you in moderation, just like any other food. Plus, a piece of fruit is always a better choice than a candy bar that's packed with processed sugars and additives. Aim to enjoy 2-3 servings of fruit per day to reap the sweet benefits of vitamins, minerals, fiber and antioxidants!It's nice to know that the fruits with the higher amounts of sugar are not one's that I eat that often. Actually, I feel that I have a pretty good rotation / balance in my fruits as I usually buy what's on sale or in season. I wouldn't be too worried about the sugars in fruits in my diet, as I don't really eat THAT much sugar. Plus I'd rather stick with the fruit than something more unhealthy. As with everything, you need a good balance. - 7/5/2014 5:46:39 PMUsually I eat all fruits of the season for my health and fitness and to fulfill my calories of the day and now through this post I got so much knowledge about the sugar in fruits and it help me to maintain my calories of the day more efficiently thanks so much for posting this type of useful information. - 4/26/2014 10:11:20 AMI'm allergic to 13 of them, so macht nichts to me. 8-) Shouldn't be flip; it's important to know what is in what we eat. Thanks for the info. When I eat the fruit I can, I keep it to 80 calories, thus keeping the sugars fairly equal. - 1/31/2014 2:11:33 PMI think as long a you eat a balanced diet and drink plenty of water you'll be fine even if you eat the more sugary fruits. I wouldn't recommend store-bought fruit juices as they usually end up with less of the natural nutrients and more sugar than the fruit itself. And if you juice at home, just be aware that many juicers remove the skin of your fruits. While that can be helpful for some it is removing the portion that contains most of the fiber and nutrients for others. So if you juice at home, I recommend cutting up fruits like pears & apples (with the skin left on) by hand rather on in a blender than using a juicer.Again though, just focusing on a balanced diet with plenty of dark & leafy green veggies, lots of water and the right kinds of fats, carbs and proteins will help to balance out the sugar from fruits. - 11/18/2013 10:09:05 AMI am not a diabetic, so I don't have to use oj, or oranges to pull my sugar up cause I am not eating right. I don't think cutting out fruit is the answer to sugar problems in general. If you eat a lot of chocolate, or drink a lot of pop, coffee, or tea, well you will be craving more synthetic foods that have sugar in them And red meet also does this. If you were to eat only a few or one fruit, you wouldn't be doing your body justice as far as health: apples have pectin in it that is good for the heart, Bananas & apricots are potassium, figs are iron, pineapple have enzymes in it, melons help with digestion, ect... You need fruit so you won't get scurvy, have strong veins, strengthen eyes, and the sugar from them nourishes your body. - 11/1/2013 12:59:23 AMIt just tracks them as calories under carbs. The other categories are protein and fat. So while at least with fruit sugars you are getting vitamins, minerals and fiber, obviously a better source of sugar than say cookies or candy, you do still need to take into account those calories. - 9/16/2013 5:42:39 PMI have two kiwifruit every day, it is one of the highest in fiber and vitamin C. I also have sultanas with my porridge and a glass of pineapple juice. Of, course too much fruit never killed anyone, but if you're serious about losing weight, you do need to take into account the sugar and carbs. - 9/14/2013 11:18:32 PMEvery food on the face of this earth has an article on it stating that it's 'bad' in some way or another. The last thing you have to worry about is eating too many fruits and veggies. Doctors have made it very clear that it's really hard to eat too much fruit. Unless your doctor has told you to watch your sugar content, you do NOT need to worry about the sugar in fruit. Period. - 9/14/2013 7:31:15 PMGrapes, blueberries and clementines are my favorite. But they must be all on the sweet side. I do regulate how many I eat but I still am not as concerned about them as I am cakes, cookies, ice cream etc etc.there is a BBIIGG difference on how the sugars in fresh fruits compared to sugar, and high/fructose/ syrup affect your body Fresh fruit is a natural UNPROCESSED sugar where as any other form of sweeteners are very acidic forming in your body. These "processed" sweeteners also make you want to eat more whereas the natural sugars satisfy your bodies craving for sweets. This article is misleading. Carbs from processed sugars whether it be beet, cane, high fructose affect ones blood sugars much more than natural carbs. - 2/18/2013 7:28:38 PMGreat article Melinda! I am amazed at the comments on here (and many other blogs) from people who seem to "get it" yet get hung up on something taken out of context and take the blogger to task on it. READ TO COMPREHEND, PEOPLE!! - 2/18/2013 11:08:44 AMThank you for this article. We all know, now, the impact of sugar on our lives and yet when choosing between fruits and vegetables so often fruit is where we run. Okay, it is fruit and natural sugars (at least as far as we know given the amount of GMO products out there) however it is still sugar and often a lot higher than we think.I'd love to see a similar article looking at the sugar in vegetables. Sugar is not an industry invention and it's everywhere. Knowing where it is would be a great help. - 2/17/2013 3:59:04 PMThose of us with diabetes and pre-diabetes and insulin resistance must all be very careful of how much fruit we eat and in what form (fresh, frozen, dried, canned, etc). This list will help me make good, better, best choices! Thanks! - 2/17/2013 1:03:40 PMInteresting with some of the sugar content and I agree that moderation is key. With Weight Watchers having fruits as no points, I wonder if using fruits as fill in for sugar snacks can be the downfall of some members? I agree - fruit doesn't make you fat BUT have to wonder if you eat more than 3-5 servings a day substituting it for sugar laden snacks, can it hold you back from losing ? - 2/17/2013 11:23:56 AMThanks for all the information. I also was surprised about some of the findings. Larksongrutth; I believe the orange alone will not raise the blood sugar that quickly, but the concentrated juice from them will. - 2/17/2013 10:42:20 AMI eat grapes the most because of all the fruits on the list they are generally the cheapest and available year round. But maybe it's my sweet tooth which makes them my favourite. I actually love mango and papaya but they can be pricey. - 2/17/2013 9:38:27 AMI'm reading Richard Bernstein MD's "The Diabetes Diet" and learning so much about blood sugar. I don't have diabetes but I do have Insulin Resistance as all obese do according to him. He never eats fruits because he says they effect blood sugar. He's been a Type 1 diabetic since age 12 and is 78 now. He has lectures on YouTube that are very helpful. I still have 1/2 a grapefruit daily, but I cut out the bananas. If you read Richard Johnson MD's "The Sugar Fix" you also learn a lot. - 2/17/2013 9:25:31 AMI always worry that articles like this will scare people off from eating fruit. Unless you're diabetic, eat your dang fruit and don't worry about the sugar factor. How many people can honestly say they got fat by eating too much fruit? - 2/17/2013 8:46:07 AMI love all fruits, and agree that eating fruit is 'way better than eating a chocolate chip cookie, a muffin (even bran!), or baked goods of any kind. That said, I try for three a day, and sometimes eat as many as five. My excess weight did not come from eating fruit. It came from portions that were too large, from making peanut butter my snack of choice, and from skimping on the exercise. P.S. My favorite fruit is probably mango, with oranges, apples and raspberries right up there on the list. - 2/17/2013 7:54:54 AMI am not diabetic but I started monitoring my carbs to break plateaus and began to realize how many carbs were in fruit. I don't use any processed sugars, so to satisfy my craving for sweet, I eat fruit. 3 pieces of fruit can easily add up to 70 carbs a day. Better than starches, but it still adds up. - 2/17/2013 7:39:15 AMI love all summer fruits, peaches, apricots, grapes, berries. But there's a lot more to fruit than sugar, there's fibre all sorts of vitamins and minerals that are different in every fruit. The recommended intake is supposed to be 3 serves, but I don't think that 5 serves would do too much harm - 2/17/2013 3:11:43 AMSparkPeople, SparkCoach, SparkPages, SparkPoints, SparkDiet, SparkAmerica, SparkRecipes, DailySpark, and other marks are trademarks of SparkPeople, Inc. All Rights Reserved. SPARKPEOPLE is a registered trademark of SparkPeople, Inc. in the United States, European Union, Canada, and Australia. All rights reserved.NOTE: Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy last updated on October 25, 2013