Delivered To Your INBOXLatest Controversial GOP Rape Claim: It Can Create A Beautiful ChildSeveral GOP politicians and lawmakers have made the news for comments about rape that stirred up controversy and made false medical claims, but the latest GOP rape controversy comes courtesy of West Virginia House Del. Brian Kurcaba (R).According to Charleston Gazette reporter David Gutman, Kurcaba made the comment during debate on a GOP abortion bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy. The bill had previously been vetoed in 2014 by West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin (D) until revived by the GOP members of the House of Delegates.The House Health Committee had already voted down putting an exception for incest or rape into the bill, approving it “as is” on Thursday. Kurcaba was making a case for why those who have been victimized by rape and incest should not be allowed abortion exceptions.“Obviously rape is awful. What is beautiful is the child that could come from this.”USA Today reports that Kurcaba has made a statement apologizing to “anyone who took my comments about the sanctity of human life to mean anything other than that all children are precious regardless of circumstances.”Kurcaba’s rape comment sounds similar to some other recent GOP rape comments that went viral, as documented by Charles Gaba, who is now tracking them on his website and Twitter. Indiana’s GOP Senate candidate Richard Mourdock (R) made a very similar statement about rape back in 2012.“When life begins with that horrible situation of rape, that is something that God intended to happen.”Wisconsin State Representative Roger Rivard (R) took a lot of heat for saying “some girls, they rape so easy.” But perhaps the most notorious — and scientifically unsubstantiated — comments made special medical claims that if rape truly occurred, a woman couldn’t get pregnant, such as Missouri’s Republican Congressman & Senate candidate Todd Akin’s (R) rape theory.“If it’s a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down.”Other GOP politicians have pushed that remark even farther, making ludicrous and false medical claims about pregnancy resulting from rape. According to Pennsylvania GOP State Rep. Stephen Freind (R), women inherently harbor a special spermicidal secretion they unleash in these special cases.“The odds that a woman who is raped will get pregnant are one in millions and millions and millions — the traumatic experience of rape causes a woman to secrete a certain secretion that tends to kill sperm.”“The facts show that people who are raped — who are truly raped — the juices don’t flow, the body functions don’t work and they don’t get pregnant. Medical authorities agree that this is a rarity, if ever.”Do you think this latest GOP rape claim deserves the backlash, or has Kurcaba’s comments been misunderstood and taken out of context?Just WHY is this "controversial". He is right. I am a rape conceived woman and I AM a beautiful child of God. Being conceived in rape does not make me any different than anyone else. And those other GOP statements—mindless ignorant drivel.I've spoken to hundreds of women who love their babies conceived after rape. Even the few who I spoke with who aborted tell me they are more traumatized from the killing of their own baby than the rape!! When will society stop abusing women after rape? The moms say that we were the only good thing that could come of rape! But no one believes them.Want to know the real war on women? The insults and abuse they get from wanting their babies after rape. My 14 yo client had her dr call her a liar and kids at school spray painted horrible words on her house! Another 12 yo was told by the nurse in the ER "you look like a pretty big girl. I don't see how anyone could drag you away!"Our society believes in tolerance but only when it suits the liberals.Lies about the rape conceived are the foundation of legal abortion in this country. The prejudice against people like me and my mother MUST STOP!! We are doctors, firefighters, teachers, law enforcement, pastors, worship leaders, entrepreneurs, lawyers, counselors, chemist, professor, singer/songwriters, mayor, military and that's the ones I personally know. We are not the monsters society has labeled us to be. And most of all we are loved by our mothers!!Society: YOUR exceptions. OUR Lives!My mother was raped by 8 men and fought yes fought for my life! I was loved. I am loved.Hitler thought the Jews weren't deserving of life too. And America (as well as the rest of the world) is doing the very same thing concerning mothers and children of rape conception while rapists run free!As for the medical comments… rape is not rare and neither is pregnancy from rape. Drs have long believed that stress diminishes the ability for pregnancy to occur! So people think that rape being the highest stress surely couldn't produce a pregnancy.I hate that people act like what these people are saying is anything new. Why not go after the drs who started it?And you'd think people would be able to also understand that rape is hated by God and life is created by Him. Who will stand and tell God He can't place a child in a womb after rape?If you were shown a sonogram of a baby conceived in rape & one that was not, you'd never be able to tell the difference. You would only know that you were looking at a created human being. As a person who was conceived in rape, I agree with what he bravely and eloquently stated. My life is both valuable and beautiful, affirmed by my Creator, protected by mother.