Jobs at EMD197 job openingsRefine Your SearchEMD - Norwood, OHPosition Summary: This role will be responsible for managing all facets of EMD Millipore’s Regional Distribution Operations in our Norwood, OH and Kankakee IL Warehouses. The Distribution Operations Manager will coordinate manage and plan the warehouse storage and distribution of products and materials with a working knowledge of refrigerated and frozen commodities, ha...EMD - New JerseyThe Account Manager position is an integral part of EMD Millipore's Pharm Chemicals Solutions business field. Our Classical Pharmaceutical Chemicals team is focused on partnering with the pharmaceutical industry to provide critical raw materials used in the manufacture of therapeutics drugs in solid, liquid, and semi- solids doses. Or any other delivery route within the small molecule grou...EMD - Bedford, MAEMD Millipore has an opening for a SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER, Single Use Final Fill. This position is located in Bedford, MA. Mission: As Single Use Final Fill Product Manager, you will deliver innovative, high performance products and integrated, customized performance solutions with accountability for all activities assoc...EMD - IllinoisThe Account Manager position is an integral part of EMD Millipore's Pharm Chemicals Solutions business field. Our Classical Pharmaceutical Chemicals team is focused on partnering with the pharmaceutical industry to provide critical raw materials used in the manufacture of therapeutics drugs in solid, liquid, and semi- solids doses. Or any other delivery route within the small molecule grou...EMD - Billerica, MAThe candidate will analyze candidate biological drugs focusing on antibodies and antibody-fusions. The group focuses on early stage protein analytics in the research organization, developing initial characterization methods to assess aggregates, post-translational modifications, glycans, and clipping products on newly developed biologics. The candidate will interact with other members ...EMD - Temecula, CA. EMD Millipore is searching for a research scientist within our Research Content and Reagents business field supporting our antibody technology initiative. This position is located in Temecula, CA. We are seeking a highly motivated and creative individual with a strong scientific background and hands-on experience in immunology or neuroscience to contribute to our antib...EMD - Rockland, MAEMD Serono, Inc., subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, is a leader in U.S. biotechnology, focusing on oncology, immunology, neurology, reproductive health, and metabolic endocrinology. More than 1,000 people work in the world-class facilities in Rockland, MA and Billerica, MA, and approximately 250 work in the field in the U.S. The Senior Director Market Access and Pri...EMD - VirginiaEMD Millipore has an opening for a Research Account Manager Washington DC The Commonwealth of Virginia The Lab Americas Sales Organization of EMD Millipore Corporation is seeking an Account Manager to support the growth strategy of the division An Account Manager is responsible for establishing and growing customer accounts. The ideal candidate is results orie...EMD - Jaffrey, NHJob Purpose Responsible for the organization's manufacturing and/or production operations including assembly, machinery, processing and/or packaging. Sets production schedules based on product introduction, equipment efficiency, materials supply, staffing resources, and volume required to meet demand and to ensure maximum production quantity and quality. Support in steering and controllin...EMD - TennesseeEMD Serono Inc. is the biopharmaceutical subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany; global pharmaceutical and chemical group. More than 1,000 people work in the world-class facilities in Rockland, MA and Billerica, MA, and approximately 250 work in the field in the U.S. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in o...EMD - PennsylvaniaDescription: EMD Millipore and EMD Serono, are affiliates of Merck KGaA, a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in the pharmaceutical and chemical sectors. Around 39,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to further the success of our customers and to help meet global challenges. We generated ...EMD - Billerica, MAEMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical division of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a global pharmaceutical and chemical group. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in our core therapeutic areas of neurodegenerative diseases, fertility and metabolic endocrinology, as well as oncology and autoimmune/inflammatory diseases as eme...EMD - Billerica, MADescription: EMD Millipore and EMD Serono, are affiliates of Merck KGaA, a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in the pharmaceutical and chemical sectors. Around 39,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to further the success of our customers and to help meet global challenges. We ge...EMD - MarylandEMD Millipore has an opening for a Research Account Manager – National Institutes of Health. The Lab Americas Sales Organization of EMD Millipore Corporation is seeking an Account Manager to support the growth strategy of the division An Account Manager is responsible for establishing and growing customer accounts. The ideal candidate is results oriented, pass...EMD - MissouriEMD Serono Inc. is the biopharmaceutical subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany; global pharmaceutical and chemical group. More than 1,000 people work in the world-class facilities in Rockland, MA and Billerica, MA, and approximately 250 work in the field in the U.S. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in our core ...