This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabDescriptionItem specificsCondition:New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable). Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab ... Read moreabout the conditionWe do not offer shipping to Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, APO/FPO or PO BOX AddressesShipping to a USA Mainland Physical Street Address OnlyThis statement below is a requirement by Ebay, however this item is not regulated & ANYONE can purchase.“The sale of this item may be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and state and local regulatory agencies.If so, do not bid on this item unless you are an authorized purchaser. If the item is subject to FDA regulation, I will verify your status as an authorized purchaser of this item before shipping of the item."Place bidBy clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.