Google Play reviews now use Google+ so it's easier to see opinions from people you care about. New reviews will be publicly linked to your Google+ profile. Your name on previous reviews now appears as "A Google User".Google Play reviews now use Google+ so it's easier to see opinions from people you care about. New reviews will be publicly linked to your Google+ profile. Your name on previous reviews now appears as "A Google User".Reflecting on this Album This album is really great, combining electronic sounding tunes with an early 2000s vibes. I am thoroughly impressed with the girls and their development since they left X-Factor after almost winning. It's rare to see a group, especially a girl group, reaching their potential and being so cohesive. Personally, I prefer the acoustic version of We Know, but that is the only thing I would personally change.I Love 5th Harmony♡♥♡♥♥ I love 5th Harmony so much they are so very talented. They are also so very pretty, every single one of them. I dont just like one person more I love them together. They are just so funny and its like this was faith for them to be put together. Like there song says BETTER TOGETHER. there amazing its just scary but good scary. When I first saw fifth harmony I thougtht they were all pretty and I like their song miss movin I used to jam to it all the time then didnt. But this past month ive been watching their interviews and how they were even put in a band then I fell in love with them like their music and their personality. Like they knew each other for 2 years or a little longer and they seem like they knew each other longer than just 2 years. They really love each other . It looks like to me that they knew each other their whole life. Their so funny and BETTER TOGETHER. So thank you so much fifth harmony for having such a big space in my heart and being a inspiration to me. I wish I can meet you one day. (who knows) my hands are startin to hurt but I love you so much. But you guys are worth it♥♥♥ cant wait to your album im going to pre-order it.. YEAAAAAAA!!!!!♥♥ bye.!A very successful debut! I've been hyped for a full length Fifth Harmony album since discovering their EP, and Reflection did not disappoint. Reminiscent of the girl groups of the new millennium these girls mix nostalgic sounds with modern style. Inundated with pop culture references, harmonies, and female empowerment this album showcases just who Fifth Harmony is. From slowed down tracks like We Know to upbeat hitters such as Worth It or Top Down, this album will appeal to every pop and r'n'b lover.Reflecting on this Album This album is really great, combining electronic sounding tunes with an early 2000s vibes. I am thoroughly impressed with the girls and their development since they left X-Factor after almost winning. It's rare to see a group, especially a girl group, reaching their potential and being so cohesive. Personally, I prefer the acoustic version of We Know, but that is the only thing I would personally change.I Love 5th Harmony♡♥♡♥♥ I love 5th Harmony so much they are so very talented. They are also so very pretty, every single one of them. I dont just like one person more I love them together. They are just so funny and its like this was faith for them to be put together. Like there song says BETTER TOGETHER. there amazing its just scary but good scary. When I first saw fifth harmony I thougtht they were all pretty and I like their song miss movin I used to jam to it all the time then didnt. But this past month ive been watching their interviews and how they were even put in a band then I fell in love with them like their music and their personality. Like they knew each other for 2 years or a little longer and they seem like they knew each other longer than just 2 years. They really love each other . It looks like to me that they knew each other their whole life. Their so funny and BETTER TOGETHER. So thank you so much fifth harmony for having such a big space in my heart and being a inspiration to me. I wish I can meet you one day. (who knows) my hands are startin to hurt but I love you so much. But you guys are worth it♥♥♥ cant wait to your album im going to pre-order it.. YEAAAAAAA!!!!!♥♥ bye.!A very successful debut! I've been hyped for a full length Fifth Harmony album since discovering their EP, and Reflection did not disappoint. Reminiscent of the girl groups of the new millennium these girls mix nostalgic sounds with modern style. Inundated with pop culture references, harmonies, and female empowerment this album showcases just who Fifth Harmony is. From slowed down tracks like We Know to upbeat hitters such as Worth It or Top Down, this album will appeal to every pop and r'n'b lover.5H💖💖💖💖💖 I can't wait to hear this soon to be wonderful album! I've been a fan ever since their X Factor days, and I'm proud to be here for this moment! They are five amazingly talented girls who have the power to go down in history as one of the most amazing girl group's ever! Love them!Yea, um no. I feel like this,album makes them be who they are not. Like "trying" to be a combo of popular female artist. But really doesn't fit them. Its like a 90's throwback. I feel like if they're meant for more acoustic a more natural sound vs trying to be fake.Boy i aint talking to you im talking to my own reflection I love all their songs but i wished that this is how we roll was a single maybe more people would of been noticing, but other than that go fifth har-money.Reflection? More like PERFECTION This album is everything! These girls promised us an album we would love and they delivered! Im 5H af and idc who knows it. I will bump this album until the next one comes outFifth Harmony 😭😭❤ &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Anyone Fifth Harmony 😍😭❤ &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Anyone. I love you guys so much. 😭😘 Thanks for teaching me how to stay positive. 💯❤ Without you guys I'm nothing. ❤ Love you guys. 😘❤ You guys are my role models, I look up to you guys. ❤ You guys are just amazing. 😭😌❤My Life Is Complete Lets be real, this album frickin SLAYS. Each of the girls voices shine out somewhere in this album and you can just hear uniqueness in every single one of them. All of their songs are so catchy and one of them is bound to match your mood at any given time. So buy this album because its WORTH IT. If you don't like it you're lying to yourself. 5H 4 lyfe 💗