India is future of bodybuilding: Kris GethinThe Indian bodybuilders enjoyed a successful outing last year, winning three medals at the international level including a gold at the World Championships.But Kris Gethin, considered among the best coaches in the world, feels that the Indians need to improve their knowledge of the latest training technique and their self-confidence in order to achieve more success.“The physiques I have seen in India are generally of very high quality. Obviously, a lot of them have good genetics and India definitely has a lot of potential. But the knowledge here is about seven to eight years behind what we follow in the west,” Gethin told this paper from Pune.“They also tend to get defeated in the mind. Some of them may be really good, but sometimes they do not have the confidence,” he added.Gethin is one of the judges of the Fit Factor India event organised by Body Power, which aims to uncover the best upcoming bodybuilders in the country. The event has already covered Mumbai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Delhi and Pune. The ones who were selected will now compete in the final leg at Mumbai in March.The Delhi leg drew a massive response with more than 200 aspiring bodybuilders turning up to try their luck.They were grouped into batches of 10 before being judged onstage by Gethin and renowned coach Nathan Harman.“The overall quality that I saw in Delhi is much better than what I have seen in many other countries. With over 200 competitors, we expected most of the groups to be somewhat shallow in terms of talent, with maybe one or two standout physiques,” Gethin said.“But we were really surprised. Each group had several outstanding talents and the general standard was really high. India is definitely the future of bodybuilding.”The Englishman feels that the one of the factors that give the country an edge is the widespread popularity and passion for fitness and bodybuilding among youngsters.“They are very motivated and passionate. That is something which not found too much in the US or the UK. Over there, people have the education, but not the level of passion I have seen here,” he said.Bhupinder Dewan, who has coached several Asian and world champions, also felt India has a bright future in bodybuilding if the administrators of the sport get their act together.Post new commentYour name: *E-Mail Address: *The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly.