List Price: $349.95 Deal Price: $189.00 You Save: $160.95Offers2New, Lowest Price: $189.00Product DescriptionThe camera for those who go big.To capture thrilling first-person views of your epic moments, to really share the rush with your friends and family, you need a camera that's rugged, sure - but you also need a camera that takes outstanding photos and videos. And don't sweat drops of up to 6.6 feet. Nikon USA Factory refurbished with 90 Day Nikon Warranty. Ready for extreme adventures - Waterproof, shockproof and freezeproofThe COOLPIX AW120 can handle all that Mother Nature can throw at it. Whether it's in your hand, mounted to a surfboard, clipped on a backpack or attached to a scuba tank, every... The camera's superb wide-angle (24mm equivalent) f/2.8 NIKKOR glass lens gets more in the frame and captures bright, sharp images that will have you reliving the action on your "off" days. Strap it to your chest with the optional Chest Harness and record mind-blowing Full HD 1080p videos with stereo sound, smooth slow motion sequences and high-res photos, even in challenging conditions. Shoot at temperatures as cold as 14 F. Take it diving to depths of up to 59-feet. The waterproof, freezeproof and shockproof COOLPIX AW120 delivers the image quality your big moments deserve. You don't even have to wait to share the rush - with built-in Wi-Fi, your COOLPIX AW120 shots can instantly appear on a compatible smartphone or tablet for easy sharing. When things get bumpy, Nikon's new Hybrid VR system helps keep your shots sharp and steady. Your friends will be jealous they weren't there!Customer Reviews and RatingsAs of April 3, 2015, 2:03 pm(*Pricing disclaimer: Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change without notice. Any price and availability information displayed on the original websites, as applicable at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of related products.)Offer and use of product information are provided and authorized by Amazon. Shop Now