Pennsylvania’s most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil emerged from his burrow and after seeing his shadow, predicted six more weeks of winter. (Reuters)Punxsutawney Phil, the world’s most beloved and furry seasonal prognosticator, saw his shadow on Monday morning (despite overcast skies), portending six more weeks of winter.The groundhog’s predication came around 7:25 a.m. in Punxsutawney, Pa., with scattered snow showers moving through the region from the latest winter storm — conditions that are likely to continue with frequency if the plucky marmot is right.Last year, Phil also saw his shadow — the final nail in the coffin for what was one of the most brutally long winters in the U.S. The unrelenting winter dragged on through March in many places in 2014. Around D.C., many locations accumulated more than 30 inches of snow last winter, and Phil chalked another one up in the “verified” column.While no one questions Phil’s dedication to the seasonal outlook, his accuracy is an enduring source of controversy.This year, the forecast suggests this winter will be remembered for its duration more than its intensity. Temperatures, so far, have been running close to or slightly above average across the Lower 48. Does Phil sense a dramatic shift to come, favoring snow-lovers and ski bunnies? Only time will tell.Since the groundhog’s first prediction in 1887, Phil has seen his shadow 102 times (including this year) and not seen it on just 17 occasions. There are nine missing years in the record, but Phil has issued a forecast without exception. Phil’s official Web site says he has “of course” issued a correct forecast 100 percent of the time. But NOAA’s National Climatic Data Center says Phil’s forecasts have shown “no predictive skill” in recent years. AccuWeather finds the rodent has an 80 percent accuracy rate.NOAA says Groundhog Day originated as an ancient celebration of the mid-point between the winter solstice and spring equinox.“Superstition has it that fair weather [at this midpoint] was seen as forbearance of a stormy and cold second half to winter,” NOAA writes in its summary of Groundhog Day background and folklore.Groundhog Day-like celebrations are held in several other regions of North America where other furry rodents make their predictions, including:Pennsylvania’s most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, emerged from his burrow and saw his own shadow.CaptionPennsylvania’s most famous groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, emerged from his burrow and saw his own shadow.Feb. 2, 2015 Groundhog Club handler Ron Ploucha, front left, is seen surrounded by members of the inner circle of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club after taking Punxsutawney Phil, the weather prognosticating groundhog, from his burrow during the 129th celebration of Groundhog Day on Gobbler's Knob in Punxsutawney, Pa.Gene J. Puskar/APComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.