A guide to making everyday life a little more fabulous.Chocolate souffle cupcakes with chocolate buttercreamSince Valentine’s Day is creeping up on us, I thought I’d start my Super Bowl recipe sharing with these amazingly rich, fudgy (and gluten-free) chocolate cupcakes.Whether you decorate them like footballs or sprinkle them with hearts is up to you.The first thing you need to know about these cupcakes is that there is no flour of any kind in them, so they have a texture more like fudge than cake. The method is also a little different than most cupcakes: You will need to separate and whip the heck out of some eggs for the structure…but expect them to collapse a bit after you take them out of the oven.I added cinnamon and chile powder for a Mexican chocolate flavor, and a simple and delicious buttercream, which made them extra decadent. But a dollop of whipped cream would also work beautifully.If you do want to add a design on top of the chocolate frosting — football laces, hearts or anything else you desire — the easiest thing to do is just use some Cool Whip (or something similar) in a plastic bag with a pastry tip (or just with the corner chopped off). Or you can make the frosting without the chocolate, set a little aside for piping, and then add the chocolate for the rest.Then, just bask in the chocolately goodness. And maybe give one to your Valentine? Or not. I’m not judging.Cut the butter into pieces and place in a heavy medium saucepan or double boiler. Add the chocolate (on top of the butter, if possible), and heat on low until mostly melted. Remove from heat and whisk until mixture is smooth. Allow to cool to lukewarm, stirring occasionally.In a medium bowl, beat the egg yolks and 6 tablespoons sugar with a hand-held electric mixer for about two minutes, until mixture is very thick and pale in color. Once the chocolate is not too hot, gradually mix it into the yolks. Then add the cinnamon, chile powder and vanilla and beat until combined.If you don’t have two sets, thoroughly wash and dry your beaters. Then, in another bowl (small or medium will work), beat the egg whites with the clean beaters until foamy. Gradually add the remaining sugar and the salt, and continue beating egg whites until medium peaks form.In three additions, fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture. Spoon the batter into lined cupcake cups, filling each about 3/4 of the way. Bake the cupcakes 15 to 20 minutes, or until tops are puffy and dry (cracking is OK). Cool the cupcakes, then fill sunken wells with whipped cream or chocolate frosting.Chop the chocolate into pieces and melt in a double boiler or heat-proof bowl set over a pot of simmering water, stirring occasionally so the chocolate doesn’t burn. Once the chocolate is melted, set it aside to cool a bit. When the chocolate is about room temperature, pour it into a food processor with the rest of the frosting ingredients. Process until smooth. (If you want to use some white frosting for decoration, process everything except the chocolate first and set aside a small amount, then add the chocolate and blend it in.)