7 Proven Black Seed Oil Benefits & CuresOf the 630 scientific peer-reviewed articles that have been published about black seed oil benefits, one fact is clear: there are few issues that it cannot help the body overcome. With virtually no side effects, the healing prowess of black seed is actually quite unbelievable and it boggles the mind that most Americans have never heard of it!Unique Black Seed Oil BenefitsThe uniqueness of the seeds from southwest Asia Nigella sativa is first realized by the many names that it is referred to: (1)Black cuminBlack carawayBlack sesameOnion seedRoman coriander“Black seed” is actually more of a description than a proper name, yet is preferred because it helps to distinguish it from caraway and cumin. Many health experts claim that it is, indeed, a true panacea; able to help cure everything from allergies to hypertension. Quite possibly, the most promising research has been done connecting Nigella sativa to multi-drug resistant bacteria. This is a real big deal because these so-called “superbugs” are becoming a significant public health risk. According to the National Institute of Health: (2)Strains of bacteria and viruses that are antimicrobial-resistant are becoming virtually impossible to treat; including HIV, staphylococcal, tuberculosis, influenza, gonorrhea, candida, and malaria.Between 5 – 10% of all hospital patients develop an infection from superbugs.More than 90,000 of these patients die every year, up from 13,300 patient deaths in 1992.People infected with superbugs typically have longer hospital stays, require more complicated treatment and don’t recover as well.A study conducted by Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College researchers set out to determine just how potent black seed oil against some of these superbugs and pared it against several antibiotics such as Amoxicillin, Gatifloxacin and Tetracycline. According to the study,“Out of 144 strains tested, most of which were resistant to a number of antibiotics, 97 were inhibited by the oil of black cumin!”Next to oil of oregano, few things on the planet can boast this type of potency to microbes! The study uncovered that it was especially effective against multidrug resistant strains of P. aeruginosa and S. aureus.The key to understanding why black seed oils benefits the body in this way is because it is rich in 3 key natural chemicals: thymoquinone (TQ), thymohydroquinone (THQ) and thymol.The Power Behind Black Seed Oil Benefits: PhytochemicalsIn an effort to offer a solution to the growing antifungal resistant problem people have with yeasts and molds, a recent study was conducted with the purpose of determining if Nigella sativa seed oil could help. Published in the Egyptian Journal of Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, scientists tested thymol, TQ and THQ against 30 human pathogens and were surprised to discover that: (3)Each compound showed 100% inhibition for the thirty pathogens evaluated.Thymoquinone was the best antifungal compound against all of the tested dermatophytes and yeasts, followed by thymohydroquinone and thymol.Thymol was the best antifungal against molds followed by TQ and THQ.What this study tells us is that Nigella sativa oil carries a very unique chemical constituency that is not only effective individually, but more importantly also collectively. Essentially proving that fungus and molds cannot exist in the presence of these phytochemicals, it is no wonder why researchers are seeking to solve the superbug problem with the mighty black seed!Thymoquinone – An active ingredient in black seed, researchers have been investigating TQ since the 1960s. It is well known for its anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory and anticancer properties that have been reported to help with encephalomyelitis, diabetes, asthma and carcinogenesis. (4) Interestingly, thymoquinone acts as a free radical or an effective superoxide radical scavenger, in addition to preserving antioxidant enzymes glutathione peroxidase and glutathione-S-transferase. Both Glutathione peroxidase and S-transferase are heralded for being major detoxifiers and greatly aid in cellular antioxidant defense systems because they protect the liver from toxins. (4,5)Thymohydroquinone – A kin to thymoqinone, thymohydroquinone is one of the most potent natural acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitors on the planet. (6) AChE inhibitors are chemicals that stop enzyme activity, which increases the amount of time and the amount of the neurotransmitter acetylecholine remains active in the brain. To give you an idea of their usefulness, pharmaceutical-grade acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are used medicinally to treat a wide range of conditions including: (7)ApathyAlzheimer’s diseaseAutismGlaucomaDementiaMyasthenia gravisNeurodegenerative conditionsPostural Tachycardia SyndromeSchizophreniaParkinson’s diseaseConsidering that the pharmaceutical approach to these diseases comes at a great cost to the patient, it offers much hope to literally millions to learn that safe, plant-based solutions are a viable alternative!Thymol – The active ingredient that gives thyme essential oil its medicinal properties, thymol is a natural monoterpene that holds a number of useful qualities. For example, (8) (9)It is commonly used as a tuberculocide and virucides to kill TB and various viruses.It is used as a medical and general-purpose disinfectant.It is a rapidly degrading, non-persisting pesticide.It is also used in food flavorings, perfumes, mouthwashes, and even cosmetics.Thymol is among those pesticides for which EPA believes a broadly reduced set of generic data requirements is appropriate for reregistration. The Agency, therefore, has waived most generic data requirements for thymol with the exception of studies that are considered essential, including additional information about chemical purity, and product chemistry studies.Top 7 Black Seed Oil BenefitsOf the many ways that black seed oil benefits the body, the 6 that stick out in the scientific literature its ability to help prevent cancer, diabetes, obesity, hair loss, skin disorders and infections like MRSA.1. CancerCroatian scientists evaluated the antitumor activity of thymoquinone and thymohydroquinone in mice and discovered that the two phytochemicals in black seed oil can resulted in 52% decrease in tumor cells! (10)Being rich in both chemicals, black seed is unique in that it can help prevent and treat cancer through a variety of mechanisms:Anti-proliferationApoptosis inductionCell cycle arrestReactive oxygen species generationAnti-metastasisAnti-angiogenesisAccording to one study,“The anti-tumor effects of thymoquinone have also been investigated in tumor xenograft mice models for colon, prostate, pancreatic and lung cancer. The combination of thymoquinone and conventional chemotherapeutic drugs could produce greater therapeutic effect as well as reduce the toxicity of the latter.” (11)2. Liver HealthThe liver is one of the most important organs in the body. Nearly every toxin gets processed through the liver, and the bile from the liver is the key to digesting fats and keeping your mind and body happy and healthy. For those that have struggled with poor liver function due to medication side effects, alcohol consumption, or disease, black seed oil could greatly speed the healing process. In a recent study scientists discovered that black seed oil benefits the function of the liver and helps prevent both damage and disease. (12)3. DiabetesExplained in a recent article published by the Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism, researchers from the Indian Council of Medical Research highlight that black seed oil “causes gradual partial regeneration of pancreatic beta-cells, increases the lowered serum insulin concentrations and decreases the elevated serum glucose.” (13) This is actually quite profound because Nigella sativa is one of the few substances on the planet that is suggested to help prevent both type 1 and type 2 diabetes.In fact, according to the study, black seed “improves glucose tolerance as efficiently as metformin; yet it has not shown significant adverse effects and has very low toxicity!” (13) This is HUGE because metformin, one of the most commonly prescribed type 2 diabetes drugs, can cause a wide slew of side effects including: (14)BloatingConstipation/DiarrheaFlushing of the skinGas/IndigestionHeartburnHeadacheNail changesMetallic taste in mouthMuscle painStomach pain4. Weight LossThe Journal of Diabetes and Metabolic Disorders published a study last June systemically reviewing the literature for plants that have anti-obesity properties and discovered that black seed oil was amongst the most effective natural remedies on the planet. (15)Not traditionally believed to treat obesity, Nigella sativa is a marvelous anti-inflammatory agent that is known to help people lose weight in the same way that it helps diabetics. Specifically, by decreasing these weight gain triggers, black seed oil has helped millions shed excess weight: (16)AppetiteGlucose absorption in the intestineLiver gluconeogenesisBlood glucose levelsCholesterolTriglycerides5. HairProbably one of the most unique black seed oil benefits is its uncanny ability to help restore hair loss. No one quite understands why it happens, but it’s not too hard to guess that it has something to do with its powerful antioxidant and antimicrobial properties. By strengthening hair follicles, there is very good reason to see how black seed oil can help promote strengthened hair roots.6. SkinProduced in the retina, choroid and epidermis, melanin are pigments that protect the skin from damage. You probably are most family with it being the main chemical responsible for giving our eyes and skin their individual color. Known to promote and inhibit melanogenesis (melanin production), black seed oil benefits on the skin and other cells are profoundly healing. (17, 18)For example, in a recent study conducted by Iranian researchers, Nigella saliva was found as effective as the skin cream Betamethasone in improving quality of life and decreasing severity of hand eczema. (19) When you consider that black seed oil has virtually no side effects, the benefits of Nigella, in fact, far exceed medical intervention!7. Infections (MRSA)Of all the superbugs that black seed oil can kill, Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is one of the most important. MRSA is plaguing hospitals and nursing homes across the globe because ordinary staph infections are becoming resistant to generic antibiotics. The elderly population is especially at risk because it is generally associated with invasive procedures such as surgeries, intravenous tubing, and artificial joints. (20) Primarily due to weakened immunity, the growing population of senior citizens has made MRSA a global public health risk.Thankfully, one of the strongest black seed oil benefits comes to the rescue. Pakistan scientists took several strains of MRSA and discovered that each one was sensitive to N. Sativa, proving that black seed oil can help slow down or stop MRSA from spreading out of control. (21)Final Note:With all of these health benefits, I cannot think of one reason why everyone on the planet shouldn’t have black seed oil in their medicine cabinets! My favorite brand is Amazing Herb Cold-Pressed Black Seed Oil.Dr. Josh Axe is on a mission to provide you and your family with the highest quality nutrition tips and healthy recipes in the world...Sign up to get VIP access to his eBooks and valuable weekly health tips for FREE!I’m confused.My dr told me that the cold-pressed oil does not have the medicinal ingredients required for hiv that the Essential oil of Black seed has. I don’t understand what it means? What kind of oil must I take? Here in South Africa,the brand I would trust is Viridian since we don”t have any of those great brands in the UR. Is that a goog brand?I want to lose weight with black seeds pls recommend me how to use it ?? n also in how much quantity ? should I use black seed oil or seeds ?? I am eagerly waiting for ur reply . can u also tell me that in how much of time the result starts showing.I have never heard of Black Seed Oil until a few hours ago. I decided to research the information on the internet. I wonder if this precious oil will help with my chronic stuffiness. Sometimes I struggle to be able to breathe. I am desperate for help; the nasal sprays are ineffective. Thank you for the information provided.You should try Black Cumin Seed Extract by Keter Wellness. The problem many people have with taking black seed oil is the taste, even in the oil capsules. The extract capsules provide a strong form of the Black seed without the nasty taste. I agree that EVERYONE should be taking black seed, everyday. I did read that it may not be the best for pregnancy though, so my wife is currently not taking it, but I am!Products* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. If you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition, consult your physician before using this product.