3,784 job openingsRefine Your SearchSoliant Health - Farmington, NMSchool near FArmington New Mexico has a job open for a Sign Language Interpreter. Looking for someone with RID certification or EIPA of 4.0. This is a full time position at 37.5 hours per week at a n elementary school. When you take a job with Soliant, you’ll receive some of the top benefits in the industry: *Competitive pay packages designed specifically for each candidateSoliant Health - Farmington, NMTeacher of the Deaf position open near Farmington New Mexico. Will be a full time position working in an elementary school. Will work with a Sign Language Interpreter. Will need to have or be able to obtain certification in the state. Soliant is a company founded on a simple idea of respect: for you, for your time and for your talent. Apply on line here and contact me t...Soliant Health - Farmington, NMSoliant Health is currently interviewing American Sign Language interpreters for a rewarding job opportunity supporting the educational needs of primary school aged children in the Farmington, NM area for the 2015-2015 school year. Day to day to duties for this ASL Interpreter job include: Attends classes, guidance sessions, tutoring sessions, and student activitie...Soliant Health - Farmington, NMSoliant Health is currently interviewing for a Teacher of the Deaf and Hard of Hearing in the Farmington, New Mexico area for the 2015-2016 school year. Please contact Christina Lane at christina.lane@soliant.com by sending your current resume for consideration. Responsibilities: Provide an educational program for individuals with exceptional needs who require intensive instru...Soliant Health - Farmington, NMWe are in need of a Deaf and Hard of Hearing Instructor for the upcoming school year. Our client outside of Farmington, NM is looking to secure an instructor as soon as possible. The director is ready to interview and make offers immediately . Here are some details on the position: Full time hours (37.5) Elementary Caseload (one school) Requirements of the position:...Soliant Health - Farmington, NMOur client in Farmington, NM is ready to fill their need for an Educational Diagnostician for next school year. The director of special education is open to interview and make an offer immediately. Full time hours (37.5 per week) Itinerant Caseload: K-12th Here is what you need: Certification to be an Educational Diagnostician (New Mexico) Reliable transporta...Soliant Health - Farmington, NMWe are in need of an Educational Interpreter for the upcoming school year. Our client outside of Farmington, NM is looking to secure an interpreter as soon as possible. The director is ready to interview and make offers immediately . Details of the position: Full time hours (37.5) Elementary Caseload (one school) Requirements of the position: RID or EIPA of a...Soliant Health - Atlanta, GAOur client north of Atlanta is in immediate need of a Speech Therapist. The director is ready to interview for this position now. About the Position: Full Time 37.5 hours Elementary caseload Requirements of the position: Valid SLP License ASHA CCC's School based experience is a MUST (IEPs etc.) Reliable Transportation as travel between schools in the dist...Soliant Health - Chicago, ILA client of ours outside of Chicago is in serious need of a Speech Therapist. If you are in your clinical fellowship, this position is open to you. The director is ready to interview and fill this position immediately. If you are a good fit, the district will invite you back for next school year! Details on the position: Full Time-37.5 hours Middle School CaseloadSoliant Health - St. Charles, ILWe are looking for a Speech Therapist candidate to fulfill our client's desperate need. The director of a school district near St. Charles is in need of an SLP-CCC to begin this short term assignment immediately. Job Details: Full Time Hours (37.5) Itinerant Caseload of 37 students (9th-21 years) 1 high school location, 2 community schools, and 1 transitional center ...Soliant Health - St. Charles, ILWe are looking for a Speech Therapist candidate to fulfill our client's desperate need. The director of a school district near St. Charles is in need of an SLP-CCC to begin this short term assignment immediately. Job Details: Full Time Hours (37.5) Itinerant Caseload of 37 students (9th-21 years) 1 high school location, 2 community schools, and 1 transitional center ...Soliant Health - Prescott, AZWe are working with a school district outside of Prescott, AZ in need of a part time Occupational Therapist (OT) for the upcoming school year. The director is ready to interview for this position now. About the position: Part Time hours available K-12th caseload Itinerant Requirements for this position: Valid OT License (State of Arizona) Schools Experi...Soliant Health - Prescott, AZWe are working with a school district outside of Prescott, AZ in need of an Occupational Therapist (OT) for the upcoming school year. If you are looking to secure a position, this is perfect as the director is ready to interview now. About the position: Full Time Hours K-12th caseload Itinerant Requirements for this position: Valid OT License (State of Arizo...Soliant Health - Tacoma, WAPart-time Speech Therapy Contract - Short-term Soliant Health has a client in the Tacoma, Washington area that looking for a part-time SLP. This is a 3 day a week position that will last through the end of the school year. They need someone who can start immediately, so apply today! Must be licensed in the state of Washington. Responsibilities/Duties:Soliant Health - Nw Of Prescott, AZFull Time and Part Time Physical Therapy Needs One of our clients northwest of Prescott, AZ is in need of two school Physical Therapists for the upcoming school year. One of the positions will be full time and the other will be part time. This is a full school year contract, with the potential to renew for the following school year or go permanent. For information on casel...