Big Business Deluxe is a business strategy game where you build your own city, develop production, mine for resources and take care of all your workers’ needs. This game is a true business simulation which simulates real market processes.Big Business Deluxe is a high-stakes business simulation for anyone who has ever dreamed of becoming a billionaire! Build your own business empire from the ground up by constructing the city of your dreams, and rake in millions in revenue. Learn all the secrets of successful business management, build factories, manufacture products, expand your city and entertain its citizens. Make your business the most successful and prosperous in the world! The CEO’s chair is waiting for you!FeaturesControl your production and supply chains at every stageA huge selection of picturesque buildingsEarn your first million... and a lot more after that!A fast-paced business environmentEmployees continue to work for your company, even when you’re not playingGame newsSocial and mobile game developer and publisher Game Insight is celebrating St. Patrick’s Day in a big way, updating many of its mobile titles with leprechauns, pots of gold and other items and quests to help gamers feel festive. Here’s a look at some of these game updates, now available on mobile devices for a limited time.St. Patrick’s Day is a wonderful holiday celebrated all over the world, and you don’t have to be from the Emerald Isle to enjoy the festive spring feeling that comes with it. All you have to do is be light-hearted, cheerful and willing to have a good time! We at Game Insight love St. Patrick’s Day, and that’s why you’ll find a lot of leprechauns, shamrocks, pots of gold and Irish characters in our games. We invite you to share in the holiday spirit by participating in our St. Patrick’s Day events, which will be available in many of your favorite games!The most romantic holiday of them all is approaching — Valentine’s Day. Don’t forget to surprise your loved ones with gifts. We at Game Insight are all ready to surprise our players with holiday updates and events!