Whatever it was — it looked like it could be another right knee injury — Mason was forced to leave with a lower-body injury that had him limping so badly that he needed assistance to walk back to the Flyers dressing room.After the game, Mason was seen again walking with a limp while putting weight only on his left leg.Hextall said that he "doesn't believe at this point" that Mason's injury is related to a right knee issue that sidelined him for six games last month.The Flyers then headed to the airport for a flight to Montreal, while Mason was off to a train station to return to Philadelphia. He'll miss Tuesday's game in Montreal for sure, and he probably won't play Friday in Columbus or next Sunday in Buffalo.And depending on what the Flyers learn in an exam on Monday, Mason perhaps will be out a lot longer, which forces the team to go forward with Emery as their starter and 21-year-old prospect Anthony Stolarz as the backup.Stolarz was told on Sunday that he was getting called up from the AHL's Lehigh Valley Phantoms because Rob Zepp, his veteran goalie partner, suffered a right leg injury during a game on Saturday.Emery has poor numbers this season, as he's 9-9-1 with a 3.34 goals-against average and .886 save percentage. He was the winning goalie against the Caps, but in 29:31 of action he faced just six shots, stopping five of them."Ray will be fine," Flyers coach Craig Berube said. "Ray's a winner. He's been a winner and he wins game and I don't expect any difference."Mason was playing just his fifth game since returning from his knee injury. He also missed four games in December with a back issue."Sometimes those things come in waves," Hextall said. "You get injured multiple times. Other times you go years without. Obviously, we're not thrilled about it. But what are you going to do?"During Mason's previous two injuries this season, Zepp played well during call-ups from the AHL, but he suffered a right leg injury during a game on Saturday night."We gotta look beyond him," Hextall said of Zepp. "We only have one other guy under contract. You guys can probably figure that one out."The other goalie with an NHL contract is Stolarz, a 6-foot-6 first-year pro from Jackson, N.J. who is the organization's top netminder prospect.The 2012 second-round pick is 7-10-1 with a 3.04 goals-against average and .911 save percentage in 22 AHL games this season after being in goal Sunday for a 5-4 Phantoms overtime win in Hershey. He's allowed four goals in each of his last four starts.Is Stolarz ready for the NHL?"Probably not," Hextall said. "Emotion is an uplifting thing though."Stolarz was picked for a call-up over ECHL goalies Connor Knapp and Martin Ouellette of the Reading Royals because both are on AHL contracts. Knapp, 24, played two NHL games for the Buffalo Sabres last season. Ouellette, 23, is a first-year pro who has played 21 ECHL and six AHL games this season.Mason's latest injury could be a terrible blow to the Flyers' hopes of playing their way back into a playoff spot. They're 5-0-1 in their last six games, but this surge began with Mason playing very well in net five games in a row.