Life on Earth ended as Callie O’Doyle knew it six months earlier when aliens invaded much of the planet, including the quiet harbor town where she lives. As she walks home late one night from work, she comes face to face with an alien in a spacecraft who injects something into her arm. When she wakes, she’s no longer on Earth, and the male alien has brought her to his home.Although Jakara is physically appealing and doesn’t mistreat her, it’s also clear he’s taken her prisoner, and he gives her no choice but to submit. The longer Callie gives her body to this mysterious man, the more quickly her heart follows.But as their feelings for each other grow, so does the danger they’re in. Jakara broke all the rules when he took Callie for his own, and if she’s found, it will mean their death.Excerpt:Callie’s entire body trembled. She could hardly be called experienced in bed, but she wasn’t a virgin. What harm could this do? She couldn’t deny her attraction to him. But what would happen afterward? Would he go back on his word and send her to the other men to be used as a sex toy?Jakara moved closer still, and now she caught his scent. It was nothing she could identify, but it ramped up her arousal until she could hardly stand still. Every fiber of her being ached to touch him. When he cupped her face with two strong hands, she couldn’t stop the moan.“You want me. Admit it. I want to hear you say it.”“I want you,” she whispered.“You have nothing to fear from me. I can’t impregnate you, and we’re immune to your diseases.”“Okay.” She couldn’t even process what he’d just said. It didn’t matter. All she wanted was that full mouth on hers.He gazed into her eyes for a few seconds, and she had no clue what he’d done to her, but her body relaxed a bit. Then he bent his head and kissed her. Callie would have fallen if he hadn’t encircled her in strong arms. She parted her lips to let his tongue inside, and moaned loudly in the back of her throat as his teeth and tongue assaulted her mouth.The eternal question of how aliens kissed was finally answered. They kissed like nothing she’d ever experienced or imagined during long, lonely nights. She wrapped her arms around his torso, barely able to reach around him. His body was tight and warm against hers, and as he stepped closer still she felt the unmistakable bulge of a huge cock brush her abdomen.He tangled his fingers in her hair and moved his lips and tongue over hers. Callie groaned deeply as crazy desire swept through her. Her pussy was soaked, and her clit throbbed. She was going to come and all he’d done was kiss her.When he released her, his eyes were darker than they’d been earlier, and it was obvious he was trying to control his raging lust. He picked her up as if she weighed no more than a feather, and dumped her unceremoniously on the bed. As he shed his clothing, she sat up and stared at him with her mouth open. He looked human in every way, but the muscles and tats covering his body were nothing she’d ever seen. He was beyond beautiful.And his dick … red, swollen, and already dripping with pre-cum. She licked her lips, unable to tear her gaze away.