Colin Meloy of the Decemberists’ spent hiatus with his son with autismPortland, OR – Colin Meloy of the Decemberists used his band’s hiatus to focus on what he deems most important: spending time with his family and his son Hank who has autism. The band’s hiatus was announced in 2011 after promoting their sixth studio album The King is Dead.During this much needed rest from the chore of touring Meloy has been spending his time making sure his son is getting the education he needs. He tried public school but was dissatisfied.Meloy told The Guardian, that many people do manage to make the public system work for them, but that you have to be a tireless advocate for your own child.“we got tired of fighting the school, fighting insurance – because if you’re in the public system, you have to augment with private services – and it can be a little taxing.”What’s also taxing to the 40-year-old musician-turned-writer is the idea that autism is a disease to be cured and fixed.He told that autism, for his son, is a huge part of his personality and cannot be removed.“Some people are like: ‘Autism has robbed my child from me.’ Well, who is your child? Who did you want? Clearly your child was only the expression of what your child would be. With Hank, I wouldn’t trade his autism.”He further adds that although his son has faced many challenges due to his autism, it has also given him “incredible gifts and his personality is so much due to the personality he’s been given because of his autism.”According to Meloy, it’s better to embrace autism then erase autism, giving the world a fresh perspective many can agree with.Top Stories and Breaking NewsApril is Autism Awareness Month, and April 2nd is World Autism Awareness Day, so today in particular, we’re going to address reality about autism. Namely, the fact that awareness isn’t reality, and more to the point does little to help those who are actually autistic. To be aware is great, but to accept the autistic […]Well April is here and tomorrow is World Autism Awareness Day (WAAD). Many people within the autism community state that every day is Autism Awareness Day, which is true, but I think that if we have a designated day especially to raise autism awareness and acceptance, then why not embrace it? It’s all good! I hope […]Jupiter, Florida- Back in February we were very concerned to read the story concerning Jared Segal, an 18-year-old with Asperger’s syndrome who was arrested at the pet store, Petco, where he was working. Police reports state that the reason for this was because of Jared giving customers “unauthorized discounts.” He was charged with grand theft. […]