// Exclusives //George Ezra takes us to "Budapest" and back on Wanted on Voyage, his critically acclaimed debut album which quickly shot to the top of the charts in eight different countries and became the UK's third highest selling album in 2014. Now, the ...// Lists //Steve Miller found himself in the hot seat when he arrested for disorderly conduct after he lit a pile of his friend's belongings on fire and attempted to fight police who responded to the call (how good of a friend this was seems like a question ...// Most Shared //Ultra Music Festival 2015 has ditched its own native website for hosting live streams and is going with live streaming giant Twitch to webcast this weekend in a new partnership announced this week. The new deal creates a specific channel for Ultra on ...After Eminem teased a new song in the trailer for Southpaw, fans began to speculate about plans for a new album. Unfortunately, the Detroit rapper had already shot down rumors of a new Eminem album for 2015 back in January. Marshall Mathers, however, ...A posthumous CD compilation crafted by the godfather of house music, Frankie Knuckles, is being released by Defected Records with all proceeds of the sales going to the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the Frankie Knuckles Fund. The 'House Masters' ...7 Highest Priced Records on eBay Right Now: The Beatles, Robert Johnson and The Stooges IncludedIggy Azalea Has One Line in 'Furious 7'... Here It IsSociety always celebrates the records that top the Billboard 200 album chart. Back of The Billboards is a Music Times weekly segment that looks at the opposite end: the new record that finished closest to the back of the Billboard 200 for the ...Spotify Tries...and Fails...to Analyze "High-Energy" Music at Final Four Universities; Who Qualifies as "Exciting"?RECESS Festival Announced 2015 Tour DatesYoko Ono Speaks on the Death of Cynthia, John Lennon's First WifeIn a commentary submitted to Rolling Stone, Yoko Ono, the second wife of the Beatles' John Lennon, shared her thoughts on the death of Cynthia Lennon, John Lennon's first wife. ...7 Highest Priced Records on eBay Right Now: The Beatles, Robert Johnson and The Stooges IncludedOne of the most talked about and highly anticipated music documentaries has finally received its first trailer. After plenty of buzz, fans have finally gotten the first glimpse of Amy, the Amy Winehouse documentary, and it shows the story of the ...Roomful of Teeth, Constella Festival Team Up for First-Ever Music VideoViolinist Hilary Hahn Returns to Symphony Center in Chicago, Releases New Album of Concertos by Mozart and VieuxtempsSia and Wiz Khalifa to Perform on 'The Voice'"Elastic Heart" singer Sia and "See You Again" rapper Wiz Khalifa will perform their songs from film soundtracks next week on "The Voice." ...7 Highest Priced Records on eBay Right Now: The Beatles, Robert Johnson and The Stooges IncludedJack White made headlines last week when he announced that he was the bidder who spent $300,000 for the acetate of Elvis Presley's original single, a 7" pressing from Sun Records featuring "My Happiness" and "That's When Your Heartaches Begin," and ...Steve Miller found himself in the hot seat when he arrested for disorderly conduct after he lit a pile of his friend's belongings on fire and attempted to fight police who responded to the call (how good of a friend this was seems like a question ...Country Fans in The UK Chafe at Bro-Country as Well; New Guardian Editorial Lambasts State of GenreCivil Wars Singer Joy Williams Annouces Solo Album 'Venus'The indie world was crushed in August when The Civil Wars disbanded. The news came a few years after the duo of John Paul White and Joy Williams went on hiatus, making the breakup official and killing hopes of a new album. It may not be The Civil ...Jennifer Lopez on Selena: 'Gone Too Soon' - Reflecting on Her Life & Death as the 20th Anniversary NearsSociety always celebrates the records that top the Billboard 200 album chart. Back of The Billboards is a Music Times weekly segment that looks at the opposite end: the new record that finished closest to the back of the Billboard 200 for the ...// Shuffle //Wilco is no fan of Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act, and even though the "Hate It Here" band protested the law earlier this week by cancelling its May 7 concert at The Murat in Indianapolis, Jeff Tweedy and co. have now had a ...Iggy Azalea has her first real acting gig in this weekend's Furious 7, but don't expect the "Trouble" singer to win an Oscar for her role. As the Paul Walker/Vin Diesel film opens in theaters today (April 3), the full extent of Azalea's appearance ...Carly Rae Jepsen will be performing for the first time on Saturday Night Live this weekend with host Michael Keaton. Most recently, she dropped the Tom Hanks and Justin Bieber-featuring video for her single "I Really Like You" with a new album on the ...