Welcome to Our San Francisco, a yearlong project looking at 150 years of the city’s history. Each week a different topic will be explored in the newspaper, on sfchronicle.com, in Peter Hartlaub’s The Big Event blog at SFGate.com and on social media (hashtag #OurSF). This week’s topic: Best S.F. moviesAll too often in San Francisco movies, directors settle on repetitive views from Telegraph Hill, the Golden Gate Bridge or Treasure Island — with the camera angled west toward the city’s skyline.More valuable are the filmmakers who use their movie to give a tour of the city and creatively capture the place and time. You’ve probably already seen “Dirty Harry,” “Vertigo” and “The Towering Inferno.” But have you seen the dark beauty of San Francisco in “Experiment in Terror”?Here are six underappreciated San Francisco films. Each shows wonderful angles of the city in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. The website www.reelsf.com is a great resource for little-known San Francisco films and shooting locations.The Sniper (1952) The roaming serial-killer plot offers a lot of focused views of the city, starting at Telegraph Hill. There are good looks at Spreckels Mansion and a much less overgrown Buena Vista Park as well.It Came From Beneath the Sea (1955) A sci-fi disaster film worth watching for the stop-motion effects of Ray Harryhausen, who created a convincing siege of the Golden Gate Bridge, Ferry Building and Market Street — despite budget constraints that forced him to animate a six-legged octopus.The Lineup (1958) Based on the TV police procedural, the film’s often wobbly story line transports its good guys and bad guys to some wonderful locations, including Sutro Baths, the War Memorial Opera House, the Embarcadero Freeway and even the Embarcadero YMCA.The Conversation (1974) Overshadowed by the release of “The Godfather, Part II,” this Francis Ford Coppola masterpiece starts the tense action in Union Square and uses visuals and superior sound design to capture the mood of the city. My pick for the best S.F. movie of all time.Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978) Director Philip Kaufman has always picked locations that are off the S.F. filmmaker beaten path. In this solid horror thriller, Kaufman contributes spectacular shots of the city’s skyline, while the Civic Center and Tenderloin are cast in dreary perfection.