Today's mission will deliver NASA's Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) into orbit, but the real interesting stuff will be a lot closer to Earth. After the DSCOVR observatory is dropped off in the heavens, the SpaceX team will again attempt an upright landing of its 14-story first-stage rocket onto an unanchored 300-by-100-foot "autonomous spaceport drone ship" floating in the middle of the ocean. This may sound like a sizeable target, but keep in mind that the rocket has a 70-foot legspan, so there's not a lot of room for error here.(And let's also not forget that the rocket will attempt to plant itself on this floating target from space.)Last month's Falcon 9 mission successfully sent an unmanned package to the International Space Station. Unfortunately, while the Falcon 9 rocket did successfully make impact with the drone ship, it landed a bit too hard and exploded, as you can see in Vine below (turn on the audio for the full effect):Today's liftoff is tentatively scheduled for 6 p.m. EST and we have embedded the livestream above. Coverage begins at 3:30 p.m. EST.The Falcon 9 rocket has previously proven its ability to delicately land its first stage rocket on its end, however it has only acheived a "soft landing" into the ocean with a targeted landing accuracy of 10 km (around 6 miles). For today's mission, the SpaceX team is targeting a landing accuracy of within 10 meters (a little less than 33 feet for you Americans, or just over 10 yards if you're into football).Here's footage of a Falcon 9 mission from August in which the first-stage rocket returned from space and slowly descended fully upright into the Atlantic Ocean:There are no easy parts of today's mission. After propelling its payload into space and separating from the second stage rocket, the large first stage rocket will begin its descent back to Earth. The tricky part here is stabilizing the rocket as it goes to battle with the atmosphere (if you recall Felix Baumgartner's chaotic, spintastic space jump from 2013, you might remember some of the forces the rocket will be facing). The SpaceX team likens stabilizing the rocket to "trying to balance a rubber broomstick on your hand in the middle of a wind storm."This straightening-out will be achieved (if all goes according to plan) through a number of "retro propulsion" burns that, along with the natural drag of the atmosphere, will slow the vehicle's descent speed from 1,300 m/s to just 2 m/s (or from just under 3,000 mph to just over 4 mph).And then, keep in mind that the unanchored platform is itself a moving target that will shift and shimmy with the ocean waves.So, why go through all this trouble? It's all about bringing affordable and routine space travel into reality. Previous generations of rockets were designed to burn up during re-entry. SpaceX has designed its rockets to not only survive re-entry, but to be easily salvageable and reused. If these giant rockets can be more than one-flight stands, this would bring down the cost of space travel considerably.Right now, it costs around $2,000 to send a pound of anything into space, SpaceX hopes that reusable stages will bring that price down below $1,000.Even if this groundbreaking (seriously, no pun intended) landing doesn't work, Musk and Co. are dedicated to the reusable rocket concept. SpaceX has at least a dozen launches planned over the next year as the company attempts to make. it. work.That's all the unfortunate price of innovation. However, you may take some celestial solace in the following hopeful notion: we are living in a time with an ever-widening field of players are joining the space game. They will all learn from each other, build on one another's innovations, and hopefully propel our species far into space where it should have been long ago.With roots as a community organizer in Chicago, Evan rose through the ranks of Illinois state politics being elected to serve as President of United States in 2008. In addition to ending U.S. involvement in unwise overseas military operations and rebuilding the national economy from a devastating recession, Evan has been writing about tech since 2010, and writing everything else since the 90s. You can follow his thought sneezes over on the Twitter (@haldash). More »Automatic Renewal Program: Your subscription will continue without interruption for as long as you wish, unless you instruct us otherwise. Your subscription will automatically renew at the end of the term unless you authorize cancellation. Each year, you'll receive a notice and you authorize that your credit/debit card will be charged the annual subscription rate(s). You may cancel at any time during your subscription and receive a full refund on all unsent issues. If your credit/debit card or other billing method can not be charged, we will bill you directly instead. Contact Customer Service