Wednesday, November 12, 2014Op-ed: Tying Obama's Lies Together By: Diane SoriSo many lies...so much betrayal on so many levels...and now threats against Congress to do his amnesty reform bidding or else. And this man is still president...all I can say is...why.Let's examine four current issues out of the countless many that Barack HUSSEIN Obama has betrayed or lied to 'We the People' about.First, let's start with Obama's playing the 'race card' as he so loves to do, as he is now pushing the envelope with his helping to perpetrate the lie about racism in Ferguson, Missouri yet this lame-duck Congress remains mum to it all. After the justified shooting by one white police officer of one black thug, (I believe) Obama's cleverly crafted plan to orchestrate a 'race war' over false accusations of racism was set in motion by he and his cronies. After the residents of Ferguson ignored the reality that the officer acted in self-defense, professional paid agitators started turning up in Ferguson... agitators like the New Black Panthers that Obama and his crony AG Eric 'Fast and Furious' Holder looked away to as they dismissed then white-washed...pun intended...charges of voter intimidation leveled against them.And isn't it odd that amongst the agitators who turned up in Ferguson are reported to be a number of the 'supposed' misplaced by the government Mexican ILLEGALS...most of whom are gang members, thugs, and hoodlums and possibly armed with guns secured during the 'Fast and Furious' fiasco. And now imagine the threatened violence becoming reality if the grand jury finds NO reason to indict Officer Darren Wilson...which I believe will be the case if the jury has NOT been 'bought' that is...and some innocent person gets killed by one of those weapons...that would then lay at Obama's feet as well.Now in China at the 21-member Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Leaders’ Summit to try and cut deals with Asian-Pacific leaders to work against a Chinese-proposed free trade pact...to Obama's chagrin the APEC leaders instead of siding with the U.S. and with his proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (as they previously would have done) agreed to a Chinese proposed two-year study of the Free-Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific rim. Yet even after being so outwardly rebuffed, this man still allowed deals to be made that extending Chinese visas in our country but NEVER brought up American journalistic freedoms of reporting in China in this deal...shades of NEVER mentioning Sgt. Andrew Tahmoorissi in all his phone calls to Mexico's President Nieto I would say.And all this was done after he dressed in Chinese attire...pandering I would suppose...and bowed his head to communist Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan. Remember, Obama has a long and tainted history of bowing to foreign leaders, especially to Arab leaders and America's enemies...as he forgets...on purpose I'm sure...that an American president bows to NO one. Now happily relishing in further embarrassing the U.S. on the world stage with that deep bowing of his head to the Chinese president, this sitting Congress while NOT actually bowing their heads to the traitor-in-chief instead chooses to turn their heads sideways and look away.And let's NOT forget Obama's stance on the issue of net neutrality. Saying that, "an open Internet is essential to the American economy, and increasingly to our very way of life," what Obama is NOT saying is that most believe that net neutrality does NOT help anyone because it prevents people from doing so-called 'legitimate' things on the internet. And if Obama is a proponent of something, you just know that something has to be bad for America.Remember, net neutrality is just another way to control 'We the People' and what we have access to. And while most Americans erroneously believe net neutrality is just a way of making sure that the internet is NOT censored...thanks to the Obama controlled media telling us so...net neutrality is actually a way of allowing internet providers themselves to filter and censor content that 'they' and 'they' alone think is illegal, or slow down content that 'they' think is taking up too much cyber-space. This in turn gives the federal government controlled FCC way too much power over the internet 'superhighway' allowing them to dictate what 'We the People' can or CANNOT see.As Texas Senator Ted Cruz says, "Net Neutrality is Obamacare for the Internet; the Internet should not operate at the speed of government," and I so agree that net neutrality is simply a government takeover of the internet...meaning that the internet would be regulated like any other public utility. And we all know how Obama loves to regulate our lives, so much so that he is advocating to reclassify internet providers and regulate them under Title II of the Communications Act. Fitting right into his plan to further regulate every aspect of our lives, Obama has once again betrayed the trust we should have in our president.And lastly, Barack HUSSEIN Obama...the man who claimed his administration would be the most transparent in history is...to put it simply...a liar...a calculatingly deceitful and malicious liar whose goal is to hurt 'We the People' any way he can. As per the recent statement by ObamaCare architect Jonathan Gruber, who admitted that the legislation was "intentionally complex and misleading" in order to pass Congress with limited outrage from the “stupid American public"...Obama's lies in his 'supposed' selling points included his true Pinocchio moment when he stood before the "stupid American public" and said if you like your health care plan and doctors you could keep your health care plan and doctors, and we bought it hook, line, and sinker.And when you add in the lies told about the average premiums under ObamaCare decreasing by about $2,500 in the first year alone...the lies about ObamaCare being budget-neutral as it was neither a tax nor a penalty...the lies about 'death panels' that do indeed exist...just ask any cancer patient trying to get into the limited number of clinical trials left after those trials have been pillaged raw so their monies could be funneled into yet more freebies and handouts for the party loyal 'sponges' of our society...you can see that the lies about his deemed signature piece of legislature were done solely to screw the "stupid American public."And while there are so many more instances where this president has betrayed and lied to the American people one fact remains...Congress as it now sits is complicit in his lies and betrayals as they have done NOTHING to stop him or call him to task. Hopefully though with Tuesday's shellacking things might change...at least I have my fingers crossed that they do but I'm NOT holding my breath that they will. ________________________________________________Today from 2 to 4pm EST on RIGHT SIDE PATRIOTS on CPR Worldwide Media Craig and Diane will discuss the possible impending riots in Ferguson MO, Obama's trip to China, the now infamous "stupid American people" comment made by the architect of ObamaCare, and other important issues of the day. Hope you can join us....http://cprworldwidemedia.com/live-radioGood show today, Diane! The story of that man calling the "liberal" voters idiots was priceless. I am afraid that our leaders will not stop Obama. I don't know if they fear him because of the African American connection and being called racists or what they fear. I take the stand that if calling something what is be called racist then so be it! I would gladly be a racist of truth.An elderly friend gets medical treatments every month. A year ago, his co-pay was $3.00. Then it went up.... $6.00, then $30.00 and now $140.00Obama cut 500 billion dollars from Medicare to finance his other agendas, and now we have the cost-effective death panels spoken of by Sarah Palin.The Patriot FactorI’m an American Patriot who refuses to let our beloved country be changed into something unrecognizable to us by a man who wants to radically change and destroy our America and take away our children’s future. We patriots ARE the grassroots movement and we bloggers must spread the truth about the corrupt and traitorous Obama regime and his sanctioned islamization of America before it’s too late. I'm also co-host with Craig Andresen of RIGHT SIDE PATRIOTS on CPR Worldwide Media and co-head of CPR's Journalism Department again with Craig Andresen.