An idea that is beginning to gain a lot of favour in educational circles at the moment is the notion of fixed versus growth mindsets, and how they might relate to students and learning. Based on the work of Stanford University psychologist, Carol Dweck, the idea of mindset is related to our understanding of where ability comes from. It has recently been seized upon by educators as a tool to explore our knowledge of student achievement, and ways that such achievement might be improved.However, in my work, I have found that the notion of developing a growth mindset is as equally applicable to staff and teacher performance as it is to students. This article begins with a brief discussion about the difference between the two mindsets, what that means for education, and concludes with some ideas for how school leaders might seek to develop a growth mindset amongst their staff.The New Psychology of Success (2000), Dweck developed a continuum upon which people can be placed, based upon their understandings about where ability comes from. For some people (at one end of said continuum), success (and failure) is based on innate ability (or the lack of it). Deck describes this as a fixed theory of intelligence, and argues that this gives rise to a ‘fixed mindset’. At the other end of the continuum are those people who believe success is based on a growth mindset. These individuals argue that success is based on learning, persistence and hard work.According to Dweck:In a fixed mindset students believe their basic abilities, their intelligence, their talents, are just fixed traits. They have a certain amount and that’s that, and then their goal becomes to look smart all the time and never look dumb. In a growth mindset students understand that their talents and abilities can be developed through effort, good teaching and persistence. They don’t necessarily think everyone’s the same or anyone can be Einstein, but they believe everyone can get smarter if they work at it (Morehead 2012).The crucial point for individuals is that these mindsets have a large impact upon our understanding of success and failure. Fixed mindset people dread failure, feeling that it reflects badly upon themselves as individuals, while growth mindset people instead embrace failure as an opportunity to learn and improve their abilities.Needless to say, this idea of mindsets has significant implications for education. One of the most important aspects relates to feedback. According to Dweck, when we give praise to students (which we, as teachers often do, in order to build self-esteem and encourage students) for how clever they are, we might actually be encouraging them to develop a fixed mindset - which might limit their learning potential. On the other hand, if we praise students for the hard work and the process that they’ve engaged in, then that helps to develop a growth potential.We have to really send the right messages, that taking on a challenging task is what I admire. Sticking to something and trying many strategies, that’s what I admire. That struggling means you’re committed to something and are willing to work hard. Parents around the dinner table and teachers in the classroom should ask, ‘Who had a fabulous struggle today? (Morehead 2012)This praise can have significant effects upon students: citing longtitudinal studies with Year 7 maths students, Dweck has shown how students with a growth mindset are far more likely to take on more challenging work and succeed at it than students with a fixed mindset - even if all other factors remain the same.Dweck (and others) put this down to the development of self that takes place as different mindsets develop. With a fixed mindset, there are feelings of powerlessness and learned helplessness. This can lead to the development of a self-defeating identity, accompanied by toxic personal statements like ‘I can’t do this’ or ‘I’m not clever enough.’On the other hand, a growth mindset amongst students is likely to encourage them to develop feelings of empowerment - students begin to see how they might take action to positively influence their community and their own learning.Mindsets predict motivation and achievement amongst students according to some research, too:Students with a growth mindset were more motivated to learn and exert effort, and outperformed those with a fixed mindset in math—a gap that continued to increase over the two-year period. Those with the two mindsets had entered 7th grade with similar past achievement, but because of their mindsets their math grades pulled apart during this challenging time. (Blackwell, Trzesniewski and Dweck, 2007).Crucially, Dweck’s research is applicable to all people, not just students. Therefore, school leaders could ask themselves what effect might developing a growth mindset amongst staff have upon learning in a school? Fortunately, a number of educators and teachers have already begun to explore what this might look like for teachers.ModellingAccording to Jackie Gerstein, teachers, like the students they teach, can learn to develop a growth mindset, but this requires careful planning by school management. The most obvious way of applying a growth mindset to teacher professional development is through modelling. Gerstein has run a number of professional development courses that seek to instruct teachers in how to model a growth mindset amongst students and one of her key principles is encouraging teachers to see themselves as learners, and, just like students are all capable of learning and improving, so too are teachers (Gerstein 2014)Create space for new ideasA second principle requires that schools provide opportunities for teachers to try new things and make mistakes. This can seem daunting for teachers, but it is essential for developing a growth mindset - after all, one of the key principles of such a mindset is the willingness to try new approaches. As part of creating this space, it is important to begin with the learning in mind; that is, what will teachers and the school learn as part of the process, rather than whether the new idea is going to be a success or a failure.Build time for self-reflectionWhile creating space for new ideas is important, it is only part of the process of developing a growth mindset. Linked to it, and equally vital, is providing a chance for teachers to reflect upon their new ideas and consider what they learned from the process. Ideally, this reflection should focus less on whether the idea was a success or a failure, but rather on what the teacher learnt from the process.Formative FeedbackTeacher performance management processes can often be quite awkward and distressing experiences; however, by viewing the process as part of a growth mindset - that is, making it formative, rather than summative, and inviting participation of the teacher in the process, the feedback can be more meaningful and applicable to the teacher’s daily practice.Developing a Growth Mindset amongst students is not an immediate process; rather, it will take a concerted effort on behalf of teachers and the rest of the schooling community. Equally, encouraging teachers to see themselves in the same way will equally take a lengthy period of time; however, there are significant benefits to be had form leveraging these ideas.Director, Antioch University New England Center for School Renewal, Author of Facilitating Authentic Learning, Director of the Antioch Critical Skills ProgramFacilitatorI find that it's so hard for some teachers to accept the idea that they're engaged in a parallel learning process with their kids and that they basic rules that govern student learning apply to adult learning as well. Once they accept that it's true that they're learning how to teach an ever-changing group of young people in ever-changing contexts, they can accept that being a "good teacher" is about bringing their best professional self- their best learning self- to the work they do. I wonder, though, if this partially tricky because teachers tend to identify teaching as and identity rather than a task. If you ask a teacher what he does, he'll say "I'm a teacher," not "I teach." It's who they are, not what they do. That seems to lend itself to a fixed mindset, doesn't it?That's a great point, Laura T. And I think we educators can too easily get paralyzed by the "we've always done it this way" attitude. How many teachers resist learning new technology because of fears that it's too difficult, that they just can't learn something new? The best way for us to convince our kids of a growth mindset is for us to model it ourselves. We need to show kids that we are still eager to keep learning, and that we believe we are capable of tackling and mastering something new.As a teacher I would teach growth mindset v fixed mindset to my social studies students after their first exam of the year. We would talk about how hard they worked(in some cases, didn't) and what that level of input earned them. This would then become a basis for their achievement; consistently having them reflect on their current level of input on tasks and assignments and how it related to their output. When students would describe a task as too challenging I would ask them to think in a growth mindset, to not fear failure or challenge. We then created a classroom culture that considered failures to be a good thing, as long as the same action wasn't repeated time and time again. I have recently transitioned into a role as an administrator. I am really excited about using the same practice with the staff. It is such a simple thought, but it is something that would have never crossed my mind. The process has to be considerably different with adults, specifically teachers. However, I can't wait to start planning how this can be integrated into my daily practice.I work in an inner city school which serves minorities from a low social-economic background. Our students have struggled to keep up with the demands and expectations of the implementation of common core. Daily, many of the sixth graders I teach struggle to comprehend tasks that are far above their third and fourth grade reading levels. My school administrators introduced teachers and staff to the concept of growth mindset verses fixed mindset at the start of the school year. As educators, we are all aware of the challenges set before us. However, I would like to believe that we all want to make a major difference for the futures of these young people. Since my introduction to growth mindset, I continue to try to model perseverance and reflect on my ability to influence student achievement. I would agree that for a school to change the adults must adapt a cultural expectation of growth. As testing season quickly approaches, I will focus on messaging, specifically the importance of sticking to something and trying many strategies.Helping students and parents understand a growth mindset can be challenging. I often find that students will attempt to understand a concept once and give up despite opportunities to learn from their initial experience.First & Second Grade Teacher/Adjunct faculty Antioch University New EnglandFacilitatorI believe a growth mindset (for students as well as educators) should ideally be cultivated early in careers. When I do technology professional development work I always stress to the educators that making mistakes in front of the students is not only likely, but a fantastic teachable moment. For example, when we have a tough part of our day behaviorally, I model for my students early in the reflection circle what I made a mistake on and what I will do different next time. There isn't a day that goes by where I don't share with my students that making mistakes is more than ok, it is necessary for real honest growth and learning. Our students are fortunate that most of the school buys into this concept. I also work hard to develop this frame of mind in parents as well through parent conferences and email conversations. Now if I can just get ALL my students' middle and high school teachers to do the same. ;)This is a nice article. As said above, it may be a good idea to add "growth mindset" to a job requirement. Furthermore, to heighten the importance of such requirement, it should be deliberately discussed in an interview. While growth mindset sounds like something new, let us understand that it is essentially project-based learning with student-centered pedagogy - modeling and messy work, student autonomy and self-reflection, and dialogical approach and formative feedback. A possible approach for ensuring the effectiveness of employing growth mindset is with teacher assessment. This begs me to ask, how would a teacher use growth mindset as it applies to the pygmalion effect?First & Second Grade Teacher/Adjunct faculty Antioch University New EnglandFacilitatorA growth mindset is what got me my current teaching position. I attempted to teach a writing lesson to 2nd grade students for my interview lesson. Lets just say it didn't go well- partly because the school was not at a level of writing I was accustomed to for those grades. Plus- what was I thinking doing a writing lesson of all things? Anyway, after I got home I reflected on what I would do different next time with that group in an email to the principal. At this point I figured there was NO CHANCE I would get hired. Six months after I was hired she told me it was my reflective nature which secured me the job among more highly qualified candidates. She valued my focus on continuous improvement over experience. In my first few days of work I did find there was another reason that lesson was not successful. Luckily that group left my room in MUCH better shape than when they arrived. ;)I work in an inner city school which serves minorities from a low social-economic background. Our students have struggled to keep up with the demands and expectations of the implementation of common core. Daily, many of the sixth graders I teach struggle to comprehend tasks that are far above their third and fourth grade reading levels. My school administrators introduced teachers and staff to the concept of growth mindset verses fixed mindset at the start of the school year. As educators, we are all aware of the challenges set before us. However, I would like to believe that we all want to make a major difference for the futures of these young people. Since my introduction to growth mindset, I continue to try to model perseverance and reflect on my ability to influence student achievement. I would agree that for a school to change the adults must adapt a cultural expectation of growth. As testing season quickly approaches, I will focus on messaging, specifically the importance of sticking to something and trying many strategies.Director, Antioch University New England Center for School Renewal, Author of Facilitating Authentic Learning, Director of the Antioch Critical Skills ProgramFacilitatorI find that it's so hard for some teachers to accept the idea that they're engaged in a parallel learning process with their kids and that they basic rules that govern student learning apply to adult learning as well. Once they accept that it's true that they're learning how to teach an ever-changing group of young people in ever-changing contexts, they can accept that being a "good teacher" is about bringing their best professional self- their best learning self- to the work they do. I wonder, though, if this partially tricky because teachers tend to identify teaching as and identity rather than a task. If you ask a teacher what he does, he'll say "I'm a teacher," not "I teach." It's who they are, not what they do. That seems to lend itself to a fixed mindset, doesn't it?As a teacher I would teach growth mindset v fixed mindset to my social studies students after their first exam of the year. We would talk about how hard they worked(in some cases, didn't) and what that level of input earned them. This would then become a basis for their achievement; consistently having them reflect on their current level of input on tasks and assignments and how it related to their output. When students would describe a task as too challenging I would ask them to think in a growth mindset, to not fear failure or challenge. We then created a classroom culture that considered failures to be a good thing, as long as the same action wasn't repeated time and time again. I have recently transitioned into a role as an administrator. I am really excited about using the same practice with the staff. It is such a simple thought, but it is something that would have never crossed my mind. The process has to be considerably different with adults, specifically teachers. However, I can't wait to start planning how this can be integrated into my daily practice.I find that "growth mindset" has become a common-usage rallying point for many educators who want to change how schools operate. They have realized that growth is an indication that learning is taking place, and that adults who do not want to learn and grow may no longer have a place in the educational framework. For those educators, a growth mindset has become part of the job description. It is therefore somewhat straight forward to anticipate if a school or school system has the potential to change: is there, in fact, a cultural expectation of growth amongst the adults?