Former Oregon University Student Charged For Making a Porn Video in Campus LibraryA nineteen-year old woman faces a possible one-year jail term and a fine of up to US$6000 after a filming a porn video of herself in the library on campus at Oregon State University. After the video surfaced on adult sites, she was subsequently issued with a citation for public indecency.Kenrda Sunderland is alleged to have filmed the bare-all peep-show-type video last year. She can be seen exposing her breasts and at one point, even masturbating briefly as other students walk by behind her in the library. It appears that only recently has someone brought the video to the attention of the police.According to New York Daily News, the teen was enrolled as a freshman in a human development and family science program. The young woman has since dropped out of the program but apparently this is completely unrelated to the video.School spokesman, Steve Clark told New York Daily News that he believes this to be the only time such a thing has happened. “To my knowledge, there have not been any other instances of an adult video being filmed or created on campus,” Clark said.Some people continue to make not of the fact that the school’s sporting team is called “the Beavers”, but Mr Clark insists that there is nothing funny about the incident, calling the video “very unfortunate” and somewhat predictably says the university “does not condone such behaviour”.As we can all no doubt imagine, the seventeen-minute video has caused quite a stir amongst the university’s students. It still remains unclear as to why, or for whom, she made the video in the first place. There have been suggestions that she may have done it for private reasons although it did end up on Porn.Hub.com, but has since been removed.“It’s the buzz around campus,” Oregon State University student, Clifford Harris said, according to kezi.com. “Everyone is talking about it. And I don’t think it was a very appropriate thing to do”.The students told kezi.com that they originally found out about the existence of the video via social networking websites, Facebook and Twitter, and the phone app Yik Yak.“My friend sent me a text about it,” another OSU student, Rich Rogers told kezi.com. “At first I thought it was a joke. And then all of a sudden it was like, oh no, it’s real. After I realized it was real, I was more shocked that it happened. That kind of stuff you do in private and not in public. Ever”.The university insists that it has security patrolling the building of its campus at all times but considering the size of the place, it is impossible to monitor everywhere at once. “Imagine six floors; 340,000 square feet,” said Steve Clark “It’s used by 30,000 people on average every week”.It might seem a strange conclusion however, it must be said that it remains to be seen if anyone was actually hurt by the incident, as Mr Clark finished by saying; “We want our students to feel safe. And we want to encourage anyone on campus – even the public – to contact police immediately if they see anything unusual on campus. Call 911 if it’s an emergency”.A nineteen-year old woman faces a possible one-year jail term and a fine of up to US$6000 after a filming a porn video of herself in the library on campus at Oregon State University. After the video surfaced on adult sites, she was subsequently issued with a citation for public indecency.Kenrda Sunderland is alleged to have filmed the bare-all peep-show-type video last year. She can be seen exposing her breasts and at one point, even masturbating briefly as other students walk by behind her in the library. It appears that only recently has someone brought the video to the attention of the police.According to New York Daily News, the teen was enrolled as a freshman in a human development and family science program. The young woman has since dropped out of the program but apparently this is completely unrelated to the video.School spokesman, Steve Clark told New York Daily News that he believes this to be the only time such a thing has happened. “To my knowledge, there have not been any other instances of an adult video being filmed or created on campus,” Clark said.Some people continue to make not of the fact that the school’s sporting team is called “the Beavers”, but Mr Clark insists that there is nothing funny about the incident, calling the video “very unfortunate” and somewhat predictably says the university “does not condone such behaviour”.As we can all no doubt imagine, the seventeen-minute video has caused quite a stir amongst the university’s students. It still remains unclear as to why, or for whom, she made the video in the first place. There have been suggestions that she may have done it for private reasons although it did end up on Porn.Hub.com, but has since been removed.“It’s the buzz around campus,” Oregon State University student, Clifford Harris said, according to kezi.com. “Everyone is talking about it. And I don’t think it was a very appropriate thing to do”.The students told kezi.com that they originally found out about the existence of the video via social networking websites, Facebook and Twitter, and the phone app Yik Yak.“My friend sent me a text about it,” another OSU student, Rich Rogers told kezi.com. “At first I thought it was a joke. And then all of a sudden it was like, oh no, it’s real. After I realized it was real, I was more shocked that it happened. That kind of stuff you do in private and not in public. Ever”.The university insists that it has security patrolling the building of its campus at all times but considering the size of the place, it is impossible to monitor everywhere at once. “Imagine six floors; 340,000 square feet,” said Steve Clark “It’s used by 30,000 people on average every week”.It might seem a strange conclusion however, it must be said that it remains to be seen if anyone was actually hurt by the incident, as Mr Clark finished by saying; “We want our students to feel safe. And we want to encourage anyone on campus – even the public – to contact police immediately if they see anything unusual on campus. Call 911 if it’s an emergency”.