Fun, crazy, beautiful, witty, sarcastic, loving, kind, stupid funny, precious, good-catch, smart, kinda psychic, loves to be looney, loves chocolate way too much, eyes the color of the carribean, empathetic, a girl you can't live without, once you've met her...you can't get her out of your mind. Once you've kissed her, you're hooked. When she falls in love with someone, she falls hard and deep and will stay by you forever...unless you do some dumb shit. She loves to laugh, play, and have fun. You don't want to ever see or make her cry. True inner beauty, loves God, babies, and small animals. Hates spiders and roaches. Loves to cook and bake...a very good mother. Total package.usually blonde with big brown intense eyes. an amazing friend and very sympthatic. good listener and gives good advice. you can usually trust them with anything. very sweet girl who is faithful but not innocent. cares very much about the person they love but just doesn't know how to show it. Not a whore but somehow tends to be amazing in bed. really knows how to seduce a guy and turn them on. beautiful face, cute, fun, and bubbly personality with a banging body. knows how to have fun, and is a little bit of a trouble maker!a BEAUTIFUL girl with the most ADORABLE voice that would simply make your day. her CUTE laughter would just leave you with a feeling that you can't describe, like the look of a rose, the smell of the rain, or the feeling of forever.A name only given to the best of the best. Heather is honest, down to earth and straight-up amazing. Often underestimated, she pushes to succeed. She may not always live up to your expectations but you learn to live with it. She's very underappreciated until you realize what she does for everyone. Everyone loves this girl except a select few who want to make everything bad for her. Once you're a good friend of Heather's, you'll never want to leave her side. But she'll never leave yours either. She has many boys wanting her but she's not the type to brag about it. Not a whore but definitely not innocent. Her private life is known only to her closest friends. Heather's are beautiful, passionate, humorous, charismatic, lively girls with a contagious smile that will make your day. You don't want to lose her. To say she's amazing would be an understatement.