PagesFriday, 3 April 2015If you follow me on Instagram, you would have seen a few snaps of our holiday at Bluestone, Wales. I do apologize for all of the picture spam, but it was such a lovely place, and it's very hard not to upload a million photographs. We were invited along as one of their #bluestonebloggers in exchange for our honest review. I know I won't be able to fit it into one blog post, as we had such a lovely time, and did so much. So I have broken it down into a daily diary.The journey from home to wales took us about 5 hours. We set off at 10:30am and arrived about 4pm. We did stop off for some lunch which gave Emily a chance to get out of the car and have a stretch. I can't sing her praises enough, she was as good as gold on the journey to Wales. I have to admit I was dreading the drive with a baby because it was such a long way, but she pretty much slept the whole time. The check in time isn't until 4:30pm, however you are welcome to arrive from 11am and can make use of everything that Bluestone has to offer, including the use of the Blue Lagoon and adventure center. The drive to Wales was fairly easy and stress free for us, and luckily we didn't run into any traffic problems. I have to say I have never been to Wales before, and driving through to get to Bluestones it looked so beautiful. We went to the nearest Tesco to pick up a few bits before checking in. Bluestone is a self-catering establishment, although it does have places to eat on site and a takeaway service. We planned to eat out just once, and have lunch out once. We thought the drive through check in system was a good idea, however when we arrived at 4:30 everyone else seemed to be checking in too. There was a really long queue of traffic, and it would of been nice to have the option of pulling over somewhere there because Emily was getting very unsettled, which made the whole thing a little stressful.We were allocated a two bedroom lodge called Ramsey lodge, which was located on Bartholomew Rise, number 24 to be precise. The lady at the check in gave us a welcome pack, and told us how to get to our lodge. Inside the pack was a resort map, a village map, resort booklet and an activity timetable. I was impressed at how helpful the staff were at Bluestone. The lady who checked us in marked where our lodge was on our map, and told us how to get there which we did with ease. She then proceeded to tell us that we could take our car in to unload, but it had to be returned to the long stay car park before midnight. I actually loved the fact it was a car free site, as it was so much quieter. Sam said it was nice to have a couple days break from driving. If we wanted to go anywhere we could access the car, but we only ventured off site one day. If you however have a medical condition that means you need your car, or you're pregnant, the staff will allow you to have your car outside your lodge. You can also hire a buggy for £80 (for the week). We decided not to, but if you aren't a fan of walking or steep hills I would definitely recommend that you hire one. Obviously Emily isn't walking yet (would be a miracle if she was at this age) so we took her Oyster Max with us. I would definitely recommend taking a stroller with you if you have toddlers. Those steep hills are a little bit too much for little feet.Ramsey lodge has two bedrooms. A double bedroom with an en suite, which had a bath with an over head shower. The second room was a twin bedroom with a wet room. All the lodges come with linen and towels. They also provided a travel cot, and a highchair for Emily. However you need to take along your own bed linen for the cot, and if you would like a mattress you should take one too. I used the spare duvet off the bed, and folded it up so it was comfortable for Emily, I then put her sheet over the top. She slept really well, so I presume it was comfortable enough for her.My favourite thing about the lodge was the upside down living, The living area was upstairs to take advantage of the gorgeous views that Bluestone has to offer. The lodge was really clean, and it felt really cosy. They're was a large dining table and kitchen, which came with the standard appliances you would need, and even a dishwasher, which Sam was pretty happy about as we don't have one at home. We had planned to self cater while we were there, which we did do for three out of four nights. There was also stair gates on both the top and bottom of the stairs, which were really useful, and obviously if you have toddlers it is a really important. There is also a television and DVD player at the lodge, which came in useful for Emily's in the night garden DVD. If I was going to be make one change, I would put child locks on the cupboards, just because they are low to the ground, I could see Emily pulling everything out if she was bigger. How could I forget, there is also WiFi throughout the site, which you can connect to. The WiFi was actually pretty good, I managed to keep up to date with my social media platforms, and my blog. By the time we arrived, checked in and unpacked it was getting a little late, we decided to have a little look around, and then head back to the lodge for Emily's bath and then put her to bed. I felt like our first day was a little wasted just because we spent pretty much all day traveling.TipsDon't forget to take a tea towel, and a hairdryer as these are not provided.It is also recommended that you take your own towels to take to the Blue Lagoon.Bluestone provide you with a starter kit which contained, 3 dishwasher tablets, a tiny bottle of washing up liquid, dish towel, dish cloth, scourer and one additional bin bag for each bin. I would definitely recommend taking extra washing up liquid as we felt that there wasn't enough for the length of our stay.Wednesday, 1 April 2015Easter is such a fun time of the year, it's a time where you have a reason to eat chocolate although who needs a reason? It's also a brilliant time to do crafts. Although I love the age Emily is at now, I am looking forward to her being a little bigger, just so she can start to really enjoy making things. At the moment she tends to get a bit stressy if you try to steer her in a direction, Which is fair enough, It's also nice for her to just be able to do what she wants. She has always been a fan of paint, or anything gooey, So she had lots of fun mark making with paint.I thought I'd share some pictures of Emily's random mark making, I did make cards before letting her do this. However I think it was nice to just let her have free reign after having her feet pressed on card 4 or 5 times. It was nice to see her just have her own fun. Although she is to small to use a paint brush she did enjoy banging it on the paper, and that was good enough for me.Anyway back to the card making. I decided I wanted to make something that I could incorporate Emily's hand or foot prints into. So I chose a little chick. Although you could do a bunny by putting a hand print in the middle of the paper and using a foot print for each ear. I put some paint on the bottom of her foot, and then let her push down on the card. Some of the footprints were a bit messy, and just looked like blobs, but that is the joy of crafts with children right?After it dried I added some feet, a beak and a eye! I'm pretty happy with how they turned out, and I have kept one back for her scrap book. This is such a easy and quick little activity to do with your children, and it doesn't matter what age they are either. I'm pretty proud of how they turned out, although they are a simple idea, I think they look really effective.Did you do any Easter crafts with you little one? I'd love to hear about them if you did.Monday, 30 March 2015I can't quite believe it's Easter, it's like I blinked and 2015 flew by! Anyway, this will be Emily's first Easter, and I am so excited for her. I know a few members of my family will be buying Emily Easter eggs. So I decided it would be best for her to have a Easter basket full of little bits and bobs, things that she can play with and enjoy.Both my Easter basket and if I were the Easter bunny are from the works. I can't wait too read 'If I were the Easter bunny' to Emily, It was a steal at only 99p. Although she is only 6 months old, she is starting to get more interested in books, she loves trying to turn the pages with me, and it is nice that we have that little time to ourselves. The second book 'My Easter basket' is a touchy feely book, which I know Emily will love, she loves feeling different textures and these type of books always interest her. This one was only £2.99 from the works. The last book is 'That's not my bunny' Emily has quite a few of these books, they are her favourite. She will sit and play with them for quite a while, turning the pages and feeling the different textures. I also added this gorgeous little bunny from next. It's adorable with the floral little ears, Emily does have quite a few cuddly toys, but she can always do with one more, right?I got these three little dribble bibs from Little sleepy sew and sew. They are handmade by my lovely friend Anna who blogs over at Play at home teacher. I got the three for £10, and I absolutely love the Easter print. I can't wait for Emily to wear them. The little sheep are my favourite.I got Emily this little cute headband with a bunny on it, It was only from poundland but it was too adorable to leave behind, I also got some chocolate, for her basket, although she wont be eating it all at once, A little bit every now and then. Plus I'm pretty sure Emily's daddy will eat most of it. I brought these Tomy hide n squeak eggs from Amazon. It was a last minute purchase for Emily, but I have been looking at them for quite a while and I knew she would absolutely love them as soon as I saw them. She's just started to interact more, and take a interest in toys. So these will be perfect for her. I also got these Mega bloks, My cousin's have these and while we were visiting Emily loved clicking them together. Although she won't be able to build towers with them, they are something that will grow with her.Happy Easter for this week! do you have something nice planned? We are going to have a lovely breakfast with family on Sunday.Friday, 27 March 2015When you have a little one, you launch straight into mummy mode, I wanted to be a mummy for so long, but I didn't anticipate just how little me time I get. Don't get me wrong I am not complaining, but I feel like I have kind of lost who Steph is. My style seems to have vanished, I literally live in jeans and tops, with a mum bun. I've lost so much confidence in my body since having Emily, my body shape has changed, and gone are the days where I would just pick anything and wear it. I umm and err over clothes now, and wonder what they will look like on. I get self conscious, which then leads to me sticking to the same jeans and top.So when I got offered the opportunity to join in with the Dress it up campaign with George at Asda I jumped at the chance. Time to stop hiding in my jeans and tops, and hiding behind Emily in photographs. I should really be embracing my body, rather than hiding it away, however that is always easier said than done. I don't want Emily to grow up and have no confidence. I want her to strive in life, and be comfortable in her own skin. How is she ever going to learn that when her own mummy hides away. So it is time for change. They kindly sent Emily a little outfit too which was lovely of them! It was nice to have a little mother daughter dress up session. I can't wait until she is old enough to go shopping with me, and help me pick out clothing.This is the dress I picked, It has a peter pan collar which I adore, I think it makes a plain dress look lovely. The detail is gorgeous, and it's crochet too. The material is very good quality, and washes really well. I'm not really a fan of dresses, just because I am quite big busted, which means it is pretty hard to find a dress that fits nicely. I have to order a bigger size than my waist to get it to fit over my bust. Which then leaves me feeling a little frumpy, however I didn't feel like that at all with this dress. I felt comfortable and at ease, so I will definitely be looking at more of the dresses in George's range. The other great thing about this dress is it has cropped sleeves. Being a mummy I am forever pulling my sleeves up so that I don't get them messy, especially when feeding Emily. So it was a nice change not to have to pull them up.I paired the dress with a pair of simple black leggings, which are also from George. I'm not too much of a fan of leggings, there is nothing worse than wearing a pair of leggings that go see through. These on the other hand are not like that at all, They are pretty thick, and so comfortable. I have since ordered a couple more pairs. To add a pop of color I styled it with this gorgeous knitted blazer, it is actually pretty thick, so you have no worrys about getting cold. It also has lovely cropped sleeves, and it will be perfect for summer evening. It makes a simple outfit change into something fashionable. I have also paired this blazer with some everyday skinny jeans, and a vest top, and it looked lovely.Lastly to complete the look I opted for some boots. I didn't actually own any boots up until now. I have no idea why, but they just haven't been part of my outfits and boy I have been missing out! They are so comfortable, we have been visiting bluestone national park, in Wales. It's a lot of walking, hills and nature trails, and these boots have been amazing. The sole of the boot is quite thick, which is really good and unusual considering the price. I cannot recommend these enough, I was expecting to have blisters from all the walking, but I had absolutely none! Putting aside how comfortable they are, they look lovely. They are a simple ankle boot, that you can just pull on, but I am in love with them!You can view George's women's dress range by clicking here. Let me know if you find a dress you fall in love with. They have some really stunning dresses, and I have a few on my wish list.This is the outfit that I picked for Emily, I love pale pastel colours on babies, I don't know why but I just do, and anything floral is a absolute winner in my book. We have purchased many items of clothing for Emily from George before, if you are a regular reader you will know the brand regularly appears on Emily's Weekend baby style posts. I have and will always be a fan of George clothing for a couple of reasons,the quality of the material they use is amazing, the clothing washes really well, and it doesn't shrink or look worn. The clothing is also always good value for money, some baby clothing can be very overpriced, but George are very reasonable. I also love the fact you can pick up the odd thing while doing your weekly shopping. The attention to detail is amazing, just look at those little bows on the bottom of the leggings, so simple but very cute and effective. This is by far one of my favourite outfits on Emily.I also love the simplicity of the website, it is easy to navigate your way around the site, and I love how they're is various different sections depending on what you are looking for. The other great thing about the site is when you are purchasing a item, there is a lovely side bar which tells you how you can complete the look. Sometimes it can be footwear or other items of clothing, even jewelry. I think that is a nice touch, because sometimes I am sat wondering what will go with the product I am purchasing. Where are your favourite places to shop? Have you ever brought anything from Asda?*I wasn't paid for this post. I received the item for the review purposes. However all opinions are completely my own.*Wednesday, 25 March 2015Easter is coming up, and we are very excited. As you know we are a big fan of arts and crafts in our household. So I decided to find a fun, but different activity that Emily would really enjoy. Shaky eggs are so simple, but very effective. Babies love nothing more than making noise, and exploring various different things. I used a couple of different ingredients, some rice, and some pasta. I think these are brilliant for Easter time, it is so hard to find Easter gifts for a baby, so these are going to be a brilliant addition to Emily's Easter basket.As you can see, It was really simple to make them, I brought some empty eggs from poundland. I then filled them with pasta and rice, I also left a couple empty just so Emily could see the difference in weight and sound. I used super glue to stick the eggs together so that Emily couldn't pop them open. Then I left them to dry overnight.To add to the fun, I put some straw like paper in the bottom of the basket and then added the eggs. This amused Emily for ages, she loved taking the eggs out of the basket, and putting them back in. This was before she discovered that they made noise when you moved them. Once she discovered that if she shaked them they would make noise she didn't stop. I also got plenty of giggles out of her during this activity.Top tip: Emily kept trying to place the eggs in her mouth, so we ended up using sellotape to tape them up. This way if she did put them in her mouth she wouldn't taste the superglue.Monday, 23 March 2015In our households we have become pretty good at packing with short notice, as you may remember when Emily was a baby, we would be moving around a lot. We didn't have a stable home until Emily was a month old, which was a struggle. We used to pile stacks and stacks of stuff into the boot of Sam's car. Which let me tell you when you have a pushchair in the boot to isn't a easy task. The backseats used to be covered in stuff too as they're was never enough room in the boot. Moving around and having to pack everything up was a pain in the bum, but it's also made it easier for me when we pack now. Also unlike before, I don't have to take a moses basket with me aswell.It will be our first holiday as a family, and I'm so excited but so nervous. I don't enjoy packing one bit! It makes me anxious and I am always worried that I am going to forget something! So I have decided to compile a little list of the bits and bobs that I intend take, and need to take, If I write a list I can't go wrong, right?I'm really excited because we were given the opportunity to stay at Bluestone Wales, When you're reading this we are properly on the drive there, or already there! Anyone who follows me on Instagram will know I'm a bit addicted to taking pictures, so I apologize in advance for the Bluestone and baby spam! I will be writing posts about our experience, so be sure to look out for that!For Emily:Clothing10 body vests - having 10 will allow for any accidents, or messiness that I know is going to happen with Emily. 5 outfits (including socks/tights and cardigans)2 spare outfits (encase of accidents or food messes)Coat, hat and mittensshoesMuzzie (muslin squares)bibsBed time5 sleepsuitssleepbagbunnycot beddingblanketSwimming and bathtime1 pack of swimming nappiesswimming costume2 hooded towelsbath seatbath emollientshampoosponges and ducksessentials1 pack of nappiesE45 creamnappy bagswipesdummythermometerteething gelcalpolfeedingsterilizerbottlesfood pouchesspoonsbowlsfruit potssnacksand for us (apart from clothes, toiletries, swimming stuff, and underwear)Hairdryer and straightnerscameraipadchargerswashing up liquid tea toweltoilet rollIs there anything that I have missed?Saturday, 21 March 2015This week has flew by, I'm kind of glad its over, Hubs is now on holiday for a whole 9 days, and we are off to Bluestones on Monday. So this weekend we are spending most of it packing. Emily's carpet got laid this week to, so when we return from Bluestones it looks like my not so little baby will be going in to her own bedroom. I am looking forward to getting the space back in our room, but I know I'm going to really miss having her right by my side. Something that I am sure every mum feels at first, right?Jeggins: Matalan | Cardigan: handmade by my GrandmaI think handmade cardigans are so cute, and unique, Both my grandma and nanna knitted about 30 for Emily when she was born, of all different sizes. As lovely as it was, there is noway she could possibly wear that many, but we will keep trying.Jumper dress: NextThis is one of my favourite things for Emily to wear. It is such a simple outfit, tights and a jumper dress, yet it looks so pretty and stylish.