The Samsung Galaxy S® 6 is reinvented from the outside in. Beneath stunning metal and sophisticated glass lies a powerful processor. Watch images and videos come to life on the 5.1¿ Quad HD Super AMOLED® display even in sunlight.The Samsung Galaxy S® 6 Edge is reinvented from the outside in. Beneath stunning metal and sophisticated glass lies a powerful processor. Watch images and videos come to life on the 5.1" Quad HD Super AMOLED® display even in sunlight..A6 chip. 8MP iSight camera. 4-inch Retina display. Ultrafast LTE wireless.1 iPhone 5c has the things that made iPhone 5 an amazing phone-and more, including iOS 8. All in a completely new design that feels great in your hand.The LG G Vista is designed for comfort and convenience. The 5.7" HD IPS display offers flexible viewing options. You can even shrink your screen for one-handed use. This slim and powerfully equipped smartphone is built to handle your busy lifestyle.Other AT&T Next Options: AT&T Next has 3 0% APR installment agreement options. (1) AT&T Next 24 requires a 30-month agreement and allows you to trade-in and upgrade after 24 installments. (2) AT&T Next 18 requires a 24-month agreement and allows you to trade-in and upgrade after 18 installments. (3) AT&T Next 12 requires a 20-month agreement and allows you to trade-in and upgrade after 12 installments.AT&T NextSM: Requires 30-month, 24- month, or 20-month 0% APR installment agreement and qualifying credit. Tax due at sale. Wireless service (voice and data) required and is additional. Equipment price may vary by location. Available at select locations. Service subject to Wireless Customer Agreement or qualified Business Agreement. Limit 4 devices for consumers or Individual Responsibility Users (or 10 Corporate Responsibility User devices for eligible business customers) on a AT&T Next or tablet installment agreement may apply per account.Agreement balance for device due if wireless svc cancelled. Select locations. Restocking fee: up to $35. Upgrade options: Requires payment of 24, 18, or 12 installments based on AT&T Next option, account in good standing, trade-in of your financed device in good physical and fully functional condition, and purchase of new eligible device with qualifying wireless service. After upgrade, unbilled installments are waived. Coverage and services not available everywhere. Other Monthly Charges: Apply per line and may include taxes, federal/state universal service charges, a Regulatory Cost Recovery Charge (up to $1.25), a gross receipts surcharge, an Administrative Fee, and other government assessments which are not government-required charges, including without limitation a Property Tax Allotment surcharge of $0.20-$0.45 per CRU's assigned number. Coverage and service not available everywhere. Other restrictions apply and may result in service termination. Terms and options subject to change, and may be discontinued or terminated at any time without notice. See att.com/next for plan details.