Tuesday, 31 March 2015Pasta with Seafood started out life as Spaghetti ai Frutte di Mare except I had no spaghetti and no clams so I decided to put together what I thought might work, and you know what? It did, it was delicious.Exercise this week has been pretty good. Although due to a hospital appointment I couldn't get out for my normal Friday long run, I managed to exercise 6 days out of 7 and 10 out of the last 14 which is pretty good. Due to childcare, I've been doing more exercise videos than running but I think that's no bad thing. When you've been running for a while, I swear your body 'gets used' to the exercise and accidentally you end up not pushing yourself as much. My running times have plateaued a bit and if anything are slower than they were.When I do exercise videos, I tend to use Jillian Michaels or Fitnessblender on Youtube. I only found Fitnessblender a couple of months ago and I'm a huge convert. I tend to focus on HIIT with occasional yoga or abs sessions.This is an old Fitnessblender video but if you're new to using Youtube to exercise I think this might convince you. It's free, you have to watch (or skip) the odd ad but they have some really interesting ways of doing things I've never seen on a DVD. There is no music, so you can use your own playlists if you want. They do all of the workouts themselves and sometimes look knackered but the great thing they do is they have a little preview of what the next exercise is so you know what's coming next. I would dearly love to never do a burpee again but apart from that, I'm really enjoying their content.Friday, 27 March 2015Meat free week day 5. A busy day with my son, starting with some toast with butter and ginger jam, lunch was a picnic (hospital clinic) of cucumber, pepper and carrot dipped into hummus and a piece of sweetcorn pizza followed by half a bag of crisps and half of my son's apple. I also had some melon in the afternoon.For tea, my son and I then ate a vegetarian pasta bake together. It was a simple mix of cooked wholemeal pasta, home made (made previously and frozen) pasta sauce and fried courgette (zucchini) and mushrooms.This was all topped with white sauce and vintage cheddar then served with green vegetables (beans and peas). Five vegetables on one plate. I hesitate to call it a recipe because it's my go to use up stuff and get my son (and me) eating vegetables kind of meal. It's also good with meat, prawns, anchovies, chorizo, bacon, cooked chicken etc if you are a meat eater.Contact meThis blog is my creation and does not represent any company or organisation. All views are my personal views. Please do not copy content or photographs without prior permission. If you would like to contact me, please mail. Email me on eatlikeyouloveyourself@hotmail.com