The Toucan Trilogy by Scott CramerDystopian - 99 Cents >>> 4/1 - 4/4This 240,000-word collection includes THREE complete novels - 800+ pages of high-action, dystopian drama for all ages. For Abby Leigh, a purple moon was just the beginning. . . Dust from a passing comet turns the moon purple, but also carries a lethal pathogen that attacks the hormones produced during puberty. Within hours, adults are dead. Thirteen-year-old Abby must help her brother Jordan and baby sister Toucan survive in the new world. Battling against hunger and violent gangs, Abby is helpless against the biggest threat of all: the time bomb that is her adolescence. NIGHT OF THE PURPLE MOON (Book 1) COLONY EAST (Book 2) GENERATION M (Book 3 - The explosive conclusion to The Toucan Trilogy)2147 by SDZ Whitaker 4/1 - 4/5 - FREE >>> Science FictionThe year is 2147 AD, and the last remnants of the CIA hide their last secret that aliens landed at Roswell 200 years previously. As humanity stands on the brink of light speed travel they are about to be exposed and the world will discover whether the alien race who had been patiently waiting are really as benevolent as they appear.Not all scars are visible... A frightened runaway wants her painful past to disappear. Her plan to start afresh is derailed when she co-inherits her late grandfather’s farm with her high school sweetheart, the one responsible for the scars on her heart. But he isn’t the only ghost from the past. Someone else is out to get her and will stop at nothing to get what he wants. Will Chance and Dakota lay aside old wounds and grudges to restore the old farmhouse and bridge, or will evil forces sabotage their attempts to forgive?You’re about to learn everything you need to know about how to get started investing in the digital currency of the future. Are you ready to get on board so that you no longer get left behind? Every day people are collectively making millions in the digital market. If you think you have already missed the boat, you're wrong. But it won't wait forever! With cryptocurrencies still in their infancy, it's anyone's guess how high they will go or how fast, but the word is in: Bitcoin is for real.Meditation for Beginners - How to Relieve Stress, Anxiety and Depression and Return to a State of Inner Peace and Happiness by Yesenia Chavan Self-Help - FREE >>> 3/29 - 4/2Learn how meditation can transform your life TODAY! A regular meditation habit can make you healthier, happier and more successful than ever! This book will teach you exactly how to calm your mind, release tension and “let go” in a way that will change your life forever! Learn: • The science behind the benefits of meditation • How to meditate in a way that works for you • How to provoke a meditative state • How to create an ongoing state of inner peace and happiness • Guided meditation • Mantra meditation • Mindfulness meditation • Body scan meditation • Candle meditation • Walking meditation • Prayer meditationHave you been diagnosed with Diabetes? Or maybe you are afraid that you might be? Diabetes should not be an obstacle in your desire to eat tasty food. There are many different ways by which you can keep your diabetes under control. This book shares different diabetic recipes that will help you in a process of creating a lifestyle in which you will be able to eat anything you want without being bothered with your ailment. Author included different types of recipes in order to ensure variation and satisfaction for your taste buds. Go ahead and try these wonderful recipes!