Target worker's act of kindness goes viralYoung man came in to buy clip-on neckwear; one employee taught him to tie a tie, another gave him interview tipsWorth sharing: Onlookers overhear upbuilding conversationA few candid moments in a North Carolina Target have gone viral, inspiring thousands of people beyond the young man at the center of the story.CNN affiliate WTVD reports that a regular shopper, Audrey Mark, was in the Triangle Town Center location in Raleigh on February 4 when she spotted an unusual bit of kindness. She noticed an employee fixing a teenager's tie. When she overheard their conversation, she decided she needed to snap a picture -- it was something worth sharing."I hear him peppering him with all this advice on interview skills and handshakes," said Mark.Employee Cathy Scott first spoke to the young man, who was looking for clip-on ties for an interview he had at Chick-fil-A. The store did not have any, but Scott went to her co-worker, Dennis Roberts, to see if he could help. Roberts knew how to tie a tie, so he arranged it for the young man. While he did so, the employees gave him interview advice."We said, 'Make sure you look him in the eye.' I'm saying make sure you give him a firm handshake, and she showed him... he tucked his shirt in," said Roberts.On her Facebook post, which she shared to Target's page, Mark said the experience had brightened her day. The post had more than 49,000 likes by Friday, only two days after she posted it."As the kid exited the store, a bunch of supportive Target team members cheered him on! THIS is true customer service -- Right on the mark, Target!! Fingers crossed for this kid'z interview!! Bought headbands, ham and had my heart warmed...I LOVE Target!!," she wrote.Her Facebook friends were equally impressed.Burnita M: "I was in Target while the employees were helping this young man and heard them coaching this young man on how to handle his interview. They helped with the tie, gave him tips on manners and what to say in interview and the man helping him with the tie actually practiced handshakes with him. They were so encouraging to him. As he left, they were wishing him well and telling he could do it. This picture cannot convey the warmth and kindness in their voices as they worked with him."Rhawnie M.: "A teenager who shows up for a job interview in a suit and tie??? He deserves whatever job he is applying for! What a great employee for taking the time to give this customer some individual attention and tips. Awesome story, thanks for sharing!"Tony C.: "I've interviewed and so many looked like crap, so I never hired them just for that alone. If I was hiring a teenager, it would usually be for a minimum wage job. If he showed up dressed in a jacket and tie, he'd get the job. At least he looked like he was trying. I can teach him the rest."Join the conversation...HLNtv.com welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.