French sleuth Sémya Slotin is officially back on the case. The break is over.“I’m Semya Slotin, yes this Slotin. I love wine, vodka, absinthe, my younger brother Aaron and my best friend Polliannah, in no particular order. When Josh Heinz and I are not too busy fighting or tearing each other clothes off, I solve mysteries. And I’m really good. I’m really good at a lot of things and people usually don’t see me coming… but here I am and I’m not going anywhere.”It all started with a simple case… or was it?* * *Book One: Bird of PreyWho killed the infamous supermodel Johanna Cartier?After spending three years away from sleuthing, Sémya Slotin is thrown back in the business when she found her body. With the help of her best friend Polliannah Koch, DCI Ally Gibbons and the mysterious but extremely sexy Josh Heinz, she vows to see this through.* * *Book Two: The Plot ThickensWhat happened while Semya Slotin and Josh Heinz were busy solving Johanna Cartier’s murder in Bird of Prey?When Polliannah met John Allen, she thought that she had finally found her Prince Charming. When John set his sights on Polliannah, he knew that he had a job to do and that the beautiful Miss Guryev should only be a means to an end. Then they fell in love. Now he and his Russian Princess had to leave London for their safety. But it may already be too late…“I’m Polliannah Koch Guryev, yes I’m part of the infamous Guryev family but you can call me Polli or Mrs Allen. I love my parents, some of my brothers, high-end shopping, Russian vodka and last but not least my worst half and partner in crime Sémya Slotin. When I’m not managing our wine store in Chelsea or committing some kind felony with Sémya in the name of the God of Sleuth, I dream of Prince Charming. I’ve kissed enough frogs to give up on love but somehow it doesn’t seem to want to give up on me. How many times do I need to get hurt before it does? But still, here I go again…maybe this time it would be the last.”* * *Book Three: Polliannah Got Married!The truth this time, and nothing but the truth…Polliannah is in trouble and her boyfriend is dead. Nothing’s prepared Sémya, Detective Extraordinaire, for what she finds in Toronto. Polliannah is a widow and her late husband John Allen was a hit man for the powerful Dovos family. What did they want from her? Why is this happening to them? Josh Heinz knows more than he lets on, but he’s not telling her anything. Old conspiracies and secrets resurface putting them all in peril. Sémya’s worst fears about her relationship with Josh and his past are confirmed causing a rift between that may never heal. Sémya and Polliannah’s world is falling apart. Will they be able to come out of this stronger?* * *Book Four: Vincent Mallory EdgertonEvery love story has a beginning…From the moment their gazes locked, Sémya and Vincent sealed their fate.Sémya Slotin had been coasting through life solving one mystery after another. While investigating a friend’s disappearance in Hawaii, she met Josh Heinz. Her mind kept telling her to stay away from the handsome stranger but he awakened something in her and she was unable to resist him. Vincent Mallory Edgerton had always been an efficient FREGG operative. He loved his job, even when he had to leave everything behind for his own safety. On his last assignment, he was forced to work covertly with the sexy bold sleuth. Sémya’s beauty and intellect enthralled him, but his passion and growing love for her also changed him. There was nothing he wouldn’t do to finally win her trust and keep her safe, causing him to unleash events that would shape the rest of their lives.EXCERPTBird of Prey-Book OneSémya hesitated a few times before knocking on Josh’s door. She knew she shouldn’t have just left with Julian like that yesterday but Josh was fine and Julian wasn’t. Julian was a colossal mess. He cried in her arms more times that she would ever care to remember. She hated narcotics but was so very grateful for them last night. They put Julian temporary out of his misery. She sneaked out before he got a chance to talk to her this morning.“What!” Josh said when he flung the door open. Josh was a bit of a night owl and was usually sleeping past noon. She could have sworn that he was thinking about slamming it back to her face when he saw her. “What?” He loosely wrapped his sheet around his hips. He was blocking the entrance.“You either close the door or let me in Heinz, the suspense is killing me,” Sémya said to him, one eyebrow raised. He shut the door. She was too shocked to react and by the time she was ready to yell at him, he opened the door again. This time he was wearing jeans. “That was fucking rude!”He walked to his kitchen and turned the coffee machine on. “What do you want Sémya?” He looked at her entering his studio and closing the door behind her.“About yesterday at the police station… sorry I didn’t say goodbye before leaving with Julian,” she said. She joined him. “He was in bad shape at the end of the int–”“Or called,” Josh interrupted, serving himself a large cup of coffee. It didn’t look like he was going to offer her some.“Or called,” she repeated.“Or texted,” he said.“Or texted,” she repeated.“Good, you made your point. What do you want from me?” he said. He waved his phone around, “You could have called or texted the apology.”“You know what, if you don’t quit being such an asshole this will be the last conversation the two of us will ever have,” she lashed out.“Fine leave! Release me!” He said matching her tone and almost smashed his cup on the table. His nostrils were flaring and his eyes were almost yellow. Sémya had never been so turned on in her entire life. His breathing was as fast as hers and she could see his erection begging to be set free from his half fastened jeans.They were silently sizing up each other, wondering who would be the one ending their self-impose torture. Sémya’s entire body was aching. Her nipples were so hard her thin camisole was teasing them. She let out a small sigh while savouring the feeling. And that was all it took for Josh to walk her way.He kept walking until he successfully backed her to the door. With nowhere to go Sémya raised on her tiptoes… she had been yearning for the taste of his mouth since the moment she stepped inside his studio. He pulled her up and wrapped her legs around him. “Why don’t you wear dresses like a regular girl,” he groaned pressing his erection as much as he possibly could against her centre.She moaned back and desperately found his lips. This was what she had wanted. She wrapped her arms around his neck, deepening the kiss, sucking his tongue, licking his lips, making them both more aroused by the second. He abruptly broke their kiss to take one of her breasts in his mouth and hungrily started sucking it. She groaned, shrieked and moaned so loudly, she was expecting the neighbours to show up. “Josh…” she pleaded again as she arched her back to the door.He successfully removed both of their jeans and plunged inside her. “Sémya,” he groaned as he kept moving faster and deeper, holding on to her against the door.Sémya was holding on to him as much as she could, digging her nails in, biting his shoulders, crossing her legs even more behind his back. “Oh…my…God!” she screamed when she felt her body contracting around Josh’s. The release was pure heaven…“Oh…Sémya!” he groaned a few seconds later. She didn’t know how they could still be standing after that performance. Her entire body was numb and alert at the same time. He miraculously found the bed and collapsed on it with her.“Don’t!” she said keeping him even closer when he wanted to pull away. She could feel him growing hard inside her again.“Is that all you want from me?” he let out. He was obviously struggling for control.She caressed his beautiful face and softly kissed him. “That’s all I want right now.”DisclaimerE-BookBuilders is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.