Precognition: Science Shows How Our Body Reacts To Events Up To 10 Seconds Before They HappenOver the past few decades a significant and noteworthy amount of scientific research has emerged contributing to the notion that human precognition could very well be real, and that we all might possess this potential -amongst various other extended human capacities. Thanks to the research by various scientists presented in this article, extended human capacities are beginning to exit the realm of superstitious thinking, delusion and irrationality and find their way into the world of confirmed phenomena. Claims of precognition or “future telling” have occurred “throughout human history in virtually every culture and period.” (source)It’s not hard to see why we are so fascinated with these concepts, they are embedded in popular culture today throughout various outlets such as movies -which can sometimes be counter productive given the fact that they are merged with fictional stories and events. Similar to the extraterrestrial phenomenon, the validity of these concepts seems to shrink due to the fact that they are “just movies.” Although the stories that accompany these types of phenomena in movies is probably largely factious, the concepts do hold some validity. Let’s examine the truth behind pre cognition and claims of “future telling.”The Science“There seems to be a deep concern that the whole field will be tarnished by studying a phenomenon that is tainted by its association with superstition, spiritualism and magic. Protecting against this possibility sometimes seems more important than encouraging scientific exploration or protecting academic freedom. But this may be changing.” - Cassandra Vieten, PhD and President/CEO at the Institute of Noetic Sciences (source)So what exactly is precognition? It’s basically the ability to have a premonition of a future event that could not otherwise be anticipated through any known process. It’s the influence of a future event that has yet to take place on an individuals responses. These responses can come in the form of their biology, they can be conscious responses the individual is aware of, or they can be non-conscious responses that the individual is not aware of (which is mostly the case when it comes to the scientific examination of pre cognition) and more.These experiments indicate that the human body can actually detect randomly delivered stimuli that occur 1-10 seconds in advance. In other words, the human body seems to know of an event, and reacts to an event that has yet to occur. What occurs in the human body before these events are physiological changes that are measured regarding the cardiopulmonary, the skin, and the nervous system. (1)It’s important to note that these types of responses to future events that are measured in the body are unconscious responses, meaning that the subject (human) is not aware that they are actually taking place. So it is a form of pre cognition, but not full blown conscious premonitions.The fact that changes in our physiological activity in the autonomic nervous system changes and prepares for future events is remarkable, and the fact that this is “unconscious precognition” should not take away from the fact that it helps us better understand the phenomenon of conscious precognition in a scientific sense. We are still waiting for science to catch up and provide an explanation for conscious precognition, regardless of whether the phenomenon has been observed or not.“The predictive physiological anticipation of a truly randomly selected and thus unpredictable future event, has been under investigation for more than three decades, and a recent conservative meta-analysis suggests that the phenomenon is real.” (1)Another recently published paper via the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology by Cornell university professor Dr. Daryl J. Bem suggests that precognition may be real. Dr Bern is a leading social psychologist and has been well-respected throughout his long and esteemed career. So his work suggesting that precognition may be real is quite a large leap for this type of phenomenon.(2)Dr. Bem’s study outlines nine experiments that involved more than 1000 participants that “test for retroactive influence by time reversing well-established psychological effects so that the individual’s responses are obtained before the putatively causal stimulus events occur.” (2)After going through and examining these experiments, Dr. Bem concluded that all but one of them yielded statistically significant results. The paper and experiments are provided within the sources listed.Again, pre cognition has been well documented and observed in laboratories all over the world. Just because there is a lack of ability for psi research to provide an explanation for the observed phenomena does not discredit the phenomenon itself.“Historically, the discovery and scientific exploration of most phenomena have preceded explanatory theories, often by decades or even centuries.”- Dr. Bern(source pg 3)Another study from Dr. Dean Radin, one of the several authors noted in the first study used in this article conducted four double blind experiments that also show that some intuitive hunches, measured by fluctuations in the autonomic nervous system involve unconscious perception of future events that have yet to occur, and the experiments supported this idea.(3)Another significant study (meta-analysis) that was published in the Journal of Parapsychology by Charles Honorton and Diane C. Ferrari in 1989, examine a number of studies that were published between 1935 and 1987. The studies involved attempts of individuals to predict “the identity of target stimuli selected randomly over intervals ranging from several hundred million seconds to one year following the individuals responses.” These authors investigated over 300 studies conducted by over 60 authors, using approximately 2 million individual trials by more than 50,000 people. (4)It concluded that their analysis of precognition experiments “confirms the existence of a small but highly significant precognition effect. The effect appears to be repeatable; significant outcomes are reported by 40 investigators using a variety of methodological paradigms and subject populations. The precognition effect is not merely an unexplained departure from a theoretical chance baseline, but rather is an effect that covaries with factors known to influence more familiar aspects of human performance.” (4)Why is this type of precognition unconscious? And does it have the potential to become conscious?Again, as mentioned earlier in the article, the science behind precognition refers to unconscious precognition. This means that the response to future events prior to when they happen is measured through physiological changes, and that seems to be quite clear.But why should this be the case? If our body (parts of our nervous system) can obtain information about events seconds in the future, why would we not have the inability to not make this information conscious? Maybe we do have that potential.Researchers in the first study used in this article suggest that this might be the case because the information is not useful, similar to the majority of information that is usually processed unconsciously. They also suggest that the conscious mind may not be able to make such quick decisions. They state “it might be evolutionarily advantageous for unconscious processing to assess upcoming events, filter them, mobilize resources, and only then inform conscious awareness.”(1)Parapsychological Phenomenon, Consciousness & How They Relate To The Nature Of Our RealityPrecognition is one small aspect of a much larger body of what is termed as parapsychological phenomenon. For more information from CE on some areas of this larger body of information you can check out this article:About the authorI joined the CE team in 2010 and have been doing this ever since. There are many things happening on the planet that don't resonate with me, and I wanted to do what I could to play a role in creating change. It's been great making changes in my own life and creating awareness and I look forward to more projects that move beyond awareness and into action and implementation. So stay tuned :) arjun@collective-evolution.comThis phenomena is also clearly evident in animals. It is particularly notable in prey species, who must rely on quick reactons for survival. I have certainly experienced this over and over with my horses, and it is especially pronounced in the animal who takes the role of “herd leader,” where the group depends on his or her ability to quickly anticipate and react to danger. Those extra seconds are an essential survival mechanism.For a bet I told my mum that I could prove that I could see the future two weeks out…I told her that in two weeks the military were going to announce the development of a technology which would use magnetic gas, and be deployed in the Iraq war.If it happened in two weeks… I win, and she was not allowed to claim it was a coincidence because it was too obscure, and I had preannounced it.Two weeks later they announced it on the local news (which we never usually watch, but happened to be on at the time).She immediately claimed it was a coincidence. Shortly after she contracted aggressive cancer.I was locked up as insane, and chemically lobotomised so I couldn’t do it again.Whilst I was in hospital I gave them a demonstration of my telekinetic abilities whilst playing monopoly… I said that I was bored of loosing and was going to start throwing double sixes with the dice. I immediately did, and then threw a second one… When I offered to throw a third in a row, they invoked the rules of the game, and I lost a turn. They knew damn well it was about to happen a third time. You can reduce this to statistics but not if you call it in advance???Psychiatric wards are FULL of psychic people.To this day I can still make mechanical objects go wrong at any distance.I am currently being persecuted by both the military and the corporations as a dangerous person.I have many inventions that I cannot release to the public, as I am effectively under house arrest.It is all very well talking about this stuff… But spare a thought for the people who prove it, and then what is done to them by a society who is scared by it.No one will talk to me about this stuff. No one wants to help me put with the inventions. I could post stuff online all day, to no avail. It is not like I can’t prove this???I don’t enjoy my life. I have so much to contribute and not allowed tocheck the monroe institute..they might be intrested in ur inventions….also check the silva method..maybe it helps u get precognition back….I have some issues with myself too…Just recently(last 3-4 years) istarted decoding them….I have telepathy [I feel it when someone is thinking of me…I get headaches if it is a bad thought towards me..(migrane from blonde people-smoother ones from brunete or black haired and eyes people….) and I yawn if it is for a good reason from blonde people…and from darker ones i get something like my jaws open and I cant shut them close till it goes away)…I have precognition….(I feel wierd before my cell phone is about to ring…I know which book to pick out of a library when I m not sure in which book I ll find what I m looking for…have decoded something else too quite recently,but havent had the oportunity to teest it further…when I play poker texas holdem..When at the glance I take at my hole cards I see them having something like a bright white aura around them I see them connect to the board forming nuts..havent used it yet,cause I took under consideration the ‘correct way of playing’and have folded most of em…also when I get AA or monsters that r gonna break,I see them at the first glance having a dark aura around them.)……………….I also have telekinisis but I unlock it only when I m really MAAADDD…I make phones ot work..windows (at my pc) dont work proper,etc…..also my country’s culture believes in strange things that applies to religion mostly…like for instance people that saw things like ‘demons’ or so when in really young age they turn out to be autistic for instance….please if u find any of this of any interest contact me….my facebook page is ‘Vagelis Kouliatsis’ my email is evangeloskouliatsis@gmail.com..my cell phone is 6955820142(u ll have to find the codes to call me..codes for GREECE..)even if u r the feds contact me…No problem.Vagelis Kouliostas—-Kouliotte …Kolitis isis…phew. Vag…you eat a lot of cooked grains like hominy,bulghur, ? I know you do, because they are staple foods in the Mediterranean region, and…the old saying tells us, “Beware of Greeks bearing grits. ” My point is, if you are going to attempt to delight us with satire, then burn delights well into the nights and master the English language. That is a critical component in effective execution of a most difficult form of funny. Falling-flat funny is disquieting and makes people want to mouse right-click Delete the source, post haste. If I’m wrong here, and you were NOT attempting satire, then…Sorry ! mouse right-click Delete me, I’ll understand.I m not making any satire..or making fun of anyone..as for my skills in english since u understood what I typed they r just fine..Let us see u type in Greek and I’ll judge u afterwards…what about that?I m not even gonna say anything about u making fun or doing satire about greek last names..u could easilly copy-paste it….but no…u wanted to achieve what by that????I am quite serious on what I said…Don’t know in what category all the things I feel fall into and the terminology i used might made u think i m just having fun here..I asure u I’m not….started reading the silva method 2 days ago…finally i decided to make time for it…also I keep researching with the limited tools that I have…If u r really serious on UR claims feel free to contact me anyway u feel like..If u r just here to have fun…do it with someone else please..i have no time left to waste it on u my friend…Professional pseudo skeptics with their myopic agendas, phony publicity stunt million dollar challenges, and shrill screams, have held back research in this and other fields such as palmistry, astrology, pre cognition, etc. for many years.Infinite possibilities cannot be accurately predicted until the probability function has been narrowed down somewhat. In rare cases the future (for us) is reduced to a predictable certainty, and our subconscious (for whatever reason) deems it necessary to make us aware of this imminent future. It probably happens more than we realize; I think we tend to ignore our ability when we’re consumed with more pressing topics. Moreover, observing the future may have an unexpected effect similar to the twin-slit experiment. Mere knowledge of a probable future may change it – until it is reduced to a virtual certainty, that is. I for one am glad of this ignorance, I enjoy the mystery and adventure.I have definitely had a conscious precognition… one night while at a house party in my own house I turned to a friend and was able to cite off what the next few events to happen in the house would be.. for example this person is going to walk into the room and ask for this item, and this person is going to turn to this person and say this specific thing. I put the precognition down to a combination of things…. pattern analysis( I over-think to bits, particularly scrutinously about specific details, how this person moved their hand and the meaning behind it etc… it’s a blessing and curse), and intuition. The combination of those things subconsciously at first and then using awareness to realize the subconscious and the make the subconscious immediately conscious. Awareness meditation, pattern analysis and intuition subconsciously melding together to consciousness for me = psychic premonitions of specific events down to the very last detail. I swear this happened, and still does sometimes just not as intensely as that night. My precognition’s now are usually only for one or two things in a row like intuition that something is going to fall etc.Everyone has this ability. Some are better at it than others, but everyone was born with the ability to see an animal running through the grass ready to leap at them. Our bodies must prepare themselves to survive and this mechanism calculates probabilities based on numerous stimuli all at once, But, these are only best guess and precautionary actions. If you think you’re able to guess what’s going to happen 3 weeks from now and you’re not a billionaire, then you’re not being honest with yourself, at all.The explanation for Deja Vu, though I’m not sure if it really accounts for all Deja Vu experiences, is that it’s a glitch in the way your eyes send images to the brain:There can sometimes be a slight time difference between the signals from each eye reaching the brain. The image from your left eye could reach the brain and be recorded in your short-term memory first, so that when the very similar right eye image arrives, there’s a sense of familiarity and Deja VuI would like to share his info that it is real. I have this ability for a while now and I cannot find related info on the net until I chanced upon this article. I can know what song is coming up from a list of 100 when the previous about to end. As I am driving, my attention is caught on the roads so I don’t remember the sequence of the songs.I watched Brian Williams on the Nightly News, 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday night (1/6/15) tell of the terrorist attack in Paris. I knew there were 12 dead, I saw the video from high above. After the news went off, I went and took a nap, something I don’t normally do at 6pm. Got up at 6:20 and off to a meeting. Thought no more about it.I went to work on Wednesday, and my boss mentioned the attack later that afternoon. I told him it was such a terrible thing, and that I had watched it on the news the night before, that there were 12 dead. He said it had just happened hours before, Wednesday morning. I tried my best to prove him wrong- I saw it on the news last night. I then read all the online news reports, I even whet and read the news transcripts from the night before. It wasn’t there. The attack happened on Wednesday.At 5:35 a.m. Wednesday morning, there were only 10 known dead, then eleven, then twelve. I saw it on the news the night before. It wasn’t a dream. It replaced my memory. It was reality to me, and I am so very confused because all this about ESP can’t really be true.But it is. Precognition does happen. But if you can’t discern between reality and a dream, what good is it? I saw it on the news. It was real to me. It just hadn’t happened yet.Collective Evolution welcomes differing viewpoints and thought-provoking opinions that add value to the discussion, but comments may be moderated to remove profanity or remarks that detract from a healthy conversation. For the best interest of the community, please refrain from posting vulgar comments, profanity, or personal attacks. Comments submitted may automatically be flagged for review by our moderation team before appearing on the website.Featured TEDx TalkFree Exclusive Film Screening!We RecommendTrending NowThe universe has wonders that extend far beyond our wildest dreams. It is hard to conceptualize the actual size of the universe, let alone all of the stars, planets, and galaxies that exist within this massive space. There are two…Collective Evolution (CE) believes in creating change by thinking outside the box. We aim to challenge the current status quo by shaking up how we currently think about the world. We encourage and inspire each other to take action with the goal of bringing to life a bright future for us all.