The 5 Biggest Surprises of the 2015 BAFTA AwardsThe final big awards show before Oscar weekend went down in London today, with the British Film Academy honoring their best of 2014 with the annual BAFTA Awards. And though the night came and went with many very expected winners (the acting quartet of Eddie Redmayne, Julianne Moore, JK Simmons and Patricia Arquette continued to dominate the season), there were also a few big surprises. Here's our top five:"Boyhood" makes a comeback.After losing the PGA and DGA's top prizes, "Boyhood" needed a big night with BAFTA, and it succeeded. In addition to Arquette's acting trophy, Richard Linklater's film also took home Best Picture and Best Director, prizes that could have easily gone to "Birdman" or "The Imitation Game." What happens on Oscar night is still a major question mark, but it is notable that the winner for Best Picture here has also gone on to win big with Oscar six years running."The Imitation Game" shut out.Not only did Morten Tyldum's "The Imitation Game" not take home the night's biggest prize, but the British produced pic also ended up losing everywhere else too. Homegrown films typically do very well at the BAFTAs, but voters didn't even end up throwing expected Adapted Screenplay or British Film prizes "The Imitation Game"'s way. Definitely not a good sign for Oscar.Focus Features"The Theory Of Everything""The Theory of Everything" nabs three major trophies.The British MVP of the night ended up being James Marsh's "The Theory of Everything," which in addition to a very expected acting win for Eddie Redmayne arguably stole Best British Film and Best Adapted Screenplay from "The Imitation Game." It should be noted though that while "The Imitation Game" is the bigger hit Stateside (doubling the gross of "Theory"), "The Theory of Everything" is actually the bigger hit at home, box office wise."The LEGO Movie" gets a major consolation prize.It missed out with Oscar, but "The LEGO Movie" took home the BAFTA for Best Animated Feature anyway, where it was squaring off against Oscar nominees "Big Hero 6" and "The Boxtrolls." Oscar frontrunner (in the wake of the "LEGO" snub, at least) "How To Train Your Dragon 2" wasn't even nominated."The Grand Budapest Hotel" takes home the most trophies.Alright, so this is itself isn't too much of a surprise, but the fact that Wes Anderson's "The Grand Budapest Hotel" managed a whopping five wins (particularly its Original Screenplay win over "Birdman" and "Boyhood"). In the past five years, only "The King's Speech," "The Artist" and "Gravity" have managed more BAFTA Awards.