Important for the preparation of the teachers. Please fill this out in detail, even you have done so in previous years.Please choose the workshop fee that is right for you:Yiddish Summer is largely financed from workshop participation fees. Nevertheless, we want it to be as affordable as possible for everyone. For that reason, we offer three possible fees and let you choose which one you can afford to pay:Standard: The standard fee starts at 75 € per workshop day. But already on the fourth day, the fee goes down to 60 € per workshop day, and from the seventh day on, the fee is further reduced to 55 € per workshop day. The reduction is calculated based on the total number of days of participation in workshops during this Yiddish Summer 2014.Reduced: You have a low income and the standard fee would be a genuine hardship for you. The reduced fee starts at 60 € per workshop day. But already on the fourth day, the fee goes down to 45 € per workshop day, and from the seventh day on, the fee is further reduced to 40 € per workshop day.Supporter: Participants help each other! Can you afford to help make it possible for someone else to come to Yiddish Summer? By paying a supporter fee, you are contributing 1/3 towards the cost of a scholarship fee for a fellow participant in need. Three supporters allow us to award a scholarship to someone who would otherwise be unable to come. Please help with a supporter fee, if you can. The supporter fee starts at 100 € per workshop day. But already on the fourth day, the fee goes down to 85 € per workshop day, and from the seventh day on, the fee is further reduced to 80 € per workshop day.Scholarships: We try to award a limited number of scholarships for workshop fees, if our finances allow it. To apply for a scholarship and learn about the conditions, please see the FAQs.I'd like to apply for the following workshops:(please read the workshop descriptions before applying to be sure that a workshop is right for you!)Become a member of other music e.V. now and get a 25 € discount on our workshops!Total fees:Please note:All prices below in Euros!We will check to make sure that the total fee you calculate is correct and you'll receive a final total fee in your registration confirmation.Important!!Your registration is confirmed after your full workshop tuition has been received by the other music e.V. bank account and we send you a written confirmation. Thank you!Important:About Registration CancellationRegistration may be cancelled only until July 1, 2014. In such cases, other music e.V. will refund the fee paid minus 150 €. Cancellations after July 1, 2014 will not receive a refund, UNLESS a person is found who is willing to take the place of the cancelled registration. In order for the workshops to take place, a minimum number of registrations must be received by July 1, 2014. If the minimum number is not reached, other music e.V. reserves the right to cancel the workshop. In such a case, the entire registration fee will be refunded. So please register early to help ensure that the workshops take place and to help us plan. Thank you!We highly recommend that you get travel and seminar cancellation insurance, to be sure that you incur no unnecessary costs should your participation not be possible.Please note: Multimedia documentation is made of all workshops. With your registration, you grant other music e.V. permission to use such documentation for archival and promotional purposes.I hereby agree that my information (name, e-mail, residence, instrument/vocal range) can be shared with fellow workshop participants and teachers for the purpose of staying in contact as well as advance organization such as shared rides.