When their wedding is ruined by a werepanther attack, Katrina is left hospitalized and Blane is just...gone. But when he finally finds his way back to Riverdale, he learns he’s not the only one who’s been tracking Katrina...“Lost Soul, Lost Love” by Nessie Strange The Living Dead World SeriesIt’s Jen MacLellan’s first trip back to earth as a new reaper, and Mardi Gras is in full swing. When she happens upon Chip, a partier stuck in a perpetual 1983, Jen decides to help him find the woman he loves so he can move on. Assuming all goes well when he finds her...“Red Dogs” by Keith Melton The Zero Dog Mission SeriesMercenary pyromancer Andrea Walker has just saved the world from bloodthirsty hagworms and is late for her Valentine’s date with Jake. Until she hears that Jake has already left her house...with her... “V-Day” by CL Bledsoe The Necro-Files SeriesDaisy and her friends think going to a frat party on Valentine’s Day will be a fun, not-at-all-desperate Girls Night Out. What they don’t expect is to have Delilah’s succubus pheromones accidentally set off the apocalypse...Valentines Heat II“Moonstone Promise” by Elizabeth Ellen CarterAfter her husband’s death in Colonial Pennsylvania, Ann Sellars forges abusiness partnership with Toby Jackson that quickly becomes a friendship. Butwhen Toby proposes marriage on the eve of leaving for England, Ann isn’t sureif she’s ready to leave her memories, or her new business, behind... “A Perfect Judge” Cynthia Hampton When Kamber Prescott agrees to emcee the annual Valentine’s Day FantasyAuction, she has no intention to bid on one of the sexy bachelors. But seeingJeffrey Hatcher again after their Christmas party fling makes her reconsider.Especially since the auction has only one rule: the rules exist only if youwant them to...Valentines Heat III“Rated Ex” by Christy GissendanerA blind Valentine’s date mix-up pairs Rebecca with her geeky high schoolboyfriend. Geek no more, Parker’s now the alpha of his pack, and he’sdetermined to show Rebecca what the last few years have taught him... “Crash Me Once...” by Jayne Ripley Cenn and Redlan are part of the werewolf pack on the space cruiser Wolfstar.But Redlan has never claimed her in front of the pack...and she’s starting towonder why. When a foraging mission on a remote moon throws an unexpectedcatastrophe their way, each of them must decide exactly what to risk...andwhich of them will be the first to yield to their true feelings. "Crash Me Once..." contains a scene of erotic spankingBooks I've Read!I read this as part of the Elven Obsession Omnibus... Ok, so I really don’t want to get into each book, because to do a full review for each I’d probably spoil some damn good things for you, so with this I will write a summary for an o...I read this as part of the Elven Obsession Omnibus... Ok, so I really don’t want to get into each book, because to do a full review for each I’d probably spoil some damn good things for you, so with this I will write a summary for an o...Ms Knoebel is a little bit of a genius!! I loved her Born in Flames trilogy. Wait let me explain, I loved the first two, bought book three and haven’t read it because I don’t want it to end! Hahaha but anyways, when she came out with thi...This one is a very interesting new take on vampires, and the troubles they cause. As well as, ridiculous family members and the lengths you will go for them :) And on the side, it’s not just paranormal people hunting down vampires, think...WOAH!! That’s all I can say! This book is AMAZING!! Yeah, out with the Little Mermaids, which is still one of my favorite movies of all time, and in with the scary mermaids here. No disney here. Death, terror, starvation, and a whole lot...