Bradlee Dean’s Mission Against Child IndoctrinationCommon Core is an outrage – a direct attack on American values being pushed on our children. Many parents and teachers are up in arms about Common Core’s new standards, new methods of teaching, indoctrination and sexually explicit textbooks.Not everyone that speaks out against Common Core receives our award. However, special recognition was given to Bradlee Dean and The Sons of Liberty based on their willingness to confront the doctrines of Common Core by:1) Advocating for parents to take responsibility for their own children by homeschooling or seeking out other options. 2) Exposing lies, and preaching the truth to children in schools. 3) Setting national legal precedents to get the Bible, Christianity, and ultimately the truth back in our public school system. Pictured on the left, Bradlee Dean speaks before a high school assembly.For nearly two decades, The Sons of Liberty have been going into the belly of the beast (our government schools) with the message of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the history of America’s Christian heritage and the exaltation of God’s law. They have sought to bless the younger generation and shine the light of God’s truth upon them in the midst of their darkness.Bradlee Dean, commenting on his award, said; “Our fight is not about receiving awards or recognition, but about making a lasting impact for generations to come. We have been able to make a national impact on this generation, and we thank all of our Sons and Daughters of liberty for their support in our cause to protect our posterity!”Just One DealTo all my friends, clients and LinkedIn connections, I ask that you pray about making a gift to The Sons of Liberty, today. My challenge to each of you is this: Consider donating your commission from just one deal, one loan, one closing, per year. Of the hundreds or thousands of business transactions you successfully complete each year, what percentage of your overall success would just one transaction represent? Let’s support courageous men like Bradlee Dean. We can’t assume our kids and grandkids will inherit the same great nation we were blessed to live in. Moral courage is in short supply.If you are so led, please send your donations to:The Sons of Liberty P.O. Box 1126 Annandale, MN 55302Or donate online at www.SonsOfLibertyRadio.com.If you have any questions or would like additional information, please contact Bradlee at info@sonsoflibertyradio.com or via phone at 320-274-8400.Blogging to InspireAbout Common CoreThis QR Code, posted on every blog, telephone pole, bus stop and car bumper in America, can help awaken the 80% of citizens still responding with "Common who?" Even the slightest smell of Common Core's stench is enough to sicken the most unthinking, disinterested parent. Let's share the stench, shall we?In BriefLife matters. Every individual leaves a legacy, for better or for worse. To strive, to seek, to fail and then rebound, with humility, grace and renewed curiosity. Restricted by no one, unlimited in potential, and burdened only by a lack of faith, we live in the greatest nation on earth. Endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights, we live. And we all have an obligation to protect, preserve and defend each of these rights for all future generations.