07-Easiest Path to Success, Most Entrepreneurs Fail at it!This is one of the easiest skills and learning tools, but for some reason it seems to be the hardest for Americans. It is one that almost nobody does or does well. It is critical if you are going to get a mentor and listen and follow that mentor. It is also critical whenever you identify a skill that you want to learn and can find examples of others who are experts. Accelerate your entrepreneurial journey to success!On this episode, we discuss finding a mentor and then the three different categories of learning. The first category is where you can see the mentor has obvious acceptable knowledge. That means, something that when you hear it you completely agree.Next I’ll discuss the third category. That is one where the mentor can logically explain and teach you why a particular path should be taken. The second and middle category is the one where most people start to fail. The key here is that a logical, understandable argument can be made and you can follow it.The second category is where you have an opinion and the mentor has an opinion, but they disagree. There is no way for the mentor to educate you on his path or one that you can explain your choice logically. I refer to this as the difference between wisdom and knowledge. In this episode, a decision is explained why you should take a certain path to maximize both your success and the speed of your success. I explain my ideas for choosing a particular direction.There are several stories in this episode to help understand the concept. In Japan, they have mastered this skill of copying and mimicking success the very proper way. You’ll hear how they used it in electronics, watches, cameras and cars. That should assure us that there certainly is something to learn here. If you can master this, you will accelerate your success in whatever you choose to do.Additionally, there are some stories of common reactions people have to copying success. It does seem funny to think that people actually resist copying success, but I believe you will agree with the explanation. People seem to have several reasons to resist copying success. It goes from everything like “I have a mind, too,” over to, “I like to do it my own way.” It is amazing to think that when something is already successful or that you can copy from a successful mentor people resist.Master what the master has already done!Let me know how you used the material from this episode in the comments here: