Baftas 2015: winners and losers, red carpet and ceremony – as they happenedPeter Bradshaw, Hadley Freeman and a starry cast of close to hundreds brought you live coverage of the 68th British Film Academy awards, including all the shocks and frocks from the red carpet. Relive the night again and again!We'd like to thank our pizza delivery boy …The launch of this gallery of highlights from the evening means our time is up, the night-bus has turned into a pumpkin and we’re off to bed. Thanks for being with us and see you in a fortnight, when we’ll be kicking off our Oscars liveblog!Amid all the winners, congrats to The Lego Movie! Its energy and irreverence may have got up the nose of the US Academy, but it chimed perfectly with Bafta’s sense of itself as the naughty child of the film fraternity. Here’s a jubilant Phil Lord:Forget Stephen, forget Claudia, forget even Edith Bowman. The award for starriest mingler of the evening goes to … our own Ewen MacAskillChatted, too, to David Beckham, also at the dinner. He mingles with actors and celebs in Los Angeles but it is still no more his world than mine. “It is not my industry but I am glad to be part of this, proud to be in the same room as these people,” he said.Baftas 2015: David Beckham, proud to be seen with Felicity Jones and Eddie Redmayne. Photograph: Jon Furniss/Corbis/Splash NewsPeter: Mike Leigh said he wasn’t going to be bad-tempered, and by his lights perhaps he wasn’t. Very tasty stuff in the bland cuisine of usual awards speeches, however – especially in the solemn lifetime-achievement section.Chatted to Imelda Staunton before she sat down to dinner. She was pleased to present Mike Leigh with lifetime award.“I was as bewildered as everyone else that Mr Turner and Tim [Spall] were not even nominated,” she said, referring to the fact Mr Turner had made more money and been seen by bigger audiences than his earlier films.WINNER! Bafta fellowship: MIKE LEIGHSlightly awkwardly, since he wasn’t found a space in the best director category for Mr Turner, Mike Leigh is given Bafta’s fellowship award.“It’s a tremendous honour,” he said in a press conference afterwards. “When you’ve been slaving away for a million years, it’s great … there are films that we made that I look at and think, ‘How the hell did we achieve that?’ I feel that about Vera Drake, I feel that about Topsy Turvy and Mr Turner.”Discussing the awards snub for Mr Turner, he said: “Well obviously it would have been very nice … it is disappointing but we’ve kind of accepted that, and in the end Bafta is a democracy, and people’s tastes are their prerogative. And there are a bunch of very good films out there.”He described Whiplash as “really impressive” and added: “My only real advice to young filmmakers is: never compromise, and push the boat out. Then you’re in with a chance.”WINNER! Best picture: BOYHOODBirdman has its wings clipped. Present on stage are at least one of the producers SNUBBED by the Oscars. Ellar Coltrane calls the film “an exercise in collaboration and vulnerability” full of “the simplicity of human interaction”.Remember when Peter Bradshaw was absent from the liveblog for a little while earlier? It wasn’t actually because Hadley had locked him in a dungeon!!!!! It was because he travelled forward in time, checked out the results and penned this cogent critical response to all the winners and losers. Remember, if you don’t want to know the final trio of awards, don’t click here.WINNER! Best actor: EDDIE REDMAYNEEddie Redmayne, best actor, The Theory of Everything, with Stephen Hawking. Photograph: BAFTA/REX/BAFTA/REXRedmayne adds to his Golden Globe, and is now locked on to the Oscar. He alludes to his puking after some food poisoning at a previous Baftas: “That was one of the worst nights of my life – this is one of the best nights of my life.” He thanks his family, shouts out co-star Felicity Jones, and – with a little wobble in his voice – the Hawkings.In the winners’ press conference, he said: “These were roles of a lifetime … it’s a weird and wondrous trade, acting, it’s full of ups and downs and you go through moments of doubt. It’s the dream to play extraordinary people, and they rarely come as extraordinary as Steven. So I’m so aware how lucky I was for that.”Redmayne, who has also been at the heart of the elitism in the arts debate between Chris Bryant and James Blunt, added: “I think there absolutely and always has to be a debate about where actors are coming from, that diversity is represented. Our job as actors is to tell stories and everyone should be represented. As far as the public -chool thing is concerned, I’ve had a very lucky upbringing, but I’ve also had a sensational teacher who is the reason I became an actor and got my first jobs. So I suppose I tend to attribute it to a teacher rather than an entire school.”WINNER! Best director: RICHARD LINKLATERThe Boyhood maestro takes to the stage – by which we mean lookalikey (and frequent star) Ethan Hawke! “There’s no one in this room that loves cinema more than Richard Linklater,” he claims, entirely without quantification.Peter and Hadley react to the win.Peter: Ethan Hawke is sounding very emotional. Husky.Hadley: I’ve been feeling sorry for Ethan Hawke for being so ignored in all the nominations for this film. After that overly emotional speech about curing cancer... I mean a movie winning an award, I don’t anymore.WINNER! The EE Rising Film Award: Jack O'ConnellO’Connell has had a massive year, being directed by Angelina Jolie as the lead in Unbroken, and making eye-catching leads in ‘71 and Starred Up.“I feel very honoured to be among this batch, this wave of our generation,” he says after his win. Discussing his working-class background – amid lots of “red-hot public-school totty” in the words of Stephen Fry – O’Connell said: “They’re my roots. I’d be lying if I’d say it doesn’t affect you one way or anther, particularly in this field ... But Eddie (Redmayne) put himself where he is, as did Benedict (Cumberbatch). That said, so did I. And, yes, we do represent different social classes, but I don’t think that should be important.”WINNER! Foreign language film: IDAThe Ida team, with Pawel Pawlikowski second from right, best foreign-language film. Photograph: Jonathan Short/Invision/APPawel Pawlikowski and team come up, having snatched this from fave Leviathan. Pawlikowski, who previously won Baftas for Last Resort and My Summer of Love in two other categories, drolly says: “I think we should just forget the formalities and award me a global lifetime achievement award.”Peter: A classically Oscar-ish robotic intro from John Boyega and Alice Eve there... Ida! A great film although my vote went for LeviathanPrince William pays tribute to Dickie AttenboroughBy video. Likewise Robert Downey Jr, talking up his “ceaseless passion” and “singular, extraordinary wit”. Dickie’s that is, not Will’s.Peter: What is the car behind Robert Downey Jr? His smile-though-your-heart-is-breaking routine is a nightmareAnd ZOMG. Prince William’s ponderous taped statement looks and sounds like a party political broadcast from 1978And I have to say Stephen’s serious tributes always sound a bit burbling ... however well meant.And why haven’t they included Seance On A Wet Afternoon in the montage...?Hadley: Boy, nothing gets an award ceremony going like a member of the royal family. Prince William should be studied by geneticists. As a child, he looked like his mother. Now, he has morphed completely into his father. Fascinating.Incidentally, I like how Robert Downey Jr pointedly refers to Attenborough as “Richard”, whereas Stephen Fry, inevitably, wheels out the “Dickie”. This confirms my strong suspicion that only people who never met him refer to him as “Dickie”.Peter: Outstanding debut ... always the most interesting part of the evening. A chance for a Cinderella moment for an indie British film-maker. This year the underdog is probably Lilting – a much-loved film.She also attributed the lack of roles for older women to the fact that “men don’t want to be cast with women who are their real age. I find it funny – sometimes you’ll have someone like Harrison Ford in a movie and the woman opposite him isn’t a few years younger than him, she’ll be 20 years younger. And that’s the ridiculous thing. We need to call bullshit on that.“I’m really loving getting older. There was so much pressure and weirdness and tension on the sexual element when I was younger, I feel so liberated now and I’m loving it.”WINNER! Best supporting actor: JK Simmons, WHIPLASHThe man takes to the stage, continuing his awards season tear after a Golden Globe win in the same category. Possibly the surest Oscar win of the lot? Says he loves his children “infinity”. Awww!From the winner’s press conference, he says: “Damien [Chazelle, director] is obviously a force to be reckoned with … having worked with masterful directors like Jason Reitman, Sam Raimi and the Coen Brothers I would put Damien, without hesitation, in that category.”He also said he thought his co-star Miles Teller was not getting the recognition he deserved. “In my view he is not getting his due in this awards season, but maybe we can chalk that up to youth and the perception that he hasn’t paid his dues yet.”Hadley: To be honest, I’d have been happy with anyone in this category winning. But I do love that Mr Juno won it – and not for Juno, either! Bonus!Peter: Death. Taxes. And JK Simmons winning best supporting actor for Whiplash. As Alan Partridge might have put it: he is the best JK since Rowling. I think JK has done the “above average children gag before but it’s still gold.Hadley: Poor Steve Carell, though. You can almost hear his inner monologue, “Dammit, you all gave awards to Nicole Kidman for wearing a fake nose in The Hours! What about me? WHAT ABOUT ME?!?!?!?!?!?!?”Peter: There’s always a weird pause when loads of people in black tie have to climb up on stage. Eric Fellner always sounds very authoritative. In another life, he could have been a sonorous prime minister.Stephen Hawking is presenting an award!Quite a coup! Felicity Jones says “I’m particularly pleased to be presenting this award alongside the only person in the world more intelligent than Stephen Fry.”“Yes, and better looking,” says Hawking. ZING!Hadley: Stephen Hawking – presenting an award! This is THE BIGGEST HONOUR EVER BESTOWED ON THE MAN. I’m just a little worried that he won’t be able to follow in the mighty footsteps of the previous presenter, David Beckham.Peter: Felicity looks overwhelmed to be doing a double-act with Professor Hawking. Which is fair enoughHadley: What is it with film awards and films featuring British actors playing real-life people with a disability? My Left Foot, The King’s Speech, The Imitation Game (in which Turing is portrayed as having some sort of Asperger’s), The Theory of Everything, and on and on it goes. Anyway, this is not our business here right now. My business is that UNDER THE SKIN should have won this, but to do that they’d have needed to have Ralph Fiennes making a cameo as someone with Tourette’s syndrome.Hadley: Oh look, it’s the rarely spotted Stephenius Fryantollus, compering for the evening. Truly, he is like Britain’s very own Thomas Pynchon isn’t he, such a recluse. I’d really forgotten what he looks like, it’s been so long since he did his chortle-chortle-I’m-the-nation’s-adorable-uncle-did-I-mention-Oscar-Wilde-how-about-Apple-chortle-chortle routine.I appreciate that this will probably lead to my deportation from this country, but I do not really understand the mass popularity of Stephen Fry.Peter: Stephen rather took his time getting to the “pissing down with stars” punchline.Hadley: “It’s been an incredible year for British film – I just stood next to the Batman!” gurns Kasabian’s Serge Pizzorno, apparently unaware that neither Birdman nor Michael Keaton are British. Nor, for that matter, that anyone cares what he thinks.Hadley: By the way, if any of you are wondering why I am now flying solo, minus my co-bantzer Peter Bradshaw, I can now exclusively reveal the reason: it’s because I’ve locked him in my dungeon. That’s what I do to colleagues who I feel are overshadowing me (say hi to Marina Hyde down there, Peter). I might let him out a bit later, but only if he promises to give me all the jokes.Hadley: How does Reese Witherspoon feel about being nominated for a Bafta? “It’s such an honour, and it’s so beautiful...” she says vaguely. Sweetly, Reese then decides to double down on this: “It’s beautiful, it really is such a beautiful, beautiful award!” Bless you, Reese – and keep on enjoying the free champagne.Hadley: Stephen Hawking is also there on the red carpet. Strangely, I don’t seem to have received any press releases about what he’s wearing. By contrast, I have received literally 7,150 press releases about Felicity Jones, who plays his wife in the film. This definitively proves that Felicity Jones is more accomplished than Stephen Hawking. Step it up, Stevie Boy!Hadley: Oh look, it’s David Beckham at the Baftas, here to present the best British film award. Which totally makes sense, right? I mean, he is a great British film-maker and all. David Lean, David Beckham, there’s basically no difference.Peter: OK, back to Leonard Rossiter. Catherine has just made the excellent point that comparing Fiennes to Rossiter is not an insult. He made two great TV shows, and he was also a seminal Arturo Ui in the Brecht play. And in at least two Kubrick films.Hadley: Mm. You do know I moved to England in the 90s?Peter: Oh. Shall I tell you what was an awards-show piece of overdone nonsense?Hadley: What? Peter: Argo.Hadley: Argo.Peter: Argo.Hadley: Argo?Peter: Argo.Peter: How do we feel about Ralph Fiennes? Hadley: Oooh, I have a LOT to say about Ralph Fiennes. Peter: I will tell you what I have to say about Ralph Fiennes. I resent people saying he looks like Leonard Rossiter because they think it takes him down a peg or two. I hate that. He doesn’t look like Leonard Rossiter.Hadley: I’m so pleased to see him moving away from being Tedious Mopey British Thesp to Larky Fun Comedic British Guy. Less Shakespeare, more shits’n’giggles.Peter: Totally. He was very larky on the red carpet earlier. He brought the larks, or should I say larkz.Hadley: He also carries Grand Budapest and makes it less twee which is what it would have been if it had starred Jason Schwartzman. Peter: Apropos of nothing, what do we think of Ryan Reynolds?Hadley: Van Wilder Party Liaison. Classic movie. Peter: I liked The Nines with Melissa McCarthy.Hadley: I think this is part of Bradley Cooper’s pact with the devil. He sacrificed Reynolds’s career in order for his own to succeed.Ewen MacAskill gets the skinny DIRECT from JK SimmonsMet JK Simmons on way to the toilets at BAFTA awards. I told him I had seen Whiplash last week and, as a jazz fan, thought it was great. I asked Simmons if he liked jazz. “I was not interested before,” he said. “But I am more appreciative now.”Peter’s wishlist for the evening: I’d like to see them play the Death March over the montage of people who have died this year – or better yet, do a montage of people whose careers have died this year, to the accompaniment of Ethel Merman singing There’s No Business Like ShowbusinessThe three co-directors and writers of The Lego Movie have been busy writing the script for the follow up in their hotel room. Their main plan for the evening is to “ambush famous people and get them into our film ... Benedict Cumberbatch would be great”.Benedict Cumberbatch: "I wish David Oyelowo was here tonight"Cumberbatch is also championing David Oyelowo, whose portrayal of Martin Luther King wasn’t recognised by his home nation’s Academy – apparently because no one got to see it in time. He says:I wish David Oyelowo was here tonight. I don’t understand it. He would have got my vote.Selma’s director, Ava DuVernay, was very gracious about not being nommed for many awards when we chatted to her recently – but argued that all minorities need more stories being recognised at events like this.Peter: So, Hadley. Who do we fancy .....Hadley: Chiwetel Ejiofor. Peter: ... for best film? Which is the most overrated piece of middlebrow nonsense? Hadley: American Sniper. No question. When did Bradley Cooper make this deal with the devil that he keeps getting nominated for these average films, like Silver Linings Playbook and American Sniper?Peter: There was nothing for Hangover 3.Hadley: I’d prefer that to have been nominated. So what is your most overrated piece of middlebrow crap? Peter: It’s not crap but I’m not keen on Wild. In fact I’m quite close to doing a joke about that title. Something like...Hadley: So you’re not *finger quotes* Wild about WildPeter: I was going to say Tame. Did you see what I did there?The Save Soho campaign, devoted to making WC2 the den of iniquity it has traditionally been, rather than a dystopia of Zizzis and generic luxury apartments, got another big supporter in the form of fellow Twitter-enchanter Benedict Cumberbatch:Peter: Léa Seydoux’s appearance on #EEBAFTAS red carpet has taken my obsession with her to new, thermonuclear levels. She is there with her arm around Monica Bellucci who looks like she’s playing Mary Magdalene in a biblical epic. But Léa is fantastic. That heavy-lidded look of sullen-plus-sultry contempt is fantastic. Hadley: I prefer the other one. You know. The other one.Peter: What?Hadley: The non-blue one. Peter: Adèle Exarchopoulos? Hadley: Yeah, whatever. That one. Kasasbian are opening. I think we should go now, Peter.Peter: Is that a pop combo? Hadley: That’s putting it kindly.Peter: Noel Gallagher’s here actually. Hadley: What is this, the Q awards? Peter: Do you realise that I have been invited to the Universal party tonight? Mm-hmm. You know it.Hadley:Funnily enough, I haven’t been invited to the Harvey Weinstein party.Peter: No. I imagine not.The arrival of Tom Hiddleston on any kind of carpet, be it red, shagpile or some offcuts discarded outside of CarpetRight, sets Twitter ablaze with lust. Much of the #EEBafta hashtag is dominated by this lot:Just a reminder that the Baftas actually started about 15 minutes ago. But unless anyone keels over, we’re going to carry on like they haven’t and perpetuate the fiction imposed by BBC1 that they actually happen at 9pm.And the baton is passed!The fashion team have retired and the film squad are now on keyboards. Lead vocals: Peter Bradshaw and Hadley Freeman. Backing singers: Catherine Shoard, Ben Beaumont-Thomas, Andrew Pulver and many more.We’re thoroughly unconvinced by the silhouette of Belle star Gugu Mbatha-Raw’s dress, which, from afar, looks a little like a lilac pestle. Any thoughts as to what she’s carrying in her pockets, feel free to pop in the comments block below!The hotly tipped best actress Felicity Jones (The Theory of Everything) has come in a weighty Dior dress with floral sheer skirt and a blocky dark top, replete with braid and smokey eye. Can we say it’s a slightly odd cut on her petite frame? OK, well, we just did.These are your Bond girls, then. Monica Bellucci takes the modesty trend to its logical conclusion by covering every inch of flesh – including her hands in huge bell sleeves. Léa Seydoux’s canary confection may well be the frock of the night, though. Love the classy flesh flashing (a few inches of ribcage, not a hint of sideboob) and the bright red lipstick. The colour combo recalls Michelle Williams at the 2006 Oscars, the gold standard by which all yellow-red carpet dresses are measured.What is it with gloves on the red carpet this season? First Amal Clooney’s baggy marigolds at the Golden Globes, now Natalie Dormer does Miss Havisham. The only thing gloves are good for, really, is hiding fake tan stains – please, dudes, stop trying to make them happen. On the up side, by unleashing another odd, goth-inspired outfit tonight, Dormer is giving us all something to write about in the absence of Helena Bonham Carter. Yay!Straying from this year’s apparent wallflower dress code is Julianne Moore, for Still Alice, and apparently Boogie Nights, too. Before you judge, this is a bold, bold take on this season’s 1970s boob, here slashed navel-deep and topped with a collar. Bonus points for the double texture velvet top.The reliably slick Kristin Scott Thomas is getting a bit of flak on social media for dressing like she’s at a funeral. For shame! She’s looking demure and wintry and has chosen to let her giant probably-real diamond earrings and tomboy-flick do the work. Hero.One of Hollywood’s big guns, Amy Adams, has arrived for Big Eyes. She’s gone for GHD straightened hair and this unusual number by Stella McCartney, accessorised by a diamante and various bits of white tassled rope. It’s a bit of a dead weight, but we say that with kindness – her previous successes via Dior and Oscar de la Renta have been simply mwah.As predicted (that’s a complete lie), it’s Kasabian. They’re here because they’re opening the ceremony. How basic is that? Two out of four at them look decent and on-code, but as to what Sergio Pizzorno is up to with his literal take on black tie, frankly we’re ashamed.And here’s Micachu AKA Mica Levi, the terrifyingly gifted musician who did the fingernails-down-blackboard score for Under the Skin, our film of 2014. Quite into the long black patent jacket and Underground Creepers because, well, at least somewhere has acknowledged the fact that it’s FEBRUARY.Bit Moulin Rouge meets nightie, this – but lovely to see a redhead in pale pink. Also brilliant to see Jenny Packham on the red carpet. Not only because Packham is a British designer, but also because she is Chris Packham’s sister. Wonders never ceaseIt would be weird if Stephen Hawking, inspiration behind The Theory of Everything, wasn’t here, seeing as the film is nominated for pretty much every award going. Note the Pharrell-Williams-at-Davos-style silk scarf, a big look in menswear AW15.Holliday Grainger on the art of standing on a red carpet: cross your legs like you need a wee and do the teapot arm. Forties curls and monochrome are a pretty safe bet if you tend to appear in period films, which Grainger does; it’s a pretty combo. Added props for trialling this season’s 1970s cleavage; retracted props for wearing this season’s “boob pointer” necklace. Shudder.It’s Kate Bush! Oh no it’s not, it’s Claudia Winkleman! She’s playing it safe in what looks like black taffeta and shoes made from actual ribbon. Who knew that was even possible? That said, she has trimmed her fringe.Swit swoo, Hayley Atwell. It’s navy. It’s clingy. It’s at once body-covering and extremely revealing, thanks to all those see-through panels. It’s very likely to be Stella McCartney, who does a nice line in polka-dot mesh – and nice to see an early nod to a British designer if so. If we’re being harsh, pencil skirts often feel a bit more office Christmas party than red carpet, and there is something slightly off-duty burlesque dancer about the peekaboo gauze, but why wear a princess frock if it’s not your thing?It’s Eddie Redmayne in – once again – blue velvet. It’s not dissimilar to the Gucci suit he wore to the Golden Globes except this one, fact finders, is by Armani. He’s arrived with his wife, Hannah Bagshawe, who’s in something dainty and modest and possibly Valentino.According to my gran, the key to dressing well is always wearing three colours – no more, no less. If all of those colours are this cute and bright, it starts to look like a fight in a sherbert factory. Also, those cuffs? Nah.Always the bridesmaid and never the Best Actor, it’s JK Simmons! He’s totally jumped the shark by wearing ... black tie! Simmons is here for Whiplash, a brilliant film that will make you love or hate jazz depending on whether you loved or hated jazz to start with. First trend alert: like Jack O’Connell, he’s also doing the one-button dinner jacket thing.Spare a thought for us, the fashion team, monitoring the red carpet during the fallow period before most actual celebrities can be bothered to turn up. This is the sort of outfit we are faced with appraising, and it belongs to Hofit Golan, a socialite – according to Google. While we applaud her panache, that is definitely bad fake tan and too much underboob.So we’re Guardian fashion and we’re here for the duration of the red-carpet preamble. Here’s Edith Bowman in what appears to be brocade. We say brocade, but we can’t actually tell from where we are: there’s a lot going on. It’s quite Wolf Hall, though? Either way, she must be freezing.Baftas begin!Hello and welcome to the Guardian’s epic rolling report of this year’s British Academy film awards.We’ll be with you until midnight, with Hannah Marriott and Morwenna Ferrier covering the red carpet action from now until around 7pm GMT, when they hand over to the film team, including Hadley Freeman and Peter Bradshaw, who’ll cover build-up and then the ceremony itself, which is broadcast on BBC1 from 9pm.