Comedy CribSeason 1, Episode 1After another one of their pals posts a stolen baby pic on Faeriebook, Moth Catfrost and Feathers Peppershimmer wonder if they will ever kidnap a human baby and replace it with a changeling, or if they are destined to be alone and unhated forever.EpisodesBiosKristen Acimovic - Writer, PerformerKristen Acimovic is a writer, actor and aspiring wizard based in New York City. Originally from Boulder, Colorado, she cut her comedy teeth at NYC's Upright Citizen's Brigade Theatre, where she's been performing sketch and improv on the Chelsea mainstage since 2010. Kristen has been a series regular on two MTV shows, shot pilots for Comedy Central and A&E, and written and performed in a plethora of internet videos. She also has an English degree from Northwestern University, a soft spot for romance novels and fantasy epics, and a Hubai high red belt in Hapkido, a Korean martial art. If you are a fan of George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire, she would like to talk to you for at least four hours.Laura Grey - Writer, PerformerLaura Grey is a writer, actor and part time death haiku writer who performs weekly at the UCB in NYC. Her short films have shown at Tribeca, SXSW, and Slamdance, but not on her Dad’s computer because he refuses to get one. Most recently, she can be seen opposite Amy Sedaris in "Seriously Distracted" and with Daily Show Correspondent Jordan Klepper in their sketch series "Engaged." She's a proud member of UCB digital, an alum of the Second City in Chicago and holds a degree in creative writing degree from Northwestern University. Her favorite part of being a faerie was hot gluing a snaggletooth to her invisalign.Ed Mundy - DirectorEd Mundy is a director/animator/vfx-type guy living in Brooklyn. He creates original weekly comedy videos for UCB Digital. He also contributes frequently to Channel 101 NY. When he's not making comedy videos for fun, he splits his time creating visual effects and animation for late night adult comedy programming and mid-afternoon children's educational television.