Good News for all visitors. The www.newsmartcom.com is an new partner of amplifiericruit.info with 11 years experience to become the professional buyer's. The newsmartcom.com is a big distribuitor of electronics components and have many long-term customers in overseas including: USA,UK,German, France, Japan, Israel,Mid-east,Russia,Brasil etc. Also, the visitors will get supports from them and to get more shares of their owner markets.What’s more, unpredictable feedback may cause damage to the speakers and is very unpleasant on the ear. This cheap little easy-to-build project can help solve these technical problems.How many amateur music groups sing through an amp borrowed from a guitarist or bass player? These days, music is a major hobby for the young and not-so-young. Lots of people enjoy making music, and more and more dream of showing off their talents on stage. But one of the major problems often encountered is the cost of musical equipment. A guitar (or bass guitar) amplifier is designed first and foremost to reproduce the sound of the guitar or bass as faithfully as possible.This is where the technical problems arise not in terms of the .25” (6.3 mm) jack, but in terms of the sound quality (the words are barely understandable) and volume (the amp seems to produce fewer decibels than for a guitar). That’s just what this circuit attempts to do. The frequency response of the amp doesn’t need to be as wide or as flat as in hi-fi (particularly at the high end), and so this sort of amplifier won’t permit faithful reproduction of the voice. If you build an adaptor to compensate for the amp’s limited frequency response by amplifying in advance the frequencies that are then attenuated by the amp, it’s possible to improve the quality of the vocal sound.Bass guitar super bridge amplifier 200 watt. If you want to circuits amplifiers for bass guitar, or for using in every situation such as both listen to in the house, outside the house or outdoors. this. Guitar amp tone effects placement, Information about distortion voicing, effects placement, and cranked-tube-amp tone at any volume.. Amp parts | guitar center, Enjoy the lowest prices and best selection of amp parts at guitar center. most orders are eligible for free shipping!Guitar amplifiers are always an interesting challenge. The tone controls, gain and overload characteristics are very individual, and the ideal combination varies from one guitarist to the next, and from one guitar to the next. There is no amp that satisfies everyone's requirements, and this offering is not expected to be an exception. The preamp is now at Revision-A, and although the complete schematic of the new version is not shown below, the fundamental characteristics are not changed - it still has the same tone control "stack" and other controls, but now has a second opamp to reduce output impedance and improve gain characteristics.One major difference from any "store bought" amplifier is that if you build it yourself, you can modify things to suit your own needs. The ability to experiment is the key to this circuit, which is although presented in complete form, there is every expectation that builders will make modifications to suit themselves. The amp is rated at 100W into a 4 Ohms load, as this is typical of a "combo" type amp with two 8 Ohm speakers in parallel. Alternatively, you can run the amp into a "quad" box (4 x 8 Ohm speakers in series parallel - see Figure 5 in Project 27b, the original article) and will get about 60 Watts. For the really adventurous, 2 quad boxes and the amp head will provide 100W, but will be much louder than the twin. This is a common combination for guitarists, but it does make it hard for the sound guy to bring everything else up to the same level. more info on hereThis is a medium power guitar amplifier is recommended especially for portable amplifier. The amplifier is a combination between a simple integrated audio driver, LM391-80 and a stage of output power designed contratemps with bipolar transistors.Thermistor NTC, which is in temperature contact with output power transistors, allows to separate AO LM391 power stage when it heats too much.The start of the thermal protection is at a NTC flow current NTC of approximately 200uA. Electrolytic condenser asure a “smooth start” to remove clicks that may occur when connecting the amplifier. It can happen that the protection can be too sensitive, in that case certain adjustments are admitted in the value of R4 or thermistor.The standby current can be adjusted with P1. This potentiometer is initially 0 and then is adjusted to achieve a current of 50mA. Current can be increased up to 400mA if you want low distortions.The power transistors are placed on the same side of printed circuit board, so that it can be mounted on a heatsink jointly with the thermistor. The heatsink must be large enough and have the thermal resistance of maximum 10K / W.L1 has 20 turns with 0.8mm emailed copper, coiled over R21. C9 is a ceramic capacitor.A preamplifier circuit suitable for high impedance type electric guitar pickups is given here.The circuit is based on a uA 741 op-amp (IC1).The IC1 is wired as a non-inverting amplifier.The POT R1 can be used as a volume controller.The POT R6 can be used as tone controller.The switch S1 is used to produce “brilliant” or “soft” tonal effects.Assemble the circuit on a good quality PCB or common board.The amplifier can be powered from a 12V battery or 12V DC power supply.This small amplifier was intended to be used in conjunction with an electric guitar to do some low power monitoring, mainly for practice, either via an incorporated small loudspeaker or headphones.The complete circuit, loudspeaker, batteries, input and output jacks can be encased in a small box having the dimensions of a packet of cigarettes, or it could be fitted also into a real packet of cigarettes like some ready-made units available on the market.