Most Helpful Positive ReviewMar 15, 2005This is a great concept dish, but definitely needed some tweaking. I added 1 egg and a box of Jiffy Corn Muffin Mix along with 2 cups of frozen peas. It was perfect! Next time I might add some lowfat sour cream to the potatoes to give it a little more flavor, but otherwise I will be sure to make this dish again!Most Helpful Critical ReviewAug 31, 2008I was born and raised in Scotland and have never heard of a shepherd's pie made with ham and corn, so I don't know how this title came about! I tried the recipe anyway thinking it would be quick and easy but it was so watery and sweet flavored I won't be adding it to my recipe box unfortunately.This is such a wonderful casserole that is easy as can be! I had lots of leftover mashed potatoes and ham from Christmas Eve dinner and didn't know what to do with it. I did a search on here for a recipe with both of those things and this was the only one that came up so I tried it. It took 5 minutes to prepare with my leftovers and the creamed corn. I added a handful of frozen corn to it to firm it up a bit, and added salt and pepper, crushed crackers, and a handful of frozen cheddar cheese to the top. My 1 and 4 year olds love it, and so do I! We were really getting sick of the same old breakfast and noodle casseroles to use up the ham leftovers and this was a refreshing alternative. Since my potatoes were cold, straight from the fridge, and because I wanted the cheese/cracker top to get crisp I increased the backing time to 45 minutes and it was perfect. I also wasn't sure about the amounts of everything (since I used leftovers) so I just guessed and the amounts are great. The ham/potatoe/corn flavors together are delicious. I plan on freezing the rest of my leftover ham so I can make this whenever I want!Super-easy recipe that kids love and so quick to make! I used instant mashies, but I would suggest making the potatoes a little stiffer so the cassarole isn't too watery. Also, I used 1 can of regular corn and 1 can of creamed corn.This is such a great "starter" recipe. I was looking for a recipe for my leftover ham and found this. I didn't have creamed corn so i used regular (drained) corn mixed with cream of potato soup. (I contemplated cream o onion or cream o potato, but potato worked great) Then I added a dollup of sour cream to the mashed potatoes. Also some seasoned salt and pepper. It turned out great. I served it with shredded cheddar cheese. I halved the recipe. My husband and I both went back for seconds. No leftovers!I made this with green beans instead of corn and added a bit of paprika on the potatos. Came out delicious! Also the recipe didnt indicate whether to broil at low or high setting. I opted for high and was very happy with how it came out. I will make this again for sure.*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based on available nutrient data.(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.