For the love of petsMain menuPost navigationOne Dog Organic Bakery – Review & GiveawayWith a slogan that says “Healthy Treat. Healthy Life”, how could we pass up the opportunity to try One Dog Organic Bakery’s natural, organic, and wholesome dog treats? Add to that the fact that this is a family owned, family run business using 100% human-grade ingredients that are organic and GMO-free, and I’m really sold. It even gets better from there – nothing artificial ever, made in the USA (and each ingredient is sourced in the USA as well), and a portion of proceeds go to Project (Blue Collar), a movement to promote dog adoption. The packaging is even “green”.We got three bags to sample!This company was started out of the tragic loss of a pet due to recalled pet food. I admire taking something so very sad and making it into something good, and sharing that good with others. Each batch of treats is baked to order, and tested by the family’s own dog, Milo. You can even order custom treats if your dog has allergies.Are you done with photos? Can we try them yet?!I like that each package has a “best by” date. That really tells you that there are no artificial preservatives in there. It is recommended you use the treats within two weeks of opening the package. That was not a problem – we went through our first bag in just a matter of days. So yes, they were a big hit with the crew, and they thoroughly enjoyed their taste testing. These are definitely “Wag ‘n Woof approved“!Cute shapes!Gimme (please)!I feel great giving our dogs these treats, because they are not only tasty, but they are safe and provide essential nutrition. It’s not just your dog’s food that needs to be safe and nutritious, anything in their diet should live up to those same quality standards.This family company wants to share with you as well! One Dog Organic Bakery is helping us to provide our readers with a chance to try these healthy treats. You will find the details and giveaway at the end of this post….there are two prizes!If you don’t want to wait to win to try these yummy treats, they have also provided a special discount code for our readers! Use the code WOOF15 to receive 15% off your order. There is also a special Valentine’s Day offer! Enter the code BERRYLOVE to receive $1.50 off the 8 oz. bag of Cranberry & Carob Organic treats. Click here to be taken directly to those treats.Valentine’s treats!These expectant faces deserve some special Valentine’s treats! We bet your dog does too!Now to the TWO prizes: 1st prize will win a $25 gift certificate and a 4 oz. bag of treats. 2nd prize will win a $10 gift certificate and an 8 oz. bag of treats. This giveaway will be open for one week. It is open to USA residents only, 18 years of age or older, and void where prohibited by law. Just fill out the widget below and good luck!Disclaimer: We were provided with three bags of One Dog Organic treats in exchange for our review. We were in no other way compensated for this post and Wag ‘n Woof Pets only shares products we feel will be of interest to our readers, and all reviews are our own honest opinions.Yes I definately prefer organic treats….. Organic, natural foods and treats are important to me in order to give my Furkids only the best…. I have nine dogs, including three rescues. They would absolutely love to try these treats. Thank you for the Chsnce to win!I like to feed my dog like I do myself – with food that is good for her all around. I only eat organic and I’m working on getting her food and treats to be the same. There are so many benefits to it. The fewer ingredients there are, the better, too. I entered the contest, but either way, good to know about this brand!I agree about the benefits. Shopping can be easier if you eliminate anything with a mile long ingredient list! I try to eat as much organic as possible – humans and dogs. It’s not always easy since I live in a rural area and shopping for it is limited. But we do our best! Good luck in the giveaway!Sheba is doing OK, she is not happy about having to stay at the vet’s though (no surprise there). Full update in tomorrow morning’s post. Thank you for asking! Perhaps when/if you know what Ducky can or can’t eat, you can ask for a special batch of treats for her. I believe they’ll do that.I definitely prefer to buy organic whenever possible, but sometimes I just can’t afford it. With two big dogs we go through a lot of treats, so we have learned to use some veggies as treats. They love carrots.I agree with that, Jodi. I don’t always buy organic either, though I wish I could. So we try to balance it, and also use veggies and fruit. The girls don’t love those things though, but at least Luke does. Sheba will eat bananas and cantaloupe but not much else for fruit/veggies. Though I have to try to remember to steam more veggies, the girls seem to like green beans and carrots if they are cooked.