Kelowna-based small-space farmer Curtis Stone has some tough words for ideologically driven urban agriculturalists: “If you aren’t making money, you are doing it wrong.”“When I look around Vancouver at the yards that are being farmed there are 20 different vegetables growing at every location and that just isn’t going to work,” he said in a phone interview from a Florida beach. “You’ve got to specialize and that means if you have a thousand square feet to work with at one location, do the whole thing in carrots in straight rows, like a real farm.”Stone maintains that a skilled urban farmer can make $50,000 on just a quarter-acre and — if his math is sound — $100,000 on a half-acre of land by growing high-value crops with short growth cycles and by following the money. And the money comes from high-end restaurants and subscription-based buying clubs called CSAs, for community supported agriculture.CSAs were born out of the environmental movement as a way for people to create alternative — often non-profit — networks of food distribution and support farmers that employ organic or natural growing techniques. People pay for a season’s produce upfront and take whatever that growing season supplies, while assuming some of the risk of a poor growing season.But more recently, CSAs have become a way for wealthier consumers to obtain sustainably produced high-end, ultra-fresh vegetables and fruit or specialty proteins such as pastured Berkshire pork and sashimi-grade fish. Artisanal foods cost money and they deliver higher profits to farmers and that, says Stone, is how it should be.Stone’s success and profitability have made him a much sought-after public speaker and he spends much of his off-season running workshops all over North America in small-space agriculture. He will be in Langley on Feb. 21 to host an all-day event at Kwantlen Polytechnic University organized by Young Agrarians, an organization for young farmers.“I originally wanted to be more like a homesteader, but working as a tree planter I realized I was never going to be able to afford to buy land,” said Stone, also a former working musician.Stone farms several plots in downtown Kelowna, not only mortgage-free, but close to his Green City Acres customers.“I made a profit my first year and it was enough to get through the winter and start again the next year,” he said. “It just kept doubling and doubling.”Stone maintains that farmers have to be savvy at business and marketing and put their ideological motivations aside while they develop a sound business.“When people hold onto these ideas that every garden must have 20 different crops, a total polyculture, it’s doomed to fail,” he said. “You have to specialize and grow single crops efficiently and people resist that because they think it reflects a monoculture, like industrial farming.”We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the “X” in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information.