I came here after a hike in Malibu on a Friday morning. I was dirty, tired and sore from the strenuous hike and this place provided the perfect amount of comfort, charm and tasty nutritious food!I love trying cute little mom and pop cafes, which is what initially drew me to this place. It definitely didn't disappoint. I had a chicken sandwich and fresh "field of greens" salad paired with a cream soda. The sandwich portions are pretty large and I was only able to finish half for lunch. We sat by the window where there was tons of light and used these wonderful throw pillows to rest our backs on.My friend got a pastrami salad and house made sangria from the bar (where they've got wine, cocktails and tons of different cheeses to pair with). She kept commented on how great everything was.I wanted to try dessert, but I was just too full. They have cookies and chocolate and other assorted sweet things. Next time, for sure!Figured I've been harsh lately. My reviews have been one and two stars and thought I ought to bring some balance to my writing. So, I thought what restaurants do I really like? Blue Table came immediately to mind.I, easily, get a sandwich here once a week. Always good. I've had many different sandwiches here, and believe me there are many and you would certainly call them different! My go-to is chicken salad. It's just right. Creamy, full of chicken, apples, the right crunch of celery all on a delicious square wheat (don't think healthy, yucky wheat) bun with sprouts and tomato.Complaints? Only a couple minor ones. I wish the guys in the back would cut the buns straight. Sometimes they're way fat at the bottom of one end and hardly anything on top. Makes for creative eatery trying to get the goop to match the bread.Twice I've been given a tuna salad instead of a chicken salad. Not that the tuna is bad. It's just bad when you bite into it thinking its chicken. I phoned the owner and she was greatly apologetic and insisted my next sandwiches were free. I've not taken the offer. I'm just happy to have a great sandwich.Not cheap by the way but what I especially appreciate is that I can tell they make their food the very best they know how to... No shortcuts, no trying to make a price point. $9-12 for sandwiches, but certainly worth the money.Why four stars not five? It's not s five-star restaurant. It's five star for what it is but seating is a bit "mom's kitchen meets Parisienne Bistro." Not comfortable enough to spend an hour, but convivial eat and go seating and tables.I heard of this place by word of mouth. I just love to talk about food! As soon as I was told about this restaurant I bookmarked it and could not wait to give it a try. Super cute place. Small inside but so cozy and intimate.I was in awe of their menu. Salads, sandwiches, soups, pizza, deli items, coffee, desserts and so much more! A wine bar. Happy hour from 2-6, 6 days a week. Live music on Wednesdays. Yes!Only a few employees. The young man at the front counter was helping another customer. The gentlemen in the back preparing food glanced over at me casually as I was ready to order, took my order from the back counter. Which I appreciated. I feel like a little more attention to customers was needed and making customers feel welcome and thanking them for visiting was missing. But that will not keep me from going back. I can't wait to return.So I had the beet salad with goat cheese and roasted pecans. Yum! So good and good portion size. The dressing was served on the side and it was light and tangy. I was missing a small pice of bread though. It would of made my meal even better. I also ordered a small size red quinoa salad and Brussel sprouts. With dishes like this I just may turn vegetarian. Just kidding. So by word of mouth I hear the spicy calabrese is pretty delicious. My co worker had the caprese panini and she loved it.I've haven't tried any of the sandwiches yet, but I did pick up some of their CHICKEN APPLE SAUSAGE WITH CHIMICHURRI from the deli case to supplement my lunch. The sliced sausage is cold and tossed in the chimichurri made with olive oil, Italian parsley, red bell pepper, red wine vinegar and garlic. I thought it was a bit on the light side and would have liked more garlic, but it wasn't bad.Lots of different yummies to choose from. Yesterday I had the chicken sandwich and changed out the roasted peppers for sun dried tomatoes. The sandwich was good, the chicken was tender. The side salad was BORING to the max!!! Today I split a Napoli pizza and I had Brussels sprouts and chicken sausage. I get my sides warmed up which the staff is more than willing to do. Everything was delicious. The crust in the pizza was perfect.Service is good not great. Food is solid, really good but doesn't blow my mind. For a lunch option it is 4 star worthy. Beware that seating is kind of limited so if you come during the lunch rush you might have to wait for a seat.Love Blue Table. I eat here very frequently. My go to sandwiches are the turkey or the chicken pesto. The atmosphere is awesome, staff is great (very beautiful friendly women), and there is always good music playing. it is a nice change from my other agoura favorite, italia deli.Great spot to have lunch or dinner! Sandwiches & panini are very tasty you will not be disappointed! I love the ambiance and the customer service, they're super friendly! I ordered a chicken pesto panini recommended by the employee there and it was so good! I'm going to try the Ellen's special next time! Thanks again guys!Chicken pesto panini with a side of salad! I killed it!! It's was sooo good and fresh!So far so good. I came here on a Saturday for lunch. I didn't even realize that they have two separate areas. One mostly just food and the other the wine bar area.I ended up getting the Ellen Special: $9.99- Turkey, ham, goat cheese, fig-onion jam, & garlic aioli. I really enjoyed the flavors on this one! Such a great combination, each equally distributed.As many mentioned that the lamb is out, seems to be ALWAYS out. It was when we came here. I think they should take it either off the menu or order more? Something, because doesn't seem right as many people come disappointed.The staff was friendly, a little busy, maybe short staffed? I tried so many times to get a box and neither was paying attention (eventually they did and I got my box).But overall, either way I will definitely come back here and maybe try out the bar area.Note that it is best to park on the main lot and not the back, much more space.It started off so well but it didn't end that way. Blue Table is a really hip environment and run but a bunch of hipsters. They play cool music inside and have a lot of neat choices for lunch. The options on beverages is interesting but in the end I just went with the cool jug of water. I ordered a turkey sandwich with added avocado. The sandwich was served on a fancy square bun bread thing. The bread was large and gave the impression I was getting a big sandwich. Inside was 1 slice of turkey folded over, brie, roasted red pepper and lettuce. Hardly enough food for a hungry man. It came with a side salad that was drenched in dressing. Warning if you don't like your salad drenched speak up. I hate my salads drenched and in fact never get dressing on them. Waste of calories. The sandwich was 8.99 and for that price I expect a lot more. I want meat in my sandwich. I want to feel like i'm getting a good meal for that price. Today I feel like I need a second lunch however I just ate so much break and dressing I will hold off.My wife ordered the Tuna salad and I will say her meal was much nicer. The portion of Tuna on her dish was great. In fact she had so much piled on that she gave me half. Her salad was very boring and not worth ordering again. It was just lettuce and some tomatoes. They needed to add some other veggies to the mix. If you walk just down the way to Hugo's they have amazing salads and are very creative with the options. Blue Table clearly isn't the place to get a gourmet salad.Lets talk about the staff. Sometimes you can have a bad experience with the food but the the staff makes it all ok in the end. Well don't expect that to happen at Blue Table. The staff was too busy counting tips, texting and talking to one another to care about the clients that were not happy in their store. Customer service isn't a priority here. I got the feeling that all these young hipsters were trust fund kids who didn't really have to work or just simply don't have any clue that they are working in a customer service environment. Service never happened here. Don't go and expect to get any service.Ok so I tried something new and realized its not going to cut it. I think the place is still in business due to its wine bar. That must be why people go there. The food quality isn't there and the service isn't there so either they are owned by trust funders or the wine bar keeps them going? Not sure and don't care. I just know I won't be back when there are so many other great places in Agoura to eat. Hugo's being one of them.Very pleased with this cozy discovery! The customer service is excellent. There was a perfect spot for about ten of us that wanted to relax and enjoy each other's company after a great evening of fun, adult tap dancing across the street at the Agoura Hills Dance Center (talk about convenient!). My new tap pals and the dance studio owner, Betsy, had the best get-together ever =) The waiter was very accommodating when he saw how many of us were going to stay, and found the ideal table just located toward the back of this fun find. He recommended some nice wines and cheese platters. I'm a foodie, and I love it when everything you eat and drink is worthy of a thought in your brain saying, "Oh, wow, this is good!!" One dance pal and I both looked up at each other simultaneously after taking our first sip of a red wine (some type of Santa Barbara blend), when we both smiled up at each other ear to ear and said how good the wine was ... thanks to the waiter for suggesting this brand :)The cheese platter was amazing. EXTREMELY fresh and flavorful. I don't know much about the names of this nice assortment, but I do know when the taste rocks and it's very fresh. They have a nice selection of appetizers, including green olives, small melba toast-like crisps ... again, don't know the names, but everything tastes so good.The vibe and ambience is very pleasant ... smoooooth and easy. There was a singer toward the front of the restaurant ... not too soft, not too loud, but just loud enough to compliment the fantastic food, beverage, and company.So looking forward to the next visit at the Blue Table with my new dance pals as everything at this restaurant is clean, and comfortable. There is a great selection of menu items I'm ready to dive into, including some delicious healthy items and sandwiches to choose from ... great way to start 2015, don't you think? =))Blue Table is a cute little deli that isn't your typical deli. Sure, they have your sandwiches, cheeses, and drinks but they also have a really healthy selection of salads and pastas. Come early so you can get your hands on any one of them!Artichoke Salad -- Fresh artichoke hearts, zucchini, and red/yellow bell peppers. It was lightly drizzled with fried crumbs which gave it a crunchy texture. The vegetables were all so brisk and fresh. Quality vegetables. Very light.Tuna salad -- It was not overly loaded with mayo thank goodness. At first glance, you can see bits of fresh celery packed into a thick concoction of shredded tuna. This would be great if made into a sandwich, perhaps with some kind of wheat or squaw bread. The tuna was slightly salty with just a touch of sweetness from the crunchy celery and mayo. It's s must try if you like tuna!Love this Place! Food has been great every time! My favorite is the turkey breast sandwich with Brie, roasted bell peppers and arugula! Yummy :-)People are very friendly and so far never had a problem with timing. I usually order to go since my business is near by.The place looks very cute and unique and parking is great as well!Worth a try :-)This place has the freshest, most delicious sandwiches. Today I had the the fresh buratta and prosciutto panini. This is my new favorite sandwich. A few basil leaves and tomatoes sets this panini off! Literally the best sandwich I've had in years.They also have a pretty great selection of sides to choose from. Although I didn't get it, I had a taste of the red quinoa, cucumber, avocado salad...amazing.The staff, a couple of really pretty girls today, are extremely friendly and helpful. They are ready to answer any question you have about the food. Everything is extremely fresh and delicious. I will recommend this place to anyone in the Agoura area.I personally prefer this location to the original calabasas store. It's a little more spacious, especially now that they have added the wine bar. Also a number of tables out front.I always get the Ellen's special on wheat and I would highly recommend it. The portions are not huge but good for lunch. It's a good find if you're looking for a quaint lunch spot with some tasty food.I went here for lunch and I won't be returning. I can sum it up as this place takes a lot of patience:I go order a lamb baguette. After which I'm told they're out of baguettes. Okay, no big deal, so I change that to another bread. Then about 30 seconds later someone else tells me they're out of lamb. Okay, that's cool, maybe I'll just order from the other side. (There's two sides to the restaurant. A cafe, and a more 'upscale' wine and cheese bar that serves cooked sandwiches and pizza as well.)So I sit down on the other side, and order Orangina to drink. Surprise! They're out of it too! I guess water is fine, can't run out of that. I order their truffle grilled cheese which I'm assured is filling enough of a meal. (for like 7 dollars for a grilled cheese I mind you)So I go to the bathroom, to where there was another note asking patrons to take more special consideration, (I forget what exactly it was, but I just remember laughing and thinking wow every last aspect of this restaurant requires a lot of understanding from the customer) and when I get back my grilled cheese has arrived.It is so small it was pathetic. It was about 2" x 4" and a 1/4th of an inch thick. It was burnt on one side, and there was hardly any cheese inside of it. The cheese tasted unremarkable, and was no better than the minimum you could make yourself with gouda and havarti from the grocery store.At this point I just want to leave. Apparently it's a thing there to "not bother you" after you eat and let you stay as long as you want. While this is certainly nice if you're so inclined, if you do want to quickly pay and leave, finding the waitress was not easy. An hour later I left hungry, with a hefty tab for something I didn't even want in the first place.02/27/14: kind of hard to find since it's not on the main street. You need to turn in at that stop sign as it is not exactly on Agoura Rd. It's in this plaza with a big parking lot.I didn't look at the full menu, I know it's mainly sandwiches/panini, salad and side dishes (brussel sprouts, pasta, etc.)I saw the first thing and it was beet salad and I love beet salad that I kind of was too excited to look at the full menu..Do you ever get that feeling when you're first in line and think that you're taking to long and just have to get it? yeah, that's what happened...The beet salad had fresh beets, mixed greens, candied walnuts, and blue cheese crumbles and a side of balsamic vinnegrette is was really tasty!when I was waiting for my order, which wasn't too long, I looked at the items in that big freezer type case where they show all the side dishes and i was like damn i want some of those brussel sprouts lol...so I will be back for that!02/28/14: So I went again today! I didn't want to update since it's just so close together...this time I went and there was a line so I could fully see the menu and scrutinize it ...lol...i tried the one that was most appealing and it was the NEW on the menu (Pork Tenderloin) Unfortunately, it was not tender...it was a bit difficult and hard to eat...a little dissapointed but the flavors of that sandwich was amazing though...it was the pork with a hoisin type flavor with the brocolli flavored cole slaw (i think that's what it said!)I also got the side of brussel sprouts...that was cooked to perfection the unfortunate thing was there was a lot of sauteed onions.I was not aware of this place until someone took me there. They have the best food. It's all so tasty and healthy. The turkey meatloaf panini is epic!! I will definitely be back for more. Great selection of panini's, sandwiches and salads. They have also opened up a wine bar next door which looks nice.We used to go to the one In Calabasas and we moved to agoura so we thought we'd try this one. That was the saddest sandwich..... barely anything on it... I made one sandwich from my other half... brownies aren't the same as they used to be. They taste box made. Never again.The absolute bomb diggity. Great staff, delicious food and big portions. The prices are more than fare and worth a little line now and again. I moved to the area about 6 months ago and was lucky enough to wander in. The tuna of all things is one of my favorites but everything I tried here was delicious.I'm Italian and I've lived in Italy so I'm pretty picky about my bread and my panini. My friend recently took me here and I got the goat cheese and roasted pepper panini and it was so absolutely delicious! Everything was fresh! The bread was warm with a slight crunch but not too crusty and hard. Everything was delicious!! I will be going back soon for sure!This place is excellent. They use the freshest, highest quality ingredients - their food is amazing. My husband and I usually split a salad and a pizza, and have never been disappointed. The beet salad and Parma pizza are delicious as are their soups and vegetarian lasagna. They also have lots of fun old-fashion Italian sodas.The atmosphere is simple and welcoming. This is definitely a food-focused place. And for the quality the price is super affordable. This is one of our favorite places in the neighborhood!Ellen's Special is so delicious! Ultra-smooth goat cheese, fig jam, moist turkey and perfectly toasted panini bread is the perfect combination for a sandwich. Love coming to this place. The ambiance is cute and there really isn't anything bad here. It's refreshing to see the owner of a restaurant willing to clean tables if that's what's needed. Friendly staff and phenomenal food.This Blue Table reminds me of a little community meeting place. I always enjoy the avocado chicken salad with cilantro and tomatoes with a side of soy sesame string beans and a sliced baguette. The string beans have just the right amount of crunch and usually leave me wanting more! I get the trio salad and order two orders of the chicken salad and one of string beans. I also ask for a special Panini of caramelized onions and brie if I don't get the salad trio. It's not on the menu but they will make it for you. My daughter loves the grilled chicken Panini, simple chicken and cheese with a side salad. I am kind of sad that Blue Table never has the peanut butter cookies any more because they were truly outstanding. You can always reward yourself with a steaming latte after lunch and meet your neighbors at the community table!Originally stopped by last week for lunch. Had the mozzarella pizza and Caesar salad. They both went well together. My wife liked this place so much that we stopped by today to try something else. Tried the turkey sandwich and it was great. Glad we stopped by again.My boyfriend and I went here for lunch for the second time and were unable to believe how rude the two teenage girls who seemed to be the only employees in the restaurant were to us. The food was tasty however it's preparation was quite sloppy. Will not be returning.