Get Car FinanceCustomer ReviewsHere are just some of the comments from our Facebook Page and our Google Reviews."Fantastic service from Christine and her team. From the moment we entered we were treated like royalty - nothing was too much trouble for them, they really couldn't do enough for us. We drove away with a new car within 48 hours. They are not pushy at all and I would definitely recommend these to anyone."Debbie Procter -"Finally back on the road. Very friendly and helpful and I love my new car. Thank you to Christine and her lovely staff for the great service!"A Dealership With a DifferenceIf you're looking for a new car and want credit finance, Look no further here at Withnell Car Sales We're a friendly, Family run business and we'll do everything we can to make sure that you have the best experience when dealing with us, Drive away in one of our cars of your choice with excellent affordable credit terms.Are you tired of being told that your application has not been successful when applying for finance? At Withnell Car Sales we work differently, In that our unique relationship with the finance companies allows us to offer you specialist car finance. don’t worry if you have had or currently have issues with your credit, We work on a more personal basis as long as you can prove that you can afford the monthly repayments then we want to say yes, We understand that it can be very difficult for many people to obtain credit due to past or present financial difficulties. No waiting around for a decision that may not come. No more empty promises with hidden catches and extra charges. You can apply online NOW and get instant finance approval or alternatively you can call one of our sales consultants and make an application over the phone (it’ll only take a couple of minutes!) With Withnell Car Sales, it really is as easy as it sounds. We offer great APR and low repayments over various periods depending on your circumstances. 98% of our customers are approved for credit deals and always drive away within an hour! Take our 5 minute credit check to see if we can get you a great affordable car today.There are always a huge range of cars to suit every budget and requirement. We have Mini's, Family saloons, Estates, Hatchbacks, 2 seater sports cars and people carriers. And if we don't have the car you want in stock, Our team of buyers will find it for you.Plus, It doesn't stop when you've driven your new car away! We'll offer you trade prices on renewable parts such as Tyres and brakes, Saving you money in the future. Bonus!A great extra we offer is if you've had enough of the car, Bring it back to us and we'll part-exchange it for you!We're sure that once you've dealt with Withnell Car Sales, you'll never go back to another dealer again!Withnell Car Sales is the number one choice for car credit and finance: