The Trouble With the Word “Behavioral”: Psychology vs Economics (and Game Theory)Words in different fields of science often have very different meanings — sometimes nearly opposite meanings! You have to be VERY careful taking your “knowledge” of what a word means from your own field and applying it to another.A case in point is the word behavioral as used in “Behavioral Psychology” vs how it is used in “Behavioral Economics”, or even more so in “Behavioral Game Theory”.In psychology there is a massive split between the older Behavioral Psychology and the new Cognitive Psychology that can be (very) roughly described like this:That is, a cognitive psychologist is more likely to explain behavior from the perspective of the brain, genetics, and evolution. So culture is an emergent property of individuals just as individuals are an emergent property of their cells and genes (roughly).But the traditional behavioral approach in psychology went in the opposite direction — and was quite dismissive (even hostile) to any approach that attempted to explain behavior via reference to the brain or evolution or genetics — see the “blank slate model”, for example.The interesting thing, however, is that in Economics and Game Theory, the way the word “Behavioral” is used is almost totally the OPPOSITE of how it is used in psychology!Behavioral approaches in economics and game theory derive a huge chunk of their ideas and motivation from Cognitive psychology. And classical economics is far more “behavioral” in the psychological meaning.A particularly extreme example of this is the emerging field of Neuroeconomics which is largely a bunch of neuroscientists applying game theoretic methods to study the behavior of your neurons in order to explain more macro-level human behaviors.In other words, Shakespeare was right: names are not as important as the things they are naming. Be careful out there.Now go lift something heavy, Nick HortonDon’t take this distinction in psychology too far — clearly, to explain human behavior you have to do what we do in every science: be reductionistic AND holistic at the same time. You can’t just choose one and expect to make sense of the universe and the creatures in it without the other. Only reduction? You miss out on emergent properties, ecology, gravity, and feedback loops, etc. Only holism? You miss out on genetics, atoms, quantum theory, etc. ↩I blog oftenMenuFacts"A playwright is a kind of public intellectual, even if only a crackpot public intellectual." -- Tony Kusner "The only reason people do not know much is because they do not care to know. They are incurious. Incuriousity is the oddest and most foolish failing there is." -- Stephen Fry LaTex rendering by the remarkable Quick LaTeX -- Yay Math! "More is not always better, but it usually is." -- Nick Horton "Those who can't do, teach. Those who can't teach, teach gym." -- Woody Allen This theme is a modified version Genesis via Dynamik on Wordpress. Poetry is code...