According to Williams, he has a contact in the Defense Department that sent him a package with a “cryptic message,” and inside he found what he believes is a piece of the fuselage from the helicopter that crashed at the Osama Bin Laden raid in Abbottabad!!Now, according to Wikipedia, the wreckage had explosive charges detonated on it by the special forces soldiers, but it was later recovered:The U.S. requested return of the wreckage and the Chinese government also expressed interest, according to Pakistani officials. Pakistan had custody of the wreckage for over two weeks before its return was secured by U.S. SenatorJohn Kerry.[291][292] Experts disagreed as to how much information could have been gleaned from the tail fragment. Stealth technology was already operational on several fixed-wing aircraft and the cancelled RAH-66 Comanche helicopter; however, the modified Black Hawk was the first confirmed operational “stealth helicopter”. Likely, the most valuable information could come from radar-absorbing paint used on the tail section.[287][293] Local children were seen picking up pieces of the wreckage and selling them as souvenirs.[148] In August 2011, Fox News reported that Pakistan had allowed the People’s Republic of China scientists to examine the helicopter’s tail section and were especially interested in its radar-absorbing paint.[294] Pakistan and the PRC denied these claims.[295]So is it possible that Williams has a piece of history that, he claims, only one other person possesses, the President of the United States?!Don't be a racist! SHARE this post!Yeah, he has a friend so well connected in the Pentagon that he can get a piece of the fuselage and just send it out to anyone. This friend also must think so highly of Williams that he couldn’t think of anyone else that would want it, this friend in the Defense Department. And why did this friend think Williams would want it even, did they sit around talking about such stuff at Williams Sunday BBQ’s? That would be like me getting a piece of fabric from The Spirit of St. Louis and sending it off to my friend Bill O’Reilly in hopes that it might mean something to him. I think he keeps a secret journal just to keep track of the shit he makes up.HeadbangerguyNot as impressive as that loaves and fishes trick he pulled off at his cousin’s wedding.MicahStoneInstead of firing Lyin’ Brian, nbc/comcast just plans to serve him up on a sesame seed bun. (In case you were wondering… NBC OFFICIAL STATEMENT: HELL NO !!!! You can’t have it your way !!!!)“He knew right away what it was”. Wiliams strongly implies its the Chopper from the OBL raid but doesn’t say it. He’s lieing…again. This is a more clever lie because he leaves himself a back door to say he was mistaken but once again the guy is putting himself in the action like the psychopathic valor stealing narcissist he is.MercynealUnbelievable. This has to end… This is easily fact checkable. Produce the fuselage, Brian. We’re waiting..MercynealWilliams said this helicopter piece was “made from a material that most people haven’t seen or held in their hands” and yet children were selling pieces of this as a souvenir?Kneave RiggallI still have the fuselage! To this day, I still have the fuselage!placitasThanks, Soopermexican, for your due diligence on this. You have been one of the biggest players, if not the biggest, in driving William’s serial bs out in the open.Guy at Pentagon: (Digs piece of scrap metal out of dumpster) Here, tell him it came the chopper that crashed in the Bin Laden raid. What? Of course, he’ll believe it. Oh, and tell him we also gave a piece to the president.He has friends in the Special Op community? I find that hard to believe just as it is hard to believe anything that comes out of his mouth.mauser 98December 26, 2001 “Usama bin Laden has died a peaceful death due to an untreated lung complication, the Pakistan Observer reported, citing a Taliban leader who allegedly attended the funeral of the Al Qaeda leader.”You would think being a calculating, err, celebrated international correspondent would be enough but NOOOO. A Progs gotta lie, right next to breathe, in their reptilian brain response.greetingsfromyonkersI’m sick of this shit. I am therefore challenging both Mr Williams and President Obama to produce, respectively, the piece of fuselage and the complete, certified undergraduate records from Columbia University.So BTLL, otherwise known as Brian the lying liberal, has a piece of a chopper that crashed. One might ask why would a lying POS like him value a piece of the chopper that crashed on a mission that supposedly led to the death of one of his favorite muslimes? What possible value could he see in that other than to say he is only one of two “special people”who are connected enough to obtain something like that?Liberalism truly is a mental disorder, so those who adhere to it should be institutionalized for their own protection and for the protection of America.redbirddebHe got suspended w/out pay for 6 months. Did anyone else besides me feel that slap on the wrist? Once you lose your cred, Bri, it’s like Twitter: forever.