What's OnWOUB FMWOUB AMFeatured AudioDavid Wright Jr., digital product designer for Twitter in San Francisco, says that great design elements can elevate a person’s media experience – whether it is when you are consuming a journalistic story or when using social media.Romina Spina covers politics and business for the renowned Swiss daily newspaper Neue Zurcher Zeitung. She's interested the economy, globalization, international trade and human rights issues. Additionally, she has contributed to German academic publications.Currently, she is touring the United States to learn more about states’ trade missions to Asia and how luring foreign companies to a state affects average citizens in those states. To date, she has learned about foreign investment in South Carolina and Georgia. She will continue her studies across the country.In 2007, Eric Mayville was getting his degree from the School of Visual Communication in the Scripps College of Communication. Eight years later, he has founded a business with 60 employees and two locations in New York City and Columbus. Eric Mayville is a success story.This Westerville, Ohio native returned to Ohio University this week to speak at the annual Schuneman Symposium on New Media and Photojournalism and inspire students to be entrepreneurs in the rapidly changing media environment.Latoya Peterson, deputy editor of the Voices for fusion.net, is a strong proponent of journalists evidencing humanity in storytelling and not just being “content providers.”Peterson told students at the annual Schuneman Symposium on New Media and Photojournalism that journalists have an obligation and a responsibility to look for the things that no one is talking about and then report the truth.She says that journalists must defend humanity and not just provide content that has little to no meaning.They overcome the odds. They sacrifice for the greater good. They trade in problems for possibilities. You may know them as neighbors, coaches, colleagues, or friends. At Studio B, we honor them as Hometown Heroes, ordinary citizens whose everyday efforts strengthen the communities of Southeastern Ohio. Each has a unique story and together they inspire us to make a difference.