The Marketer's Pocket Guide to Writing WellJoin 59,000 marketing professionals who have already downloaded this offer!Writing well isn't easy for most people. But if you work in marketing, writing is an essential part of your job. To capture an audience, you must know how to write concise and compelling copy.The good news is: you can write well, no matter how “unqualified” you think you are as a writer. The Marketer’s Pocket Guide to Writing Well will give you the tips you need to improve your writing.The Pocket Guide contains helpful tips and tools to:Get over any of your writing fearsBecoming a better writerGet from start to finish with any pieceYou CAN write."But I'm not a writer."What makes you a writer is that you’ve written something. What other sign are you waiting for? A book deal? For the Queen to appoint you Poet Laureate? A LinkedIn Skills endorsement? No one needs to know that you “are” or “are not” a writer; it’s of no consequence. Write something. And then write something else."I haven't written since college."University education has no bearing on your ability to write. If you need proof, just go pull an old term paper. You’d be astounded how ridiculous spending $40,000 a year makes you sound."I'm not good enough."You might be right – perhaps you’re not very good. But to get good, you’ll need to sit down and just do it already. (Have faith. Most people won’t even get this far. So you’re already better at writing than them.)"Writing takes me forever."The more you do it, the less time it will take – because you’ll be over the fear. (Or at least you’ll have learned to suppress it deep, deep down.)"I don't have anything to say."You have value in just being you. Let that show through in your writing – very few others will have the guts. Be genuine. Be open. Show someone why you care. That passion delivers value enough."I always get writer's block."Writer’s block is an annoyance, but it’s not a reason not to write. Force yourself to get started wherever it’s easiest – jotting down an outline, pulling quotes, conceiving storylines – just for the sake of making a blank screen less intimidating."Words are hard for me."Just start. Begin writing, even if you have to delete it later. Putting words to paper – brilliant words, stupid words, any words – is the only way you have a chance at creating something worthwhile.There's no excuse for why you can't start writing. Start today, with the help of this ebook. And if you're not convinced, listen to what some HubSpotters have to say:"When it comes time to put pen to paper (or fingers to keys), don't worry about sounding pretty: Just write! This is something I still struggle with. When I start writing, I always worry that the words aren't flowing as smoothly as they could be or that there's some better word or phrase out there that could more accurately convey what I'm trying to say. As a result, I get slowed down. What I've learned is that when you're writing a first draft, you should focus only on what you want to say, then you can go back and improve how you're saying it. Put another way: Always make sure you've finished building the house before you start decorating it." - Erik Devaney, Content Strategist"In order to get moving on my goal of becoming a better writer, I committed to writing one blog post a week for HubSpot. I worked out a schedule with the blogging team, which meant I was accountable for my work and couldn't just say 'Meh, I'll do it next week.' When I couldn't think about what to write about, needed some guidance in positioning a piece, or just wanted general advice on how to make my writing stronger, I reached out to my wonderfully resourceful, pro-blogger colleagues. It's a learning process, but remember, there are always people to help you improve your writing." - Niti Shah, Email Marketing"I never considered myself a 'writer' and I never considered writing one of my strengths, but now I love creating content. The key for me is to take advantage of the moments when I have bursts of creative energy. It's incredibly hard for me to sit down and write on demand. But every once in a while, I'll have a burst of creative energy and want to get some ideas -- or blog posts -- down. And no matter how brief that moment, I take advantage of it. At this point, I've probably drafted more blog articles while waiting at the airport than sitting at a desk." - Ellie Mirman, Inbound Marketing Funnel Manager"I hated writing -- and still hate writing -- when I feel like I have to put on an affected persona. Whenever I'm feeling deep vitriol ... like, just unabashed hatred for something I'm writing ... I go into lose-the-bullshit mode. I stop trying to sound like someone else or freaking out about what I think readers and my boss want to hear from me. Not only is it way easier to write when you're being yourself, but you can also actually look yourself in the mirror and say, 'Hey, that thing you spent all your time on today wasn't a complete lie,' and be proud of what you put out at the end of the day." - Corey Eridon, Senior Blog Editor"Read, read, and then read some more. You can't become a literary guru, a guest blogger, or even a caption writer if you don't read anything but emails. Weaving words together to create the perfect sounds to make a sentence will be a lot easier after you've seen someone else do it. Check out 'Writers on Writing: Collected Essays from The New York Times.' It's full of writing quirks and rituals that help great authors get it all down on paper." - Hannah Fleishman, Media Relations"I took the rules of writing pretty seriously while in school. Once I learned that those rules don'talways have to be followed to create engaging content, I started to love it. I could be friendly and informal! I could use curse words to make a point! I could end sentences in prepositions! I could start sentences with conjunctions! Without needing to follow certain rules to get a certain grade, I could spend more time on what I was trying to do all along: communicate something to someone else." - Ginny Soskey, Staff Writer"The hardest part about writing, for me, is coming up with the storyline. That's why I use data. When you run a really great experiment and track all the results, a blog post will pretty much write itself. Try using the scientific method as your outline: Ask a question, come up with a hypothesis, share your process for experimentation, analyze your data, and draw a conclusion. Boom! Instant blog post." - Brittany Leaning, Content Strategist"The only way to get better at writing is to write. You should do it every day. It's a lot like learning to play piano or any other instrument. You need to practice -- a lot and consistently. Over time, you'll get better at it." - Dan Lyons, Marketing Fellow"Writer's block is a comforting lie we tell ourselves so we can stop writing and go do other, more pleasurable things. If your fingers still work, you can write. Sit down at the same time every day and start typing. Most of my pages start off with strings of nonsense words or lyrics to pop songs. That's okay. You're just getting the wheels greased, blowing the cobwebs out so the real words can come out."What you really want to write about that day probably won't show up until about the fourth or fifth paragraph at the soonest, so you have to push on through until you get to the good stuff. And there's no skipping ahead. That's not some nonsense rule teachers made up -- it's the physics of writing. It's a law of nature. It's science. You have to write the crappy first few hundred words before the relatively decent, not-too-bad, and hey-this-is-actually-kinda-promising words will feel it is safe to come out. Make them feel safe to come out by pouring out all of those ridiculous little sentences onto the page at your designated time every day. Good words are like children: They love ritual. Give it to them." - Beth Dunn, User Experience Editor