Are Arsenal in trouble if 34-goal Premier League striker isn’t available?Since his return from injury in November, Olivier Giroud has ploughed a vein of rich form. He has scored goals against Manchester United and away at Liverpool and Manchester City- seemingly answering one of the most common criticisms levelled against him, that he doesn’t produce against better sides. Giroud’s physicality offers a nice blend for some of Arsenal’s more incisive, subtle attacking play.Giroud is something of a pivot around which the Arsenal attack likes to orbit and lately he has varied the positions he takes up to make space for his teammates, utilising the channels as well as the edge of the penalty area this season. The question as to how Arsenal would cope with a Giroud injury is a fair one given his current form, but it’s also a question many would have been inclined to ask about Danny Welbeck just a few months ago. Lest we forget that Arsenal did play sans Olivier for four months this season.Welbeck does not share Giroud’s penchant for flicks and feints on the lip of the penalty area, but he is fastidious with the ball, rarely surrendering possession in the centre forward position. I would argue that Giroud is slightly better and more robust in an aerial battle, but Welbeck is certainly not lacking in that area. He has the physical properties to lead the line, the ball retention required of an Arsenal attacker and has the pace to play on the shoulder of the centre half to boot.How Arsenal would cope without Giroud and Welbeck is a more troublesome question. Alexis Sanchez has played as a false nine on a few occasions this season, with limited success. Back in August, the Chilean was hooked at half time in favour of Giroud, who scored a crucial last minute equaliser in his stead. At Southampton on New Year’s Day, injury to Welbeck and suspension for Giroud saw Alexis play at the head of Arsenal’s front three and the Gunners again struggled to create anything of note.Alexis’ wanderlust makes him a less than ideal centre forward for Arsenal’s formation. He is too keen to involve himself in the build-up play, which can leave a hole at centre forward. This makes it easier for opposing centre halves to deal with Arsenal’s passing game as they do not have an obstacle to occupy them. There would likely be a similar issue with Walcott in a false 9 position, Theo probably needs a more physical forward alongside him since his game, whilst effective, is not especially varied.However, Walcott showed some very positive signs of having worked on an all-round centre forward game in the 2-0 win over Spurs in the F.A. Cup last January. Injury in that game cruelly robbed him of the chance to build on that. If Giroud and Welbeck were to be simultaneously unavailable, then Chuba Akpom might be a superior option. Having just been persuaded to ink a new four-year deal, it looks as though the manager would trust him with the responsibility too.