There aren't enough stars to choose from! Whim did an amazing job with our wedding (and pre-wedding), making it far more magical than we had imagined. They designed a unique [and highly acclaimed] engagement photoshoot that brought out the best in us, making us look fantastic! Their very knowledgeable consultations beforehand, helped us to better coordinate the tasks that we wanted to handle personally, and the tasks they took on blew us away! We left the decor in their hands in complete confidence [having seen some of their previous work], and it was even better than we had hoped! They do such a great job of providing confidence in their abilities and knowledge, allowing us to concentrate on other things. Everyone we've spoken to continually tells us how beautiful the wedding was and raves about the various design elements they added, making the wedding more memorable. They were a HUGE help to us and more than worth every dollar! I can't recommend them enough!Whim Event Coordination and Design responded with the following comments:Ashley & Ben - it's been a few weeks since your wedding and we missssss our weekly wedding calls and all of the planning! You two were such a pleasure, and the wedding really was beautiful. Michelle and I can't begin to thank you for your kind words! We wish you the happiest of marriages and we're so excited to see what's next for the two of you :) :) :)Whim is absolutely fantastic and a pleasure to work with! From coordination to invitation design, seating arrangements to assisting with assembling wedding favors. They are hands on, and all little things easily forgotten, Whim was there to leave no detail untouched! What I loved most about them is that they were always available. As any busy bride knows, planning a wedding can be hectic and stressful. Whim Events was available to call me and email me on MY schedule, and they made it convenient for me to reach them when planning my big day. Thank you again for your impeccable attention to detail, invitation designs and countless consultations to ensure my event was what I have always imagined it to be.Whim Event Coordination and Design responded with the following comments:Hi Farah & Imran,It was an absolute pleasure to assist with your gorgeous wedding! We still squeal when we look at your invitations! I can't believe it's already been over a year and a half since the wedding! We are wishing you the utmost happiness and success in every thing that you do and we are so excited to see what comes next for you two lovebirds.What a wonderful experience working with WHIM! Such commitment and professionalism when working with these wonderful ladies. All of our wedding stationery which included; save the dates, bridal shower invitations, wedding invitations, Thank you cards for both our wedding and my bridal shower, menu cards and favour tags were done by the talented Michelle Brijlal. What an amazing job she did, we were so over the moon with excitement with every finished product! She was dedicated, put so much attention to detail in our invites and made sure we were happy every step of the way. Our wedding stationaries were so beautiful! and to this day we can't be more happy with them. We love working with Whim so much that we have continued to work with them for my baby shower planning & invites, my daughters's baptism invites and soon my daughter's first birthday planning & invites!! We just love working with them!!Thank you to the ladies of WHIM for the outstanding job that they do! We would highly recommend working with these amazing ladies. xoxo