Lyudmila Putin was born January 6, 1958. She would have a normal childhood and would graduate from Leningrad State University as a linguist. Lyudmila would go on to work as a fight attendant for Aeroflot airlines. It would be here that she would meet her future husband, Vladimir Putin. She would leave the airlines and would become a teacher of German for a time but that would be it for outside jobs. You see once she married Vladimir in 1983 her life in the outside world would almost come to an end.She and Vladimir would have two girls Mariya and Yekaterina. The girls would never have their pictures taken and when they went off to school their names would be changed to protect them. Their friends would never really know who they actually were.The Putin's would be like most Russian families except Vladimir would entertain and Lyudmila would serve as hostess. Putin would always keep his family life a secret even to the extent that when asked about a possible affair in 2008 with Alina Kayabeva an ex Olympic gymnast the newspaper the reporter worked for was closed within two weeks.The marriage endured for the sake of his career until finally he was saying that if anyone could live with her for three weeks that he would be a hero. Lyudmila would say that Vladimir was like a vampire and he sucked the life out of everyone. Lyudmila loved to talk about astrology and Vladimir would humiliate her in public because of it.Their marriage would finally end after some 30 years this past June. The two said it was an amicable divorce and that they would always be friends but you could see that they were both happy to be rid of one another.Lyudmila was never one to be seen in public when they were married. She never really cared for the public side of her husbands work but she was the dutiful wife. After the divorce, Lyudmila has literally gone underground. No one seems to know her whereabouts and the Kremlin simply states that they are not sure of where she is at. Let us not forget her ex husband used to be the KGB and Vladimir knows all .