Renata HillRenata Hill is a mother and full-time student currently earning an Associates degree in Human Services at the Borough of Manhattan Community College. Her story is featured in the critically acclaimed documentary Out in the Night which explores the charges and conviction of Renata and three other women (labeled by the media as the New Jersey Four) for fighting back against a man who attacked them on a street in New York in 2006. The film examines how race, sexual orientation and gender violence affect ideas about safety and self-defense. After her release, she worked with the HWWP (Hour Working Women Program) in the mentoring department in Long Island City, mentoring young children and teens who are affected due to the absence of an incarcerated parent. She speaks publicly about her experience with violence, prison, her life's challenges and accomplishments on panels, at universities, in the media, and is touring film festivals in support of Out in the Night which has been awarded several festival jury and audience awards since its world premiere in June 2014. Renata is at her best today and continues to be positive and challenge life.Zahyr LaurenZahyr Lauren is a proud Black transmasculine gender non-conforming human serving the community as a Staff Attorney with the Sylvia Rivera Law Project, and the Director of SRLP’s Survival and Self Determination Project. Zah originally hails from the great state of California. Ze is the youngest of four, with three incredible older brothers. After some years as an Investigator and Mitigation Specialist working with and for incarcerated people, Zahyr earned a JD at Northeastern University Law. Ze is a firm believer in the idea that the lawyers place in revolution is one of support and service. Zahyr is dedicated to being a part of a movement that amplifies those voices that the law intentionally tries to shut out. When not at work, ze can be found loving and building with the Bois of bklynboihood, huggin' on the nieces and nephews, or relaxing at home.Tiq MilanTiq Milan is a writer, GLAAD spokesperson and media maker. He was featured in a national media campaign for Live Out Loud's Homecoming Project, is a contributing author to the anthology Trans Bodies, Trans Selves, and is the Co-Chair for the LGBT taskforce of the National Association of Black Journalists. Prior to his work in media, Tiq was a mentor and teacher at the Hetrick-Martin Institute, home to the only all LGBT high school in the country, Harvey Milk High. He's been on CNN, Al Jazeera America, MTV, Huff Post Live and MSNBC discussing the issues facing the transgender community. He has penned articles for BET.com, Rolling Stone, The New York Times, The Source, Vibe and others on issues facing the LGBT movement. Tiq is the former editor-in-chief of IKONS magazine, an LGBT pop culture magazine, and has been a freelance pop culture journalist for several years, interviewing people from Jay-Z to Cicely Tyson. He documented his transition in the films U People and Realness.Nominations were reviewed by JD Samson, Murray Hill, Eliza Byard and dapperQ at the invitation of Ace Hotel New York.