At this year's DO Lectures Australia there are 2 Giving Chairs ~ front row seats for clever minds to gain more than they can imagine.Perhaps one of these seats is for you?“At every DO, we seek the most diverse mixture of guests possible. A balanced microcosm. It makes for the best dinner conversation. To help this along, we created The Giving Chair; a sponsored spot at the DO Lectures Australia so that people with ideas that can change the world… can attend for free. Yup, free.All an applicant has to do is submit a 90 second video to tell us about themselves and their big idea that could change the world, and then another after the event to pass on everything they learned to the company that foot the bill for their chair. A pretty fair exchange, we reckon.If you're sitting in a Giving Chair, get ready for a life explosion! By the end of every DO Giving Chair winners are usually awestruck and outrageously happy.And you never know what could happen. Last year, a speaker was unavailable last minute so we welcomed a giving chair recipient on stage. He WOW-ed from the stage with his incredible story and made his mark with so many people.So, here’s the offer to you.. create a wonderful video to become a Giving Chair recipient at Do Lectures Australia. The idea doesn’t need to be big. It could be beautifully simple. Maybe you’re doing it already, or you’ve got it scribbled down on the back of an envelope. You don’t need to be an inventor or a world leader - just passionate.To be chosen for a Giving Chair you must be a student (18 years old or above) OR an entrepreneur OR an ideas person who financially can't afford DO while you're making your big idea happen. Yep, we’re that broad in our thinking. Make who you are and your big idea count.Apply by emailing fun@DoLectures.com.au the links to your 90 second video (both Vimeo and YouTube links would be so helpful to us thanks). The deadline for submissions is Wednesday 11 February, 2015. Not long!We'll confirm the names of those receiving Giving Chairs to Do Lectures Australia by 25th February, 2015.You'll also record your experience at Do Lectures Australia and create a 90 second video passing on everything you learn to the company that has footed the bill for your chair. Email this to us and your Giving Chair sponsor on Monday 30th March, 2015. Pop that date in your diary DO-er and give your sponsor something so worthy of their contribution to you!Do get your clever out there on the internetz by sharing the link to your Giving Chair videos via Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram. Include #DoLectures so it hits the lovely Do stream. Thanks!