‘Pensioner bonds’ will cost the taxpayer £500million and do little to boost the real economyThe Government is borrowing billions from wealthy pensioners at a far higher interest rate than it could get from the capital markets, diverting potential investment away from infrastructure and businesses.The Government’s decision to borrow billions from wealthier pensioners rather than the capital markets will cost British tax payers around £500million. That’s enough to give a direct cash payment of hundred of pounds to each of our two million poorest pensioners, or cut tuition fees by over a thousand pounds for all new university students. Rather than refinancing the nation’s debt at very expensive rates, it would be better to use the savings of the over 65s to directly invest in the real economy instead.The first billion pounds worth of ‘pensioner bonds’ have sold out within 2 days, in what George Osborne has described as “the biggest opening sale of any retail financial product in Britain’s modern history”. First announced by the Government late last year, there are two types of pensioner bond: a 1 year bond with an annual interest rate of 2.8% and a 3 year bond with an annual rate of 4%. If you’re over 65, you can purchase up to £10,000 of each type. Merryn Somerset Webb from MoneyWeek magazine has described the bonds as “a tax-payer funded bribe for elderly voters”, noting that only wealthier pensioners are likely to have this kind of money available rather than locked up in their pensions.The bonds are great news for those that can afford them. A £10,000 investment will provide a pre-tax gain of around £1,250 after 3 years, not far off double what’s available from the most competitive comparable opportunity. This is why investment firm Hargreave’s Lansdown said it “expects them to fly off the shelves”. And many pensioners undoubtedly feel the bonds are the least they deserve. After all, since the 2007-08 crisis the combination of historic low interest rates combined with quantitative easing and inflation have meant many have seen no return on their savings whatsoever. Arguably they’re due some recompense.But for everyone else this is not such a good deal. The Government has said it plans to raise £10 billion in total through pensioner bonds, even though it could borrow from the capital markets at far lower interest rates. Last week the market interest rates for 1 and 3 year UK Government gilds were 0.3% and 0.6% respectively. In practice, this means interest payments on £10 billion of pensioner bonds could be £500 million more than if we were to borrow the same amount through the capital markets. It’s the tax payer who must ultimately pick up this bill.Are pensioner bonds really the best use of £500 million of public money? After all, for the UK’s poorest 1.8 million over 65s who live in poverty, and who will have no opportunity to benefit from pensioner bonds, £500 million pounds would provide a £280 direct cash payment to each and every one of them. Or for the young, who will carry the burden of paying back the national debt incurred by their parents and grandparents, £500 million could reduce university tuition fees by around £1,300 this year for all new full-time undergraduate students.The misallocation of scarce resources is arguably not the only flaw with pensioner bonds however. By locking up £10 billion of pensioners’ savings in short term Government debt, the policy also risks undermining much needed investment in the real economy.One of the main reasons many pensioners have been getting such low interest on their spare cash is that they have tended to keep it with their bank. Rather than putting it to good use by investing in future economic activity such as businesses growth or building new infrastructure, this cash sits idle in a savings account, little more that a liability for the bank to pay back in the future at a time it cannot control.And whilst pensioner bonds will succeed in enticing this money out of savings accounts, they fail by locking it up in very short term Government debt. Because 1 or 3 years is not long enough for the Government to make productive economic investments that increase future tax revenues, this borrowing will in effect be used to exchange current debt repayments for future repayments. And at 4% a year, this is an expensive way to manage the nation’s accounts.A better economic approach would be to use the record low interest rates offered by the capital markets to refinance national debt at virtually no cost, whilst at the same time encourage mechanisms like peer-to-peer lending and investment crowdfunding to direct pensioner savings into the real economy. If, after this, there is still £500 million spare, then our poorest pensioners and indebted youth will be first in the line for their fair share.Interest repayments on £10bn borrowed from pensioner bonds was calculated assuming a 50:50 split between 1 and 3 year bonds and a 20% tax rate. Interest repayments on £10bn borrowed from the capital markets assumes the same 50:50 split at interest rates of 0.3% and 0.6% respectively. The difference of around £500m depends on these assumptions.According to Age UK, there are currently 1.8 million pensioners in the UK living in poverty.SearchAbundance on TwitterAbundance on FacebookImportant – please readAs with any investment product there are risks. Part or all of your original invested capital may be at risk and any return on your investment depends on the success of the project invested in. All our products are long term investments and may not be readily realisable (and their value can rise or fall). Estimated rates of return are variable and estimates are no guarantee of actual return. Specific risks with each product will apply. Consider all risks before investing and read the Offer Document for each investment. Read more...