Log In to GameFAQsKasumi is a nukenin (runaway shinobi) from the sexually explicit, sexually exploited Dead or Alive titles. Having failed to find her brother Hayate, she thought she'd try to find a place she could relax, if only for a while. With the constant threat on her life from Ayame, her half-sister, Kasumi had been on the run for a while after being branded a traitor for leaving her clan to look for her brother. Camp Crystal Lake seemed like the perfect place to hide. For one, it wasn't in Japan and so Ayame may have a tough time tracking her down in the US of A. Upon her arrival, Samas and Jill who were very impressed by Kasumi’s very impressive cleavage greeted her. "Wow, you've got big..." Samas muttered as she looked down at her tiny potatoes. Jill, if only for a moment, thought that the tight hugging top she'd been wearing, hadn't been such a good idea. Her breasts were tiny in comparison to Kasumi's, however; thoughts of inadequacy disappeared almost instantly. She wasn't here for a rival match; she was here for a vacation. Kasumi though, had noticed Samas' eyes; they were fixated on her exploited area. Uncomfortable, Kasumi crossed her arms over her chest. Samas cleared her throat, "I'm so sorry about that," she said slightly ashamed, envious and disappointed, "They're just so...big". Kasumi smiled and greeted them both happily, trying to avoid eye contact with Samas... was Samas attracted to her somehow? That was beside the point and after the friendly, yet uncomfortable introduction, Kasumi went into the log cabin. It offered her shelter, food and the outside offered her a small part that reminded her ever so slightly of home. All she needed was a makeover and someone around here should know a thing or two about makeovers. "Should they mess up my perfect looks though, I'll just have to beat them up DOA style," Kasumi said as she pulls a tennis like net from a small closet. She went outside in her bikini and set up a small volleyball court. The girls crowded around intrigued and that's when the games had begun.Roll is a female robot who was created to help Megaman in janitorial duties- that was until Megaman became a super, kickass robot boy who could rival even the power (may be) of Astro Boy. Roll- who is quite weak- was captured by an evil doctor and programmed to get away, far away from Megaman and this is how she found Camp Crystal Lake. However, Megaman was glad that he was rid of the nuisance Roll- he always had to save her. Upon first arriving, the whole camp became dead, silent, staring at Roll as if she didn't belong. For one she was robot and a child robot at that. Roll, though, thought this would be a place to learn some advanced tips from some of the most beautiful women she had ever encountered. The ninja girl seemed to have big breasts, another, a vampire succubus of some kind just sat there staring into the forest as if waiting for something important to happen was beautiful. Another woman in a tight top was cocking her weapon, what seemed like a standard handgun to Roll and then another who seemed to be feeding a weird star like creature. Anyway, Roll was sure she could learn a lot here, maybe just enough to steal Megaman's heart. Jason's arrival though would test whatever minimal strength Roll had, and when some slender woman barrelled out of the lake forest, dual guns blazing, Roll knew something terrible was afoot. The six-foot giant walked out riddled with bullets and so, just like everyone else, Roll charged her beam and took aim at the man in the Hockey Mask.The sexy succubus whose name originated from Morrigan, the Irish goddess of War, is probably one of the most recognizable Capcom characters in existence. First appearing in the popular Darkstalkers series, Capcom obviously felt compelled to place her in other cross over titles such as Namco X Capcom (sigh, only Japanese release), the shump Gunbird 2 and the highly popular, Marvel vs Capcom 2, as well as numerous other titles in the vast Capcom universe. Supposedly, Morrigan lives for adventure, excitement and the thrill of battle. Being based on a goddess of war, you'd need to have certain tendencies that pertain to certain situations such as violence in battle. Morrigan came to Camp Crystal Lake because of the Jason myth and she was the only one to know of such a myth. She wanted the myth to be real, wanted Jason to be alive and ready to kill. It would sate her appetite for dangerous adventure and she would have the pleasure of defeating him in battle, summoning a bunch of bats to drain him dry. Camp Crystal Lake wasn't about meeting up with the girls, as she was far more beautiful than anyone there- may be that girl with the big breasts... her only competition. It wasn't about parties, pillow fights, volleyball, swimming, bathing or makeovers; she just wanted to fight and this would provide her with yet another chance to prove that she was the ultimate female fighter in the world. As she arrives at the lake, descending from the skies like a dark angel, the girls sensed something ominous, however, Morrigan's beauty spoke a different kind of language; she wasn't evil and this relaxed them. It was only a moment before Lara Croft came running from the forests that surrounded the lake, her back towards the cabin, guns blazing in the directing she came. Lara had somehow found a relic, some sort of a weapon hidden deep within the forest and upon her exit from the forest, Jason walked (as he did in his films) towards her despite the constant flash of bullets that pummelled his broad chest. The sound of bullets sparked a fury, a fire, a fierce passion throughout Morrigan and Jason's arrival, well Morrigan rejoiced; she was going to put an end to the on going terror Jason brought to Camp Crystal Lake.Joy is that super cool, feisty, tough biker chick from Mue 2. Joy really knows how to handle herself, or so she thinks she can. However, underneath all that toughness, there is actually a sensitive side to Joy and a mixture of both sides is what truly makes Joy a great female character. Now Joy was saddened for many reasons that compelled her to take this small break away from Hong Kong. Ryo Hazuki, her main source of adventure had departed to Guilin, the beautiful countryside of China. Ren, the rebel of Aberdeen was only interested in money and despite the obvious connection between the two, Ren just wasn't Ryo. Without the thrill of danger and adventure she was getting when with Ryo, Joy sought to travel abroad in search of her own adventure and this led her to Camp Crystal Lake. Female heaven for the next week, and now with the sighting of Jason, Joy was going to have some sought of adventure even without Ryo around. However, Joy is the only female on this list that has the highest chance of dying. With no abilities but her sexual prowess, Joy seems like an easy target for Mr. Voorhees. Lucky for Joy, she was allowed to transport her trusty motorcycle over from Hong Kong and she's about to tear up the flanks of Camp Crystal Lake, therefore making it look like a complete trash heap. There stands Jason as Joy blitzes through the camp like wild fire; stones and dirt flick up and in wake of the bike and Jason is bombarded by an abundance of mud and rock, blinding whatever vision the demonic entity possessed. She cracks a cheeky smile and speeds off into the distance relishing this newfound adventure. Joy really was one cool chick.Millenia is a feisty, hot-headed teen that also happens to be the wings of Valmar. Valmar, for those who are curious, is the god of evil in the world of Grandia 2. Millenia is quite a mystery and has a habit of popping up here and there whenever she feels like it. It always feels as though she's hiding some secret agenda and she's quite good at being mysterious. However, when it comes to guys, Millenia is a bit of a clinger. Millenia has a sultry / succubus kinda appearance and once she's found home, she doesn't stop until she gets what she wants. Her reasons for coming to Camp Crystal Lake was to get away from it all- Ryudo still hadn't turned up all these years later, and she had been stuck at that stupid school in Liligue City waiting for his return. She found out that Camp Crystal Lake was having a females only week, and Millenia would use this spare time in order to sort out her priorities. She couldn't wait her whole life for the man of her dreams to return. "He's probably with her, that Elena! How could you Ryudo?" this thought filled her heart with despair and distress. This vacation would be perfect. However, upon arriving, the sight of Jill Valentine, Samas Aran and Kasumi nearly brought Millenia to tears. So much beauty abounds here. Sure, she couldn't compete with Elena's pureness and gentle streak, but all this beauty in such a small place. Then she turned her eyes to Misty and Roll. "Well at least I'm trouncing a few hopeless women". After a few days, Jason arrived and Millenia was strangely pleased. She was surrounded once again by a strange evil that felt reminiscent to Valmar. What is this power? She once again felt that lust for evil energy course through her, it would make her happy just absorb just a little of this evil, make her stronger until she was reunited with Ryudo. However, Ryudo was all for good and so after a few seconds of contemplation, Millenia decided to get out her bow and arrow and thought that if she killed all evil that walked the land, that may be fate and karma would bring Ryudo back to her. She is the Wings of Valmar after all and so Jason would have his work cut out for him.Jason Voorhees versus Misty, the red haired, hot-headed Cerulean Gym leader from the Pokemon cartoon and gaming titles. Misty, though tough in her own right, becomes tougher when you know what she is packing. Forget handguns, they're so obsolete; Misty knows how to utilize the awesome weapons Water Gun, Bubblebeam and Hydro Pump or more so the befriended Pocket Monster who know them, learn them and use them. Specializing in water type Pokemon, Misty thought that Camp Crystal Lake's perfect glistening waters would provide herself and her precious water Pokemon with the perfect vacation. She would relax while they swam through the camps huge waters that surrounded them. It seemed like the perfect opportunity to get away from Ash, his annoying voice actor Veronica (identical to Max’s voice in Dinosaur King) and his everlasting, yet futile attempts to become the world’s best trainer. It would be peaceful, chatty, fun and water skiing seemed like a fantastic idea- she going to enter her Starmie into the Pokemon Water Olympics. The idea of a girl’s week in felt wonderful and she could always take tips from the other more experienced women on how to become a more attractive woman. She did have constant competition from numerous nurse Joys and Officer Jennies and this intimidated her; Brock’s lust and eagerness didn’t help her insecurities either. Thus, Misty toughened up to hide her insecurities- and this week could allow her to become more feminine. It was a chance for a complete makeover, the whole shebang. However, Jason's sudden appearance has caused quite a stir and in order to maintain survival, Misty and her water Pokemon must battle. However, should the press arrive before his demise; Misty's fight to keep her insecurities about her femininity secret will be unearthed and flaunted to the whole of Johto. This is her worst nightmare and would damage any chance of her Starmie claiming a spot in the Pokemon Water OlympicsThe kick ass, space exploring, space pirate killing bounty hunter, Samas Aran is the perfect woman you'd like to have by your side. She's adventurous, strong, independent, and efficient and can take on hordes of aliens, monsters and space pirates. Being experienced in advanced weaponry (as she practically lives in her armoured suit), Samas is a one-woman war machine. Suited to a role often associated with a man, Samas caused quite a frenzy when at the end of the first Metroid was revealed as a woman. This was one of coolest gaming moments and not only allowed Samas to become an instant female icon- she is tough, blonde and sexy- but also provided proof that women could be just as formidable as men. Samas was all women, but completely and utterly capable of defending herself and after her tough ordeal with the terrestrials of Tallon IV, well, I'm pretty sure Mr. Hockey Face would have his work cut out from him. Anyway, for Samus this break all was about letting loose that extra bulk, about being completely and utterly free of armour and weapons and space pirates. It was a moment she could slip out of that armoured suit and in to a swimsuit, catch a tan, write some poetry about her adventures, have a barbecue and pillow fights without having her toughness questioned. It was a time she could sit with other normally ogled action vixens and talk girly stuff without any intrusion. However, her perfect break was about to become yet another nightmare and although Space Pirates weren't the deal here, Jason Voorhees promises to be a complete and utter nuisance and poor Samas once again has to don that space suit to rid her vacation of any threat. However, even if for only a moment, she thought about blasting away her female competition- mainly Kasumi, she really did have enormous breasts. "Sure, I may have the bigger machine, and an awesome arsenal, but she, she has the most perfect breasts ever" the thought led Samas' into a frenzy, shooting various torpedoes and blasts at Jason. This would save her from blasting Kasumi into kingdom come... for now.Although Samas was the first female icon, truly Lara Croft was video games first real sexual icon. I remember there being numerous weird and slightly bizarre men or adolescents who would lust after the early versions of this polygon babe, positioning Lara so that the camera focused on her cleavage... quite shameful and desperate indeed. What made it worse was that they ended up bragging about it afterwards. I remember nodding my head at those perpetrators as I wondered what went through their heads. .... Well, I saw Lara in a different light. Sure she was cool, sexy (Especially when Angelina took on her role), but in essence, she was just a computer program. Now based on her abilities: she can shoot dual handguns with insane accuracy at moving targets while performing numerous acrobatic movements at the same time. She can dodge carnivorous dinosaurs, carnivorous fish, psychotic explorers, skeleton warriors, bears and a whole bunch of other horrific enemies that she may happen to encounter. On another note, Lara has the uncanny ability to solve complex puzzles as well as escaping numerous hazards and traps set by gods, devils, demons and mad men. Lara Croft has faced much adversity and come out on top. Just try grabbing on to a swing rope in earlier versions of Tomb Raider to know how frustrating the controls are and you'd realise just how far Lara has come. So why choose Camp Crystal Lake? Lara has visited numerous exotic locations, resorts, and famous cities and the idea of a nice quiet getaway with the girls seemed like an interesting choice. However, upon unearthing Jason's machete during a small archaeological dig (she couldn't help herself) Lara unleashed a wave of unfortunate terror on the girls of Camp Crystal Lake. For (for completely fictional and coincidental reasons) the machete held Jason's revenge filled soul (somehow) and he returns to his old body which mysteriously reappears in order to wreck havoc. So, Lara versus Jason? She just keeps on surviving anything she encounters, however, Jason survives anything he encounters. May be the perfect face off. Lara may have just opened Pandora's Box.We already encountered the peep hole scene in Skies of Arcadia that allowed us to see Aika with her hair down and naughty, ogling Vyse got a sore eye from a fluffy pillow. Serves him right really, the dirty little perv was peaking at Aika through a hole... Anyway, Aika, for those who don't know, was that annoying, yet irresistible teen friend of Vyse in Skies of Arcadia, the Dreamcast's only decent RPG that actually rivalled Square's (NOT Enix) Final Fantasy series. Her weapon of choice- A gun? A Staff? Possibly a Rod/Pole? Oh, no, young Aika uses a hunting tool known as a Boomerang. Yes, boomerangs were used for hunting purposes with many tribes, so now you know that in the right hands, a boomerang can cause some serious damage. Now after the long journey across Arcadia came to its end, Fina (Vyse and Aika's friend) let loose that the moonstones had a mystical power that could zap one person to earth for a week. Aika wanted to be that person and so she decided to go to go to Camp Crystal Lake after finding a drifting pamphlet along the roadside she'd magically appeared on when zapped to earth. The pamphlet seemed inviting, a place she could let her hair down without an ogling Vyse nearby. She headed there only to be surprised by the numerous semi-nude gaming heroines all drinking soda, bathing, and skinny-dipping in the camps crystallized waters. Girls rubbing lotion on each other with no guys in sight. Aika thought this was bizarre that so many beautiful women could be in one area but not one guy in sight. However, she was wrong for Jason Voorhees was about, lurking in the bushes, just waiting for his moment to strike. If this were an hour and a half movie, he'd be lurking about the bushes for more than an hour before going on a super killing spree, killing anything that moved in the last 30 minutes of the movie; even slaughtering deer’s of the forest- he couldn't tell the difference. Blood was blood after all. Therefore, Aika once again readied and raised her mightiful boomerang into the air, ready to hunt the hunter hunting the huntress. Alpha Stormmmmmmmmmmm.Jill Valentine really is the most wonderful female to grace a video game. She may not own a super powerful suit of armour, or a handful of cute yet ferocious pocket monsters, or infinite handguns and a million acrobatic movements that defy gravity and reality, or have magical powers. However, what Jill does have is rather special. Unlike the freaks above who are super powered, Jill is just a well-trained police officer, who just happens to know how to shoot a handgun rather well, and at some of the worlds ugliest creatures ever evolved, I must say. Jill has faced hordes of zombies and shot them point blank, square in the forehead, easiest way to kill them states Carlos Olivera. Jill has relived the nightmare she encountered in the Arklay Mountains on numerous occasions and W.S Anderson (the creator of RE movies) had the nerve to make Jill look pathetic, weak and inefficient. Anyway, Jill bested the horror-infested mansion located on the outskirts of her beloved Raccoon City and despite half her team and towns people being eaten alive, she still knows how to move that nimble ass of hers to get out of dodge. Now this break seemed like a fantasy. It was a rarity, as Jill wasn't used to having many fun, pleasurable or relaxing experiences. Hell, she wasn't even used to staying in one place for too long because most places she visited of late tend to blow up. Now when she took on the Nemesis all those years ago, Jill did it with style and she looked cute too- for a video game- in that mini skirt and chest-hugging top of hers. This camping vacation, this "So-called break' would relieve her of those burdensome memories if only for a moment, or so Mr Redfield said as he pestered her with the attractive pamphlet. According to the leaflet, this camp had crystal exotic waters, snug tight and cosy cabins and log fires, picturesque scenery and supposedly the most perfect place to watch the sun set. It seemed too perfect, too quiet, too nice which made the camp itself, eerie, creepy and quite ominous. However, Jill thought about the clear scent of nature, its breezes fresh and refreshing, replacing that odious pong of putrid decaying flesh and rot that those carrion zombies usually swamped her with, and she was sold. The fresh air alone was a blessing in disguise; however, Jill was always ready for something and so next to her bedside, her specialized S.T.A.R.S Handgun, her trusty pal. Jason Voorhees wasn't going to cause this nightmare, he was going to be living this nightmare and he was going to be beaten down by ten tough gaming babes- how embarrassing.