Happens to the best of us. Just pop your email address in the box and we'll send you an email with a special "Reset your password" link.Email addressWe’ve sent you an email showing how to reset your password. If you don’t see it in the next few minutes, please check your spam folder to make sure it hasn't gone astray.Joining stv.tv is free. Once you're in, you can access all sorts of good stuff (see panel below). We'll keep you up-to-date with new STV shows, services and special offers.stv.tv is free and easy to use. Plus, we’ll keep you up to date by email about STV shows and services.Joining stv.tv is free and automatically enters you into our new fun I Love STV game. Earn points and win prizes as you keep up with your favourite programmes (see details here). Plus, once you're in, you can access all sorts of good stuff (see panel below) and we'll keep you up-to-date with new STV shows, services and special offers.stv.tv is free and easy to use. Plus, we’ll keep you up to date by email about STV shows and services and automatically enter you into our new fun I Love STV game.If you don’t want these email updates, tick here. You may miss out on news about programmes and special offers. If you are currently under 16, you should tick here anyway.stv.tv is free to join and so is entry to our sporting challenge. Earn points and win prizes as you use the site during the World Cup. You could win Champions League tickets or join us for our World Cup Final samba party (see Ts & Cs). Plus we'll keep you up to date with STV shows, services and special offers.stv.tv is free to join and so is entry to our sporting challenge. Earn points and win prizes as you use the site during the World Cup. You could win Champions League tickets or join us for our World Cup Final samba party (see Ts & Cs). Plus we'll keep you up to date with STV shows services and special offers.Smart move to use your social media account to access stv.tv. All we need now is your name and email address so we can stay in touch. You only need to do this once, and don’t worry; we promise not to give it to anyone else, ever.First nameLast nameEmailDate of birth ❓ This helps us ensure that our email communications to you are appropriate. Plus we'll send you a birthday message!No love lost as Marischal Square protest continues on Valentine's DayBy Neil Drysdale on Friday 6 February 2015ShareThe protests against the controversial Marischal Square project in Aberdeen are set to escalate in the coming weeks.STV has learned that a demonstration has been arranged for the city centre on Saturday, February 14, while campaigners against the £107m development intend to write to the Scottish Government asking for them to call in the plans for the Aberdeen site.They are also planning to contact the Parliamentary Standards Commissioner over what they claim have been deliberately misleading statements by certain councillors.Lorna McHattie, one of the leading advocates against the current Marischal Square plans, told STV on Friday that the protesters had invited three senior Aberdeen City Council members to the meeting.These are the council leader Jenny Laing, finance convener Willie Young and planning development convener Ramsay Milne.As of Friday afternoon, none of the trio had responded to the invitation.However, a recent poll carried out by the Evening Express showed exactly the opposite.We’ve updated our app to give you an even better experience. It’s packed full of everything happening in Aberdeen including all the latest news, brilliant events and great places to eat. If you enjoyed this page, why not get the app on Android or iOS?