Nature Nate’s Raw Honey & Honey Syrup for Sweet Delight! #reviewI can’t remember a time when I didn’t have a fondness for sweets. Even now as an adult I have to make a concentrated effort to reign in my sweet tooth when it seems no amount of candy, sugary drinks or pastry can curb it’s appetite. Things have really been getting out of control lately with all the chocolate commercials popping up all over the place! They’ve been making my mouth water for about a week now and the craving to gobble up every piece of candy within my reach has been a bit overwhelming. Of course, there’s no better cure for a sweet tooth than indulging in some of natures own golden candy – pure, raw and unfiltered honey!In my opinion, there is nothing that quite compares to the sweet taste of natural honey! I make a point to grab a jar or two whenever it becomes available to me, whether in our local farmers market or in our supermarket. So, when I was given the chance to work with Nature Nate’s to review some of their 100% Raw & Unfiltered Honey, of course I said yes! They sent me some of their Raw & Unfiltered Honey, Honey Syrup and a wooden tin.Nature Nate’s is based out of Dallas, my neighboring state, and makes it’s raw honey using low heat to preserve all the good, natural enzymes. It also only uses American Bees to help eliminate the potential for pesticides and to ensure high quality products.At this point, you may be asking – what is raw and unfiltered honey? Well, raw means that the honey isn’t heated above 120 degrees. This keeps all the important enzymes intact. The unfiltered part means that the honey still contains pollen. This allows it to naturally have the best flavor, aroma and nutrition.I had the chance to try out some of Nature Nate’s Raw & Unfiltered Honey packaged in one of the Wood Tins, along with a bottle of their Raspberry Honey Syrup! Let’s take a look!Nature Nate’s Raw & Unfiltered Honey is as perfectly golden as you’d expect from their hard working bees – straight from the bottle! I indulged in my first spoonful just as soon as I was able to get the package open and was fascinated by it’s richness and unique honey aroma. It had a wonderfully delicious flavor that met all our expectations and then some! At our house, we love eating raw honey on homemade buttermilk biscuits! Simpy YUM!The Nature Nate’s Honey Syrup took Nate and his wife months of trial and error to perfect. It all came about because of Nate’s penchant for mixing Jam and Honey on his pancakes! His wife made the suggestion to create the syrup and Nature Nate’s Honey Syrup was born. Nature Nate’s now sells this delightful combination to their customers. It’s all natural, gluten free and doesn’t contain any of the yucky additives that other syrups on the shelves contain. How great is that?! The Nature Nate’s Honey Syrup comes in 3 different delectable flavors, Raspberry, Strawberry and Blueberry. I was lucky enough to have a chance to try their Raspberry Honey Syrup.Now, to be perfectly honest, I loved the Nature Nate’s Honey Syrup, but my hubs did not. However, I need to explain that he doesn’t care for raspberry flavors either, so that outcome was expected. Actually, he doesn’t like berries or berry flavors of any kind. I know! He’s strange and doesn’t know what’s good!I also received a nice Wood Tin that I absolutely loved! The Wood Tin would make a wonderful option when thinking of gift giving. There are 5 different designs to choose from you’re sure to find one that perfectly suits the person you’re buying for, along with a sticker where you can create your own sentiment. Plus, each tin includes a 16 oz bottle of Nature Nate’s Honey! I’m thinking these would make wonderful gifts for family and friends!We loved the Nature Nate’s Raw Honey and their Honey Syrup! If you would like to give them a try, you can find the delicious Nature Nate’s Raw & Unfiltered Honey and the Honey Syrup online here!I will have to give this a try and see how my family likes it. It sounds like this company is a great place to buy it. Thank you so much for sharing. We love the fruity flavors so we will have to try both.I buy this brand at my local Walmart. It’s my fave. We use it in everything! My boys want honey in their cereal instead of sugar. We use it in our green tea and take it by the spoonful when allergy season hits.I have severe Asthma, when I was a kid my Doctor gave me raw honey in a honeycomb. I had to take at least a tablespoon every day. If you ever get the chance to eat it with blackberries it is really good!Oh yes! I first tried raw honey from a little company that was selling their goods on Tybee Island near Savannah Georgia and I fell in love with it. The health benefits are great and the taste is amazing. I never knew what I was missing.Honey & cinnamon to get over illnesses, honey in tea, a little extra honey to sweeten my smoothies in the morning….the only thing I haven’t done with honey is smear it on my face as a beauty product! Would LOVE to win some honey!