Bidding has ended on this item.This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tab“Pre-owned, from an estate. VALENTINE GIFT FOR HIM! Unsigned set, overall in very good condition & not sure if set is original to box, but came in it, so comes with it - see photos & description. PLUS FREE GIFT! I don't clean vintage pieces, so all/some may need a light cleaning.”Pre-owned from an estate. Unsigned & overall in very good condition. White Thermoset 'stones' are accented with detailed gold tone & silver tone mini stripes & overall gold tone on all pieces is still nice & even. This set came in the Shields Fifth Avenue box & am not sure if it's original to the set, but it comes with. (Note: slit in lining in lower right corner of box looks like was where a tag may have been.). Cufflink fronts are approx. 3/4 inches in diameter & tie clasp front is approx. 3/8 x 1 5/8 inches. All mechanisms work well & this fun retro set would make a great Valentine's gift for your favorite guy!Any item I've listed that has Valentine/s in the title or description comes in a gift box; any shown in a jewelry box will come in that, rather than a gift box.Like many other sellers, I don't clean vintage and/or antique items. If you feel something needs cleaning, please remember to do so gently/lightly so natural (desired) patina, decorations, and/or embellishments isn't accidentally damaged.Payment: Due at time of purchase. PayPal is the only accepted method of payment accepted at this time.Shipping: All orders are shipped within 24 - 48 hours of payment verification.No shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, foreign countries, or overseas at this time.Feedback: When you've received your order please take a moment to leave feedback, as this lets me know you're happy with your transaction. Then I will gladly do the same!Returns: Not accepted at this time; however, if there's a problem with your order, please email me before leaving feedback so I can resolve it - thanks!Place bidBy clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.