National Survey on Energy Literacy: Public Trust & ConfidenceEnergy Literacy Section 1: Who do we believe when we talk about energy? It’s not who you might think – or hopeBy Alberta Oil StaffFebruary 02, 2015Trust IssuesQ: For the following statements, please select which group or groups you believe to be credible and trustworthy when it comes to providing information on each of the following areas:Key Takeaway: No surprise here: Oil and gas companies scored particularly poorly among Quebec respondents at just 8.5 per cent, while oil and gas industry groups did well among Albertans at 31.5 per centKey Takeaway: Albertans may have a reputation for being skeptical of government, but that’s certainly not what this survey’s results show. Nearly 28 per cent of them find the federal government credible and trustworthy, while 22.6 per cent feel the same way about the provincial government. Given its performance over the last couple of years, that’s an astoundingly high figure.Key Takeaway: Here’s a troubling piece of data for the various oil and gas industry associations in Canada: fewer than one-in-ten post-secondary graduates (8.4 per cent, to be precise) find those associations credible and trustworthy when it comes to carbon emissions. Equally worrisome is the fact that young respondents don’t see the same kind of future in the energy sector that they might have a generation ago. Just 16.5 per cent of people 18-34 described it as “essential,” compared to 30.3 per cent for the broader pool of respondents. They’re even less enthusiastic about the oil sands, with only 9.3 per cent of respondents aged 18-34 describing it as “essential” compared to 18 per cent for the broader population.And you thought attitudes in British Columbia were bad…Q: When thinking of the Oil and Gas sector in Canada, please select words or statements that come to mind:Key Takeaway: The vocal opposition to both the Northern Gateway and TransMountain pipeline projects might lead one to believe that the most strident opposition to the oil and gas sector resides west of the Rockies. But as our survey data reveals, the deepest well of hostility actually exists in Quebec. That might make the proposed Energy East pipeline just as vexing for TransCanada as Gateway and TransMountain are for Enbridge and Kinder Morgan.Labor PainsThe energy sector’s underwhelming reputation in some quarters of the country is making it more difficult to recruit people. How difficult? Well, these two questions should offer a pretty good indication of the challenge your friendly HR specialist is facing.Q: How likely would you, or the qualified skilled tradesperson in your household be to consider working in the oil sands area of Northern Alberta?