Pegasus: The Flame Of OlympusA young girl, a winged horse, and a war of epic proportions make for an adventurous start to an exciting new trilogy.When Pegasus crashes onto a Manhattan roof during a terrible storm, Emily’s life changes forever. Suddenly allied with a winged horse she’d always thought was mythical, Emily is thrust into the center of a fierce battle between the Roman gods and a terrifying race of multiarmed stone warriors called the Nirads. Emily must team up with a thief named Paelen, the goddess Diana, and a boy named Joel in order to return Pegasus to Olympus and rescue the gods from a certain death.Along the way, Emily and her companions will fight monsters, run from a government agency that is prepared to dissect Pegasus, and even fly above the Manhattan skyline—all as part of a quest to save Olympus before time runs out.I really liked this. Emily, a girl, is grieving over her dead mother, when Pegasus crashes onto her roof. Palen, also fell down while stealing Pegasus's golden bridle. Four armed creatures try attacking them and the CRU capture her father. This is a really really good book.This book is my favorite. You can never put this book down and it leaves you on the edge of your seat. Pegasus falls out of the sky and lands on Emily's roof. Another Olympian named Palen falls out of the sky as well. Emily is protecting Pegasus from the CRU, which are trying to capture Pegasus.The CRU have captured Palen, but after a few days Palen escaped from the CRU. Palen, Emily, and Pegasus set off to save Olympus and the Earth. I have also read the second book and the third book, and they are very GOOD and suspenseful. I cannot wait for the fourth book!A heartbroken girl finds injured Pegasus on her roof ,a Olympian boy falls from the sky,and four armed creatures are rampaging New York.For people who liked the humor and mythical based style of the Percy Jackson series,I would expect this right up your alley.This book is great! It is about a girl named Emily and a horse named Pegasus (Emily nicknames Pegasus, Pegs). Unfortunately, for Pegasus, he fell down from Olympus onto Emily’s roof. Another Olympian, Palen, also has fell from Olympus, for different, and not great reasons. Emily’s classmate her on her adventure escaping the wicked and greedy CRU (Central Research Unit). The Flame of Olympus can save Olympus and the Earth from impending danger, but the girl who is the Flame needs to be told and sacrifice herself to the fire. As Emily helps Pegasus find the Flame and protects Pegasus, Palen joins them on helping and will their plan to save Olympus and the Earth from danger, or go backfire?