We're sorry, this job has expired.We've flagged this job for removal from the site so this won't happen again. In the mean time, feel free to check out some other Registered Nurses Jobs near New Haven, CT, or do your own job search on Simply Hired!Registered Nurse - Labor and DeliveryCompany: Onward HealthcareLocation: New Haven, CTDate Posted: January 28, 2015Source: ZipRecruiterJob Description: Onward Healthcare, a leading nationwide provider of healthcare jobs, currently has an opening for a labor and delivery registered nurse at one of the state’s premier hospitals. We are accepting both local and travel nursing candidates for this L&D RN job. Job Description for Labor and Delivery Nurses: Labor and Delivery RNs care for women who are in labor, having complications during their pregnancy or have recently delivered. L&D nurses provide care to women and their newborns during the antepartum, intrapartum, postpartum, and neonatal stages of this important life event. Furthermore, they assess mothers and babies to develop an individualized care plan. Benefits and Incentives for L&D RN Jobs with Onward Healthcare: Leading Hourly Compensation. Optional Bonus Packages. Weekly Pay via Direct Deposit. Free Medical / Dental / Life Insurance. 401k Plan. Requirements for Labor and Delivery Nurse Jobs: In-state nursing license. Min 1 year of ...Job Description: Onward Healthcare, a leading nationwide provider of healthcare jobs, currently has an opening for a labor and delivery registered nurse at one of the state’s premier hospitals. We are accepting both local and travel nursing candidates for this L&D RN job. Job Description for Labor and Delivery Nurses: Labor and Delivery RNs care for women who are in labor, having complications during their pregnancy or have recently delivered. L&D nurses provide care to women and their newborns during the antepartum, intrapartum, postpartum, and neonatal stages of this important life event. Furthermore, they assess mothers and babies to develop an individualized care plan. Benefits and Incentives for L&D RN Jobs with Onward Healthcare: Leading Hourly Compensation. Optional Bonus Packages. Weekly Pay via Direct Deposit. Free Medical / Dental / Life Insurance. 401k Plan. Requirements for Labor and Delivery Nurse Jobs: In-state nursing license. Min 1 year of labor and delivery nursing experience. Additional requirements may vary upon hire. Related: labor and delivery, labor & delivery, labor, delivery, L and D, L&D, LandD, nurse, nursing, nurses, registered nurse, RN, RNs