After hanging out in storage for over a decade, the Deep Space Climate Observatory is finally being launched to monitor solar storms. The satellite is getting into space on the back of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, which means we're also counting down to another historic barge landing attempt!SpaceX is once again counting down to launching the Deep Space Climate Observatory, but this time… Read more Read moreTop image: SpaceX's autonomous drone barge has been repaired since the crash on the first attempt, and been decorated with a spiffy new name. Credit: SpaceXThe launch is scheduled for 6:10:12 p.m. EST out of Cape Canaveral Complex 40 launch pad in Florida. The weather is looking great with 90% chances of being acceptable during the launch window, with a bit of side-eye being directed at a cold-front and approaching clouds in the distance. Watch it live here:Assuming the launch goes off on schedule, stage one separation will be less than three minutes later. While the rest of the spacecraft continues on its merry way, the Falcon 9 rocket booster will undergo a controlled reentry and attempt to land on the recently-named and repaired "Just Read The Instructions" drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. Because this is a deep space mission, reentry will be tougher on the rocket booster. It will be trying to shed nearly four times as much heat as it battles its way back through the atmosphere. The landing attempt will not be live-broadcast, although we can cross our fingers for photos and videos along with the updates on the SpaceX webcast.The satellite will be stationed at the L1 Earth-Sun Lagrange point, 1.5 million kilometers from home. From this location, the satellite will be in position to give us between 15 and 60 minutes warning of coronal mass ejection (CME), high-energy particles that can wreck havoc on delicate electronic fields. While we currently know when the storms are incoming, this satellite will improve our ability to predict where the storms will have the greatest impact. Along with monitoring solar storms, the Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera will be used to look back at Earth, giving us a new satellite source for full-planet photography. That the camera's acronym is EPIC says it all: I'm looking forward to seeing the assumably-epic views it sends home!DSCOVR marks the first time SpaceX is responsible for a deep space launch, sending the refrigerator-sized probe more than four times farther away than the moon.DSCOVR will be in its escape trajectory by about 35 minutes after launch, but then it will take approximately 110 to 115 days for it to slip into position at its new home. It will hopefully be fully operational by mid-summer. At Left: Mission patch for the DSCOVR launch on the Falcon 9 rocket. Image credit: NASASpaceX's dull cargo run to the space station featured an exciting secondary mission: the… Read more Read moreThe last barge-landing attempt failed when the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid, losing its ability to manoeuvre. This time the booster has substantially more fluid on board, so at least if things go wrong, it should go wrong in a freshly catastrophic manner.Update 2/8: @#$m*!! Air Force radar tracking hit a glitch and went down, so the launch has been delayed until roughly the same time tomorrow (6:07pm). The weather is only at 40% chances of acceptable for a launch, so if that doesn't work, the next window is the same time the next day, then again the day after that. While frustrating, this does mean that SpaceX has a chance to replace a buggy video transmitter on their first stage, a non-essential bit of gear that's nice to have to give us the very best possible view and might even give us a rocket's eye view of landing on a barge.A launch that can't be tracked is no launch at all. Image credit: NASAWhile a letdown, a scrubbed launch is always, always, always better than a rapid unscheduled disassembly or other nasty catastrophe. We'll see you again tomorrow afternoon as we try again!A wind evaluation is scheduled for 5:50pm EST. The winds in the upper atmosphere are so strong they're exceeding structural load limits for the Falcon 9 to be able to safely launch the satellite.The next launch opportunity is Wednesday at 6:03 pm EST, which is also the final launch opportunity until February 20th due to the moon's position. The weather forecast is currently 90% in favor of a Wednesday evening launch with clear skies and weakening winds.