Engineering student who was trying to leave behind gang lifestyle shot dead at house partyA student engineer whose family fled Congo’s brutal civil war a decade ago was shot dead at a party in a tower block in south-east London.Two friends tried to drive Clive Massi, 24, to hospital following the shooting at 4.30am yesterday but flagged down a police car on its way to the scene when they realised he was unlikely to survive.His heartbroken family today said Mr Massi had been involved in gangs as a teenager but had been trying to extricate himself from the deadly lifestyle and qualify as an engineer to “make his family proud.”Officers responding to reports of gunshots at the 20-storey block in Erebus Drive, Greenwich, saw two cars pulled up in Western Way, about half a mile from the scene of the shooting.Mr Massi, who was in the passenger seat of a blue Ford Focus, was rushed to hospital where he was pronounced dead two hours later.Two women, aged 24 and 26, and four men aged 19 to 25, have been arrested in connection with murder and bailed until March. Five other men in their 20s arrested at the scene were released last night with no further action.The two other men in the car with the victim were not arrested.Police examine two cars that they believe are linked to the shooting Picture: Nigel HowardHis sister Jennifer Massi, 21, who lived with her brother in Tottenham, said: “This has torn my family’s world apart.“We are heartbroken. My parents don’t know what to do, where to go, what to say. They loved him so much and now he is gone. Now we want to see his murderers caught.“Clive hated violence. He was a lovely, sociable guy who cared about his studies and wanted to make his family proud and make a better life for himself.“He had been caught up in gangs until three or four years ago but he had broken away. He had new friends and dreamed of being an engineer. He was really focused on that.Victim: Clive Massi, 24 was shot at a house party and later died in hospital“He loved football and working out at the gym. He really cared for people and would do anything for his family.”Mr Massi was in the second year of an engineering diploma at College of North West London. He had previously studied mechanics and taken part in an apprenticeship scheme at a garage.His mother, father and sister came to London in 1997 as refugees fleeing the conflict in Congo. He joined them in 2002 where he lived in Enfield, and studied at Lea Valley High School.A 17-year-old cousin, who asked not to be named, said: “He was like an older brother to me. I last saw him at this birthday a few weeks ago.“There was surprise party for him with all the family. He was so happy, such fun. He always made me laugh. He always said laughter was his drug to make people smile.”Residents of Sark Tower, a modern block overlooking the Thames near Belmarsh Prison, spoke of their terror as they heard gunshots as they lay in their beds.One resident said: “My wife heard two shots and then a woman scream. Then there was shouting and the sound of people running down the stairs.“I don’t know if it was the gunmen getting away or people trying to get the man downstairs. They got in cars and drove away really fast.”Another resident, who has a young family said: “It was terrifying. We heard the shots, they sounded like fireworks. Then there were armed police who turned up and they were shouting for people to stay inside their homes. We were so frightened.”A Scotland Yard spokesman said: “Eleven people were arrested in connection with this incident. Six were subsequently bailed and five released with no further action.“Enquiries are ongoing. Detectives from Homicide and Major Crime Command investigate.”Witnesses or those who could assist the enquiry can contact police on the non-emergency line 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.