Store ManagerMore information about this job:Overview:At the Vitamin Shoppe, Every Body Matters! We are dedicated to inspiring health and wellness one life at a time.Our goal is to inspire you to take control of your health. We provide products, knowledge and motivation to help you live your healthiest life. We believe that every body matters. These words are more than our tagline; they’re our reason for being. For us, it’s not just about the vitamins; it’s about the individual lives that we touch every day. We believe in giving personal attention and doing all we can to help you achieve your unique goals. Our associates (we call them health enthusiasts) are eager – and very highly trained – to help you find what you need, and ensure that you have an exceptional experience every time you visit the Vitamin Shoppe.Come be a part of something great and join our family of Health Enthusiasts!Job Summary:This position is responsible for providing an outstanding Branded Customer Experience (customer service focus) to customers and performing operational duties that drive sales through product knowledge, merchandising, register functions, store cleanliness, and other related duties. The Store Manager leads and manages a store to meet or exceed financial goals in a manner that is consistent with our Branded Customer Experience. The Store Manager recruits, trains and builds a team of highly qualified Health Enthusiasts (Part-Time, Full-Time, Keyholder, ASM) through active and strategic recruiting and internal succession planning. The store manager represents The Vitamin Shoppe Inc. brand to our customers. This position supports the environment of health and wellness that The Vitamin Shoppe Inc. represents.Responsibilities:Essential Functions:Establishes models and reinforces an outstanding Branded Customer Experience (customer service) through proper engagement and selling techniques in order to achieve or exceed financial goals set for the store including sales plan. Actively seeks information to understand customers’ circumstances, expectations and needs.Use product information and available resources to educate customers and assist them in making product selections that are right for them. Delivers friendly and prompt service to minimize customer wait time and maximize availability.Maintain a professional and courteous relationship with customers and co-workers that fosters a positive work environment, embraces diversity and supports the culture including health, wellness and nutrition.Promotes growth and sales by creating and maintaining internal/external community outreach relationships within the local community. Establishes an active sampling regimen through customer engagement.Builds and develops a succession plan including Assistant Store Managers, Key Holders and Health Enthusiasts (sales associate) who can achieve goals and objectives. Ensures that opportunities for development are available; offers assistance to help individuals overcome obstacles to learning. Prepares and delivers performance reviews; creates goals and implements learning plans to develop each team member.Coaches and counsels all team members on performance issues, taking appropriate corrective action in partnership with District Manager and Field Human Resources Manager in accordance with company operational guidelines.Create schedules based upon workload planning and business needs. Manages payroll to established budget. Allocates appropriate amounts of time for completing own and others’ work; avoids scheduling conflicts; develops timelines and milestones.Executes and maintains operational, promotional and visual/merchandising standards and initiatives, ensuring that the Vitamin Shoppe Brand and company are well represented. Ensures execution of inventory management processes including product rotation, the return of market withdrawals, documents damages and expired product, completes cycle counts, zero on hand and annual physical inventory process. Completes shipment processing in accordance with company standard.Effectively prepares the store; cleans store, shelves and recovers products. Prepare for and set monthly sales promotions, ensuring a compelling presentation to the customer.Protects and maintains company assets and resources to include inventory accuracy, fixtures and physical plant. Maintain the confidentiality and security of sales records and operational reports. Ensures work environment is safe for both customers and associates. Manages expenses with budget.Maintains effective communication and partners with District Manager, Regional Director, Field Human Resources Manager and Customer Support Center (CSC).Operate the cash register and prepares customer transactions and receipts efficiently. Fully understands register functions, opening and closing procedures and can balance the cash registers at the end of each shift or as scheduled. Adheres to and executes bank deposit process.Effectively communicates and brings to life the company vision, values and sales goals at daily meetings. Provides timely feedback on goals and initiatives. Fosters and actively participates in donation drives as determined by the CSC.Other Functions:Follow management direction in completing other duties as required.Flexibility to work in another location depending on the company’s business needs.Supervisory Responsibilities:Assistant Store Mangers, Key Holders, Full Time Health Enthusiasts, Part Time Health EnthusiastQualifications:Essential Qualification:Education/Certification:Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experienceSupplement knowledge or education is preferred, but not required.Required Knowledge:Familiarity with retail sales, merchandising programs and procedures and the competitive retail environment.Knowledge of retail industry.Experience in or personal passion for the health, wellness, and nutrition industry.