We Sent You a LinkDid you get it?RetryCloseShow InfoEpisode InfoEpisode Info: "We learn all the time. I’ve continued to learn over the last few decades. You learn it’s never time to do a touchdown dance." - Mike Dever (Tweet) On our next year-in-review, Mike Dever talks about how 2014 evolved for his firm and what they learned from the year. He discusses the changes they made to their program as well as the recent Swiss Franc move and what they learned from that. He also talks about why investors need to keep the long term view in mind when investing, and not re-evaluate the program every time the profits take a dip. Thanks for listening and please welcome our guest Mike Dever. Subscribe on: In This Episode, You'll Learn: What Mike’s firm does that blends together different strategies in order to diversify a portfolio. How 2014 was for his firm. Why they had a great first quarter to 2014 when most CTAs did not. How the Interest Rate sector and Agriculture sector did well for the program. Why he saw the Swiss Franc move coming. "The Swiss Franc move, as much as it was unanticipated, still gave some indicators that something was going on." - Mike Dever (Tweet) How they are in a continual process of learning and subsequently improving their program. Convergent vs. Divergent environments and what Mike is looking forward to. How to mitigate a big inflow of investment followed by immediate outflow. The book that Mike wrote and if the Myths still hold true today. Why people think about the long term view when they invest, and think about the day-to-day view when they take their money out. Resources & Links Mentioned in this Episode: Listen to 2 hour-long episodes with Mike Dever on this podcast here and here. This episode was sponsored by Swiss Financial Services: Connect with Brandywine: Visit the Website: www.brandywine.com Call Brandywine: +1 630 361 1000 E-Mail Mike Directly: Mike@brandywine.comRead more »Episode Info: "We learn all the time. I’ve continued to learn over the last few decades. You learn it’s never time to do a touchdown dance." - Mike Dever (Tweet) On our next year-in-review, Mike Dever talks about how 2014 evolved for his firm and what they learned from the year. He discusses the changes they made to their program as well as the recent Swiss Franc move and what they learned from that. He also talks about why investors need to keep the long term view in mind when investing, and not re-evaluate the program every time the profits take a dip. Thanks for listening and please welcome our guest Mike Dever. Subscribe on: In This Episode, You'll Learn: What Mike’s firm does that blends together different strategies in order to diversify a portfolio. How 2014 was for his firm. Why they had a great first quarter to 2014 when most CTAs did not. How the Interest Rate sector and Agriculture sector did well for the program. Why he saw the Swiss Franc move coming. "The Swiss Franc move, as much as it was unanticipated, still gave some indicators that something was going on." - Mike Dever (Tweet) How they are in a continual process of learning and subsequently improving their program. Convergent vs. Divergent environments and what Mike is looking forward to. How to mitigate a big inflow of investment followed by immediate outflow. The book that Mike wrote and if the Myths still hold true today. Why people think about the long term view when they invest, and think about the day-to-day view when they take their money out. Resources & Links Mentioned in this Episode: Listen to 2 hour-long episodes with Mike Dever on this podcast here and here. This episode was sponsored by Swiss Financial Services: Connect with Brandywine: Visit the Website: www.brandywine.com Call Brandywine: +1 630 361 1000 E-Mail Mike Directly: Mike@brandywine.comRead Less