Grammys 2015: Predicting The Big WinnersBeyoncé, Sam Smith and Pharrell Williams might want to consider bringing wheelbarrows to the 57th Annual Grammy Awards on Sunday night: each act is nominated for six golden gramophones.In addition to being the most nominated acts of the year, the members of the aforementioned trio are all up for at least one of the big four awards–Best New Artist, Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Album of the Year–and Smith is up for all four.So how will everything shake out on Sunday at the StaplesStaples Center in the major categories? And who else is line for Grammy glory? Read on…Best New ArtistThe nominees: Iggy Azalea, Bastille, Brandi Clark, Haim, Sam SmithThe background: Azalea and Smith have enjoyed the most mainstream success of the group, though Bastille did score a huge hit with “Pompeii.” Haim and Clark have got plenty of cred in Brooklyn and Nashville, but this one’s not hard to pick.The winner: Sam Smith, hands down. You can take that to the bank–just ask Sportsbet.com, where a $1 bet on Smith would yield just $1.07 in the event of a victory. The rest of the field? Over $10.The background: Smith is again the favorite in the online betting world, though not as heavily as he is in the Best New Artist category. And indeed, he’s got plenty of competition from different flavors of pop–Azalea’s hip-hop slant, Trainor’s throwback style, Sia’s haunting take and Swift’s not-remotely-country-anymore approach.The winner: Smith, again. It’s hard to count Swift out, but if Adele won for her teary Brit-soul ballads, there’s no reason to believe Smith–and “Stay With Me”–won’t follow in the same footsteps.The background: Once again, oddsmakers love Smith. But it was Trainor’s “All About That Bass” that was most Shazamed song of the nominees. And the Swift-Martin-Shellback combo produced one of the most successful pop singles in recent memory. But don’t count out the dark horses, such as…The winner: Hozier, in an upset. Though he may have less name recognition than any of the other nominees, “Take Me To Church” is a unique and gripping song–and a greater departure from recent pop songwriting themes than the rest, at least in this writer’s opinion. Plus, the song didn’t really explode until this past fall, giving voters less of a chance to get sick of it before casting their ballots.Record of the YearThe nominees: Morning Phase by Beck; Beyoncé by Beyoncé; X by Ed Sheeran; In the Lonely Hour by Sam Smith; Girl by Pharrell WilliamsThe background: With all due respect to last year’s Grammy star (Williams), this year’s most-streamed artist on Spotify (Sheeran) and the guy who many people don’t realize even put out a new album (Beck), this race comes down to Beyoncé vs. Smith.The winner: Beyoncé. The album was short on singles, but long on innovation–something the music business could use more–thanks to its surprise release a little over a year ago. What won’t be a surprise is another Grammy victory for Beyoncé.Bonus RoundThe winners at the Grammys won’t be limited to those who take home hardware: a stellar performance on music’s biggest night can often do more for an artist’s career than a trophy.This year, the list of performers includes Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams, Madonna, Sam Smith, Katy Perry and Ed Sheeran. But the one with the biggest impact could be Kanye West’s appearance alongside Rihanna and Paul McCartney.West is returning from six year of self-imposed Grammy exile–and it’s rumored that he’ll debut solo material on Sunday as well. Don’t be surprised if he takes a page out of Beyoncé’s playbook and unleashes the whole album on Monday.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.