Butternut Soup Recipe – Just 4 Ingredients4 Ingredient Easy Butternut Soup RecipeThis butternut squash soup recipe makes and quick and easy meal. With just four ingredients it makes a great homemade dinner, best served with warm bread and butter. It will warm you up and make you feel good.Step 1: Peel and Cube Butternut SquashStep 2: Add Broth, Herbs and Sherry to Butternut SquashUse about 1 quart of either vegetable or chicken broth and pour over the cubed butternut squash in the pot. Homemade broth is best, but if you don’t have the time, use Organic broths to avoid the manufacturer sneaking in MSG-derived flavor enhancers that occur in many non-organic vegetable and chicken broths (disguised under the “natural flavors” on the label). Add 1 tablespoon sherry wine, 1/2 tsp fresh thyme and salt and pepper to taste. If you don’t have fresh time, use about 1 tsp dried thyme. If you like a bit of spice, add a dash of cayenne pepper to the mix.Step 3: Boil Butternut Squash and Broth for about 45 MinutesThe soup mixture should be boiled until the butternut squash is fork tender, about 45 minutes. The longer it boils, the better the soup will taste, so if you have time, leave it on the stove for longer.Step 4: Transfer the Soup to BlenderTake the hot soup mixture and blend it. A traditional blender works best since the result is a smooth and creamy texture. The soup will be hot, so fill only half way up the blender and put a towel over the lid and turn on at low speed at first. The soup will expand and can blow the top off if the blender is filled too full. Gently turn up speed and blend until smooth.Step 5: Transfer the Soup Back to Pot and ReheatOnce the butternut soup has been thoroughly blended, transfer it back to the pot to re-heat until dinner is ready.Step 6: Serve Hot!Serve the soup hot and your family will be loving you. Add a dash of sour cream to the top if you desire the soup to be a bit creamy. Crispy bacon can also add a lot of flavor if you have that at hand.Did you enjoy this four ingredient butternut soup recipe? Let us know in the comments section and what you may do differently. Do you have a soup recipe that your family loves? Share it with us and we’ll give it a shot. We love making homemade soup and becoming more food independent by learning more about how everything works around the kitchen. That’s why Positively Sustainable was created. We want all folks looking to lead a healthy and environmentally-friendly life, either in the suburbs, in the city or in a rural area to come together and learn from each other! Of course, we welcome your help in creating a community of like minded people. Come and share your energy efficient tips and ideas, homemade recipes and expect the best advice on living green, living healthy and sustainable life from our team of experts. Want to write for Positively Sustainable? Send us and email and we can chat.Avid hiker, environmentalist, and professional soil scientist I've spent my career writing about the things I do and love. I spend my time in both the small community of Fallbrook, CA and the Eastern Sierra Nevada Mountains, seeking folks that love and care for healthy eating and healthy living as much as I do.Earn Money & Become a ContributorAbout Positively SustainablePositively Sustainable is a place for information and ideas to be shared about green living, craftsmanship, food security and sustainable lifestyles. We strive to help people live a better life while protecting and improving our environmental resources. Our personal mantra is Better Living - Better Planet. Will you join us on our mission to promote safe, healthy and sustainable living?About Positively SustainablePositively Sustainable is a place for information and ideas to be shared about green living, food security, craftsmanship, and sustainable lifestyles. We strive to help people live healthy and sustainable lives that promote and enhance our environment. Our personal mantra is Better Living - Better Planet. Will you join us in living a sustainable, healthy life?