Search formGrab the remote, set your DVR or queue up your streaming service of choice! GLAAD is bringing you the highlights in LGBT on TV this week. Check back every Sunday for up-to-date coverage in LGBT-inclusive programming on TV.The 57th Annual Grammy Awards air live on CBS Sunday, February 8 and honor the best in music. Out British singer Sam Smith has six total nominations, including the “Big Four” categories – Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best New Artist. Out country singer Brandy Clarke is also nominated in Best New Artist as well as Best Country Album. Other LGBT nominees include Sia, Lady Gaga, A Great Big World, John Waters and more! Sia, Smith, and Clark will all also be performing live. Check out the full list of LGBT-inclusive Grammy nominees here.57th Grammy Awards: Sunday, 8pm on CBS.Stephen Fry hosts the68th Annual British Academy Film Awardson Sunday, February 8 on BBC America. Alan Turing biopic The Imitation Game is nominated in Best Film and Best Adapted Screenplay with star Benedict Cumberbatch nominated in Best Actor in a Leading Role. The Imitation Game and Pride, which tells the true story of a group of LGBT advocates who joined forces with a small mining community in Wales in 1984 to protest coal mine closures, are both nominated in Outstanding British Film. Pride's writer Stephen Beresford and producer David Livingstone are up for Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Producer or Director, as is Lilting writer/director Hong Khaou. 68th Annual British Academy Film Awards: Sunday, 8pm on BBC America.Coach Beiste returns to Glee this week! Meanwhile, Will plans a lesson for Vocal Adrenaline about tolerance and bullying, the glee club supports Rachel as her childhood home is sold, and several old school New Directions members pull together a special moment to welcome Coach Beiste back to school and show their support. Glee: Friday, 9pm on FOX.For a breakdown of LGBT-inclusive shows airing every week, check out our nightly listings below:About GLAADGLAAD amplifies the voice of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community by empowering real people to share their stories, holding the media accountable for the words and images they present, and helping grassroots organizations communicate effectively. By ensuring that the stories of LGBT people are heard through the media, GLAAD promotes understanding, increases acceptance, and advances equality. For more information, see www.glaad.org, www.facebook.com/glaad, www.twitter.com/glaad and www.glaad.tumblr.com.About GLAADGLAAD rewrites the script for LGBT acceptance. As a dynamic media force, GLAAD tackles tough issues to shape the narrative and provoke dialogue that leads to cultural change. GLAAD protects all that has been accomplished and creates a world where everyone can live the life they love.more about GLAAD >>