Spread The Word!Save ConstantineNBC has not ordered a full season for Constantine despite it's above average initial ratings and increasing quality and fanbase. The show is doing well for it's circumstances: it has one of the worst time slots imaginable, 10 pm on Friday nights.Matt Ryan is perfect as John Constantine, the show is getting better each week, and last episode saw a 38% bump in the ratings and an 87% viewer retention rating (after Grimm) with the introduction of The Spectre.The show still has an option to pick up a second season, so as fans of John Constantine, Justice League Dark, and DC Comics in general we need to come together and make sure Constantine is NOT cancelled.DiscussionDanielle I adore this show! After I watched the first episode I was hooked and named it my favorite tv show of this year! It couldn't have done a better job and the main actor portrays the best Constantine anyone will ever see. I can only hope that the series will continue further and not stop anytime soon.Xander True Matt Ryan is the best Constantine we will ever see and he's doing a great job with it and the show just gets better each week!Petition highlightsDanielle 1428109320April 3, 2015 9:02 PMI adore this show! After I watched the first episode I was hooked and named it my favorite tv show of this year! It couldn't have done a better job and the main actor portrays the best Constantine anyone will ever see. I can only hope that the series will continue further and not stop anytime soon.eir 1428109320April 3, 2015 9:02 PMas a long time fan of the hellblazer series and justice league dark and the new 52 constantine i feel i speak on behalf of new zealand when i say it would be heartbreaking to see this show cancelled. matt ryans portrayal is masterful an he has managed to portray constantine narcisistic wit and sarcastic darkly humor. the accuracy with which the entire series has depicted in regards to the comics is phenomenal and if ever there has been a show worthy of a second season this is it. it is dark, gritty and humane, a show which fills a void in todays television shows. supernatural never cut it for me. i have always loved constantine. save my obsession. save constantine