Find Out Who Your Top 5 Followers are on TwitterWhat is Top 5 Followers?Top 5 Followers is a free service used to find your top 5 followers on Twitter and encourage your followers to read your tweets and stay connected. We help you to keep your followers engaged. We encourage your followers to enter into friendly competition to become your top follower in the future.Our service will stimulate new conversation between you and your followers that will improve your social interaction. Your top 5 followers will change when they retweet, favorite and reply to your tweets. Be sure to select the weekly tweet update and keep your Followers engaged.What we do and what we don't doWe don't tweet daily and we are not spam. We do not post to your account without your permission. When you sign up you're asked to opt in for us to tweet your top 5 followers list, only if you select that will we tweet your list. You can remove our app anytime at Twitter.com->Settings->Apps->Top5Followers->Revoke Access.We use our own algorithm to find your top 5 followers on Twitter. We find your top 5 followers based on the number of retweets, the number of favorites and the number of replies to your recent tweets by your followers.How to get more followers on TwitterHere are some tips to get more followers on twitter. The most basic idea to get more followers on twitter is to list out all the topics you find interesting, then search on twitter to find people with similar interests, follow those people, read their tweets regularly, at least once a day. Then create interesting and relevant replies to their tweets, so they will reply back and at some point they will follow you back.The simple idea above will get you a lot of real followers in a short time, we are sure it will not take more than one month to get lots more followers on twitter by using the above said method. It’s a really good way to get more real followers.Another method is to find the community of your favorite star, or sports person on twitter, follow all those people in that community, check their tweets daily and reply with interesting photos, so they will respond to your reply and follow back you. This way you get more followers on twitter.If you are interested in making videos, then it's not going to be a tough task to get more followers on twitter. Yes more people love to follow makers of fun videos. First you need to follow some other video makers, then you should post your video as a reply to their tweets, so other people who follow other video maker tweets will see your video and they also will start follow you.If you are a movie buff, then great, do some movie reviews videos, so you will get more followers on twitter very quickly, we found lots of people get popular on twitter by doing movie reviews. This method will work really well.If you are interested in photographs, you can share your photos and get more followers on twitter. Tweets with interesting photos are spread like wildfire and get you tons of followers in a short time.If you are interested in news and if you keep up to date with real world news then its great, you can share the news in your tweets, this will get you lot of followers on twitter.keep my followers engaged, encourage my followers, my top followers on twitter, my top 5 followers on twitter, my most valuable followers on twitter, How to get followers on Twitter, get followers on Twitter, keep your followers engaged, get more followers on Twitter, encourage your followersThis is a free service used to find your top 5 followers on Twitter. We encourage your followers and help you to keep your followers engaged and get more followers on Twitter.