OPINION: NINE REASONS WHY I AM OFFENDED BY JONATHANThere is so much to write about him. He is the man that sits on our treasury for the good of few that are bigger than the law. The ongoing electoral campaign is getting unequivocally serious – and falls beyond the usual grave silence that had greeted our nascent democracy. Silence is no longer a tolerated virtue. This time is critical. Consequentially, silence and time wasting is no more our common human value.Measuring the seriousness of the campaign are in the wits, the add-ons and the melodrama recorded in Katsina, Kaduna, Bauchi, Kogi, Taraba, Rivers and Adamawa. Yes, one cannot trust the Hausas and the fulanis. Their adulation for power is unquenchable and non negotiable not even by the quota of power and position allocated to the North by his administration.How then has he gone wrong and bad for being the first President to have suffered serial attacks is a big issue this piece will attempt into a bullet points for a singular reason – He is corrupt and not better than any criminal. I am taking it personal. It is the fate of over 100milion Nigerians.President Jonathan in his habit had promised many things and failed to do nothing. I like GEJ I must admit, but in many ways he has failed me and my family. With that, I can guarantee him nothing. Lay a wager that is bad for someone that have dug deeper desperately and spent more to run opposition down. If politics is a game of numbers. Jonathan has lost 28 votes of my family mathematically.I participated actively in the last presidential election because of my ardent believe that politics and leadership cannot alone be left in the hand of jesters that won’t respect the right of every citizens before taking decisions. Regrettably, that good reason I had for mobilizing my family, friends, colleagues and comrades was dealt with heavy blow accordingly. Yes, history was fair!* He is the first in our new aged country to have granted state pardon to a known criminal and corrupt public officer Diepreye Alamieyeseiha. Alams was the former Governor of Bayelsa state, impeached though which eventually paved way for Jonathan, his Deputy to rise as usual. As I write, Alamieyeseiha case is an impending corruption malaise that Nigerians will never forget. He pled guilty of many charges, jailed for hours but because Jonathan benefitted from his rise and fall, he took the nation to stream of national disgrace.* Buruji Kashamu And Jonathan; Buruji is enjoying Presidency shield. Jonathan is shielding criminals. He announced the famous drug baron and American fugitive as the South West leader of PDP. He waved all Buruju crimes with mere hands. With this, I have developed a personal hatred and intolerance for anyone that campaign for him around me. I get offended at things like this.* Bode George, NPA, PDP and Jonathan – Lest we forget Bode George, former Deputy National Chairman of PDP South and former NPA chairman whisked by EFCC and jailed for fraud, contract splitting, inflation and violation of law by Justice Olubunmi Oyewole of Federal High Court in Lagos in 2009. The EFCC Chairman, Farida Waziri prosecuted George and the court found him guilty of 47 of 68 counts and sentenced him to 30months per counts jail term. He though enjoyed VIP treatment while serving his jail term and was later discharged under President Jonathan sympathy. This is a man that was thoroughly tried and found guilty for crimes know to law but another justice on interest of the Presidency sponsored his release through Justice Afolabi without finishing his term and enjoyed rosy welcome from PDP members in Lagos.* Jonathan And Mustapha –. He is the first president to have truncated and supported gleefully the release of one of the real actors of Man Inhumanity to man recorded in this country between 1993 & 1998, Hamzat Mustapha. The former CSO to late Head of State was arrested and tried for murder of many people including the wife of the winner of June12, 1993 Presidential election Alhaja Kudirat Abiola. Mustapha was later sentenced to death by hanging. Ofcourse, he proceeded to appeal Justice Dada judgment but because of federal character interest in prosecuting the 2015. Mustapha was discharged and acquitted and was immediately released to the delight Kano people. His intention was clear; I won’t go into that so as to stay on point.* #OduahGate; We won’t be quick to have forgotten the ludicrous spending of former aviation minister, Stella Oduah. The Anambra state born politician was in the news early last year for contract inflation, stealing public funds to buy two Choscharis Mercedes Benz for #225million. The #Oduahgate saga trended for months and still on the list of many questions before the stable of President Jonathan. A trial was allegedly adjudicated by the Presidency. Stella Oduah later lost her job. And when the people started thinking her name has gone down the drain, stella surfaced again and in pole position to win senatorial ticket to represent Anambra North. This time, the chubby-cheeked woman is enjoying Presidency shield and immunity. All you need is stay loyal to that course!* Lawan, Bribery And Jonathan Anti Corruption War – I can remember vividly bribery and corruption remains a huge issue before the law and a good case for every lawyer. Not again under Jonathan’s watch – President Jonathan without apology single-handedly buried the case of bribery and corruption levied against his former Chairman ad hoc Committee on Fuel Subsidy, Farouk Lawan. Lawan is still walking the street under police and DSS watch. He was caught collecting bride of $500,000 on sight and video from Femi Otedola, the judge presiding over the case resigned and the case till now has been buried. President Jonathan in his dubious claim of fighting corruption saw no reason in investigating the bribery. What a country!* $20billion Missing Fund – Corruption has taken a far limit. But Jonathan does not see stealing as corruption. Am guilty of this, so as you! No need to hide, we must have learnt our lesson for good or bad. I remember with nostalgia that $20bn was declared missing by former CBN Governor, Sanusi. Mr President holy thirst for fighting corruption if not misplaced in utter trash would have launched a comprehensive economic audit and investigation to recovering money if invested in our rotten educational science system would have equaled the modern day facilities. Oh! The audit report got to President Jonathan yesterday. Despite the noise and daily clamoring for answers, the issue was crept under wrap.I don’t need anyone to agree with me that President Jonathan is corrupt but this piece together may go down to prove a point that he is not the best candidate Nigeria need for the task ahead. Having admitted severally that he had done little on corruption in 5years in office is a good reference point of clueless administration that needs a better bar. Whereas, fighting corruption would have been the most integral and sustainable tool of promoting economic, social and youth development agenda of his administration. He has been shielding criminals and encouraging corruption.* Gov Fayose is another disease that gained reprehensive entry into political sphere of our growing democracy again. He was impeached Governor for many charges that seemed not cleared by any court of law and was still floated Governorship candidate of PDP in Ekiti State. However, his party fraudulently won an election. The tale of killing, assault, theft and discordance of the law is recklessly engineered by Aso rock leadership.And now, is a case of missing 30trillion Nara on the watch of Coordinating Minister of the economy Ngozi Okonjo Iweala. In truth, I have never trusted Okonjo Iweala. To be crystal clear on that is the succinct reason former President Olusegun Obasanjo had to have relieved her of duty as Minister of finance. Applying common sense, you can’t be in your best contributing to the growth of the country and still face a rude exit. Also, the Subsidy excuse she gave in the wake of the ravage issue last 2years exposed her ignorance and the calamities before us not, alone when Soludo mentioned but a few. Mr President is still not talking!Till I write next, President Jonathan would still be peeking and grinding on what to say and does not deserve your vote.