We all need gentle reminders to bring us back to our natural state of being: embracing inner harmony while being at peace with the world around us.A Letter for YouIt is no coincidence that your eyes have happened to stumble upon this text. The universe has collaborated to create this moment, the feelings, and the revelations that will arise within you. You are meant to be where you are at this moment reading the words that follow.In case you haven’t heard it in a while, or ever, I need you to know that you are talented. Contained within you is a wealth of gifts that you are meant to share. Know that you are far better than you have ever given yourself credit for. The script that you write within your mind does not compare to how extraordinary you really are. Too often, you see a false version of yourself that does not resemble the truth. You are not ordinary; you are a gift to this world. You were not meant to blend in; you are meant to shine. From now on, believe in your unique talents and allow them to flow from within you. When this happens, the world will become a more beautiful place because of you.In case you haven’t heard it in a while, or ever, I need you to know that you are beautiful. Your body does not parallel to another, so you really shouldn’t compare it. It is magnificent in every imaginable way. Your skin tells a beautiful story that you should not hide. Every mark, scar and divit reveals a deep truth about you, where you have been, and who you are. Your body is the eclectic story of you and no detail is a mistake. Too often, when you look at your reflection, words wander within your mind that scribe untruths, and scar your soul. You are not flawed, you are perfectly beautiful. No other being appears the way you do and you are meant to hold your head high because of this. From now on, know deep within you that you are beautiful and exude pride because of that. When this happens, the world will become a more extraordinary place because of you.In case you haven’t heard it in a while, or ever, I need you to know that you are wise. Within your mind and soul, you have all of the answers you have ever needed. Know that regardless of how lost you sometimes may feel – this feeling is never real. In truth, it is an illusion that arises when you measure your path to another. You know your way, where you are going, and why you are here. Too often, you feel uncertain and look beyond yourself for solidity. Hear the words around you, but listen to the ones within you. Your mind is gifted and you are intuitive. Nobody else in the world has guidance for your journey because your path is yours to pave. You are not meant to wander their words; your steps are meant to mirror your soul. Each movement is an extension of your wisdom. From now on, know that caged within you is all of the wisdom you ever need. Allow the walls to fall and listen with trust. When this happens, the world will be a more magical than ever before because of you.In case you haven’t heard it in a while, or ever, I need you to know that you are worthy. All of the positive experiences in your life have appeared because you are deserving of them. No, it is not luck. When you exude joy, this is what has been drawn in your life. Too often, you do not give yourself credit. You are far more magnetic and deserving than you know. Every wonderful person, every smile, and all of those happy memories have happened because you are worthy. I need you to know that you deserve more than you are allowing to shape in your world right now. You deserve happiness in all facets of your life. The road is not meant to be rocky. You are worthy of your dreams coming true. From now on, know that greatness will happen to you in innumerable ways and it is because you are worthy. When this happens, the world will smile brighter because of you.13 thoughts on “A Letter for You”When I started in AA people talked about developing a sense of gratitude. At first due to the alcoholic fog I was in that didn’t make much sense. After 35 years of sobriety I now know that having a sense of gratitude for the things around you and the people in your life are paramount to any feeling of success today.Going throuǥh this post remindcs me off mʏ pгevioսs roommɑte! He constantly kept talking about this. I wіll forward this article too him. Pretty sure he’ll have a very good read. I appreciate you fоr sharіng!this is a good read, if it didn’t know better I’d think my dearest sweetest friend sent me here or sent it to me. In one of her last correspondence to me she spoke of needing to practice gratitude more – as a way to combat depression. She had already been one of of the most genuinely grateful people I’ve known. But I need to work on it. Work on gracious gratitude for the time I had her. And work on zero vitriol towards the family who who hurt her as a child and gave love and assistance conditionally as adults. I’m so very grateful for every moment Robin was alive with me! Thus far she has been life’s greatest gift and I still have much of my story left to live. Robin Rest In Safety – Peace Always