What do we get when we take the object and order the rim by the diameter?…Pi in the sky by and by.In Alaska, where it gets very cold, pi is only 3.00. As you know, everything shrinks in the cold. They call it Eskimo pi.What do you get if you divide the circumference of a bowl of ice cream by its diameter?… Pi a’la mode.3.14% of Sailors are PI rates!A mathematician, a physicist, and an engineer are all given identicalrubber balls and told to find the volume. They are given anything theywant to measure it, and have all the time they need. The mathematician pulls out a measuring tape and records the circumference. He then divides by two times pi to get the radius, cubes that, multiplies by pi again, and then multiplies by four-thirds and thereby calculates the volume.The physicist gets a bucket of water, places 1.00000 gallons of water in the bucket, drops in the ball, and measures the displacement to six significant figures. And the engineer? He writes down the serial number of the ball, and looks it up.The roundest knight at King Arthur’s was Sir Cumference… He ate too much Pi!What is the official animal of Pi Day?… the PI – thon!Math Riddles (14)Why should you never mention the number 288 in front of anyone?… Because it is too gross (2 x 144 – two gross).How is the moon like a dollar?… They both have 4 quarters.How can you add eight 8′s to get the number 1,000? (only using addition) A: 888 +88 +8 +8 +8 = 1,000How many eggs can you put in an empty basket? … Only one, after that the basket is not empty.Where can you buy a ruler that is 3 feet long?… At a yard saleWhen things go wrong, what can you always count on?… Your fingers.What coin doubles in value when half is deducted?… A half dollar.Why are diapers like 100 dollar bills?… They need to be changed.What goes up and never comes down?… Your AgeWhy is the longest human nose on record only 11 inches long?… Otherwise it would be a foot.Why do they never serve beer at a math party?… Because you can’t drink and derive…Why didn’t the quarter roll down the hill with the nickel?… Because it had more cents.Why is 6 afraid of 7?… Because 7 8(ate) 9What is a proof?… One-half percent of alcohol.Geometry Jokes (33)What do you call a teapot of boiling water on top of mount everest?… A high-pot-in-useWhat do you call a crushed angle?…. A Rectangle (wrecked angle)What did the baby tree say when it looked in a mirror?… Gee-Om-A-Tree.What do you get when you cross geometry with McDonalds?… A plane cheeseburger.Why did I divide sin by tan?… Just cos.What shape is usually waiting for you at Stabucks?… A line.Why did the obtuse angle go to the beach?… because it was over 90 degrees.What do you get when you cross a mountain climber and a mosquito?…Nothing! You know you can’t cross a scalar and a vector.What did the acorn say when he grew up?… Gee, I’m A Tree!Why does nobody talk to circles?… Because there is no point!What do you call an angle which is adorable?… acute angleWhat did the student say when the witch doctor removed his curse?… HexagonWho invented the Round Table?… Sir Cumference.Which triangles are the coldest?… Ice-sosceles triangles.What do people who whine a lot and 3 points have in common?… They are both coplanersHow many grams of protein are there in that slice of chocolate pie?… 3.142What kind of tree does a math teacher climb?… GeometryWhat do you call people who like tractors?… ProtractorsWhy were the similar triangles weighing themselves?… They were finding their scale.Why won’t the circles invite the ellipses over for dinner?… They are too eccentric.Why did the 30-60-90 triangle marry the 45-45-90 triangle?… They were right for each other.Why is a geometry book always unhappy?… Because it always has lots of problems.Why is Ms. Radian such a good reporter?… She covers the story from every angle.Why couldn’t the angle get a loan?… His parents wouldn’t cosineWhere do circles, ellipses, hyperbolas and parabolas like to hang out in the summer?… Coney Island.Why didn’t the chicken cross to the other side of the inequality?… It couldn’t get past the boundary line.Q: What do you get if you divide the cirucmference of a jack-o-lantern by its diameter?… Pumpkin PiWhy was the parent function upset with its child?… It was stretched to its limit.What is a proof?.. One-half percent of alcohol.Why do you rarely find mathematicians spending time at the beach?… Because they have sine and cosine to get a tan and don’t need the sun!What did one geometry book say to the other?… Don’t bother me I’ve got my own problems!What do you call a broken record?… A Decca-goneCalculus Jokes (21)Why do they never serve beer at a math party?… Because you can’t drink and derive…Why won’t Goldilocks drink a glass of water with 8 pieces of ice in it? It’s too cubed.What’s the integral of (1/cabin)d(cabin)?… A natural log cabin!What is the first derivative of a cow?… Prime Rib!What is the value of the contour integral around Western Europe?… Zero. Why?Because all poles are in Eastern Europe!How does a mathematician induce good behavior in her children?… “I’ve told you n times, I’ve told you n+1 times…”What is polite and works for the phone company?… A deferential operator.Why was the parent function upset with its child?… It was stretched to its limit.Did you hear the joke about the statistician?… ProbablyWhat wild animal is good at calculus?… The tangent lion.Why is a calculus book always unhappy?… Because it always has lots of problems.Why was the Calculus teacher bad at baseball?… He was better at fitting curves than hitting them.Why was the function so bent out of shape?… It’s regression model was too tight a fit.