I. M. TellingBiographyIt occurred to him that perhaps, he might be a better writer of erotic fiction if he targeted his craft towards one person at a time, making love to one reader at a time. [ From I. M. Telling's story Simone and the Writer ]A little perversion of the mind makes it interesting. It also means we typically lead double lives - one for those who think we're normal, and then there is our real world. _________________________________ I. M. Telling writes Erotic FictionI.M. Telling lives in the southern United States and has been a non-fiction writer for some time. He has always wanted to write erotica and is finally making that dream a reality. His writing includes everything from highly explicit erotica featuring interracial relationships, swinging, and cuckold tales to very sensual stories of bondage and examining the dynamics of open marriage. His work has also started to extend into other genres including adventure, humor, and stories with extreme violence.Telling states that he prefers to evolve the characters within his tales, making their journey from where they start to where they reach by the last page as the reason for the story."I am convinced that the mind is the most powerful sex organ in the body. I hope my stories generate stirrings within the reader, by being somewhat specific with the x-rated portions. Yet I mostly want my readers to make a journey of their own as they follow the changes happening inside the minds of my characters, who I consider to be my friends. I never judge nor fault my characters, as it is their journey and not mine." I. M TellingWhere to buy in printBooksEscape On a Bike - Another confession from her cheating husband pushes her out the door and she is as mad as hell. She knows she needs some time to rise up on her heels and spin for a while. Her next stop, to pick up some condoms, douche, and mouthwash.Remember, This Was Your Idea commences seconds later than the second chapter of Steven and Nadia's story ends, as they try to embrace the world neither wants but feels compelled towards. Each of them hopes it will ultimately work out for them but things are not as they seem, nor have they ever been when a shocking twist is revealed.I Hope You’re Happy Now continues the story of Steven and Nadia. The first story ended and their failure to understand each other continues in Chapter Two. Each of them have begun traveling paths apart but they still hope to meet and find themselves, and each other.Nadia never wanted it to happen but her husband Steven’s obsession with seeing her with another man finally pushed her over the line. She asked herself, “How could he want such a thing?” This is a story about a couple’s failure to communicate."If there is anything that irritates me more, than a married man cheating on his wife, I don't know what it is." Many things irritated Gail; men cheating on their wives were just one of them. Online chatrooms were full of men, seeking to meet with her in secret. Chatting online filled a need within her. Mostly, she played along with their silly games.This is the third volume of the sexually erotic and BDSM themed Slave Factory Trilogy. It begins approximately three years after the events that unfolded in volume two. As in the previous edition of this series, a significant portion of this story is targeted towards the drama aspects as control of Per il piacere del Maestro itself is at stake.What else is there to do when you did it all? After you did all of them? This is the fourth installment about Mike and his white wife Trisha, whose cravings for big black cocks made her the ultimate Queen of Spades. How did it start? That's the question this pseudo prequel seeks to answer, as we look back on how Trisha was Serviced for the Very First Time.This is the third story of Mike and his white wife Trisha. It's not just handling three of four guys at a hotel takeover party, it isn't about getting the best black cock around, this one is about the numbers. Let's start the count!Strange things can happen when your small charter plane crash-lands on a deserted island in the Bermuda Triangle. Experienced swingers Charlie and Claudine found themselves in a topsy-turvy world where they are the monogamous couple. Charlie is suspicious that he might have been something he did that turned the pilot and three other couples into wanton sex-addicts.This book is for you if you have ever wondered about BDSM practices and sexual servitude. "I think I know what you are referring to," said James, after Tonya had asked him if he had ever heard of The Slave Factory. "If you mentioned Per il piacere del Maestro to a hundred thousand different people around the world, you wouldWynona would do anything her husband Frank told her to do, regardless of the activity and with any man he tells her to do it with. She does not submit because of her love and devotion for him, but because she is incapable of enjoying sex any other way. Wynona is driven to be taken and used seemingly against her will by men she does not know, it is her obsession.Luanne was shocked when her mother informed her that she was engaged to marry an African American. Not only was she about to have a new Daddy, she would gain a new stepbrother that was close to her own age. The newly connected brother and sister cannot resist breaking all the taboos and letting their passion for each other carry them into the bedroom.Hooker Wife – Joanie had a past that her husband Frankie did not know about. As many girls before her had done, Joanie sold her body to horny men for money to pay for her education. This is a story of addiction and compulsion to the world’s oldest profession.Tammy’s husband intended to take them on a week’s vacation at the beach but at the last minute, his boss scheduled him to work. Being a good husband, he allowed his wife to go on the vacation alone, or so he thought.Read how Connie and Robert transcended their traditional marriage into a deeper and more open arrangement. It all began when Connie treated her husband to one of the most exciting Birthday presents a man could ask for; a naked woman in his bed all for him. Shortly, it’s Connie’s turn to experience an encounter outside of her marriage.Hoping to gain favor with his wife, Douglas proposes an evening of explicit public exposure but a man named Charles takes the couple into another dimension altogether as the taboo of interracial sex is shattered. This is the dark tale of Douglas’s journey in cuckoldry and beyond.Dear John, I am so sorry to have to tell you but our marriage is over and I never thought that I would ever say this to you but things just happen sometimes. I guess it began when you took that new job and, well you were gone on business trips so often.The Zebra Lounge is a private club where dreams come true. In part two of the series, interracial erotica author Long John O'Tool and his lady friend Carla return to the club to continue their experience. Mark, Marlene, and Coach treat O'Tool to a night of raunchy stories about the club and the black men and white women that revel in the club's decadence.The Zebra Lounge is a private club where dreams come true. The right set of six lottery numbers opened many doors for Mark and Marlene. Mark was finally able to make his dream of an interracial club a reality. His goal was to supply as much big black cock to white pussies as possible. The club’s concept came from one man’s dream.Jeannie had yet to experience her first on-screen kiss but the role required far more than just kissing a man. The part required full nudity and included an explicit sexual encounter with an African American. Raised in a conservative environment that was prejudicial towards blacks, this would also be the challenge of a lifetime.My name is Alex and I am a black man. I am six foot four, I wear size fourteen shoes, and my dick is just over eleven inches. If you are afraid some black man is going to fuck your white wife, I am the one you need to worry about.Patricia knew she had to get out of the house that morning, she knew she had to do something otherwise; her anger at her philandering husband would drive her insane. Heading out for a drive with no destination in mind, events coalesce and place her in a situation where choices had to be made. Did she make the right choice?Ebony Knights and Ivory Ladies is an interracial erotica tale, where it is all about the color contrast. A group of ivory men and their ivory wives seek out and explore the taboos of our society by servicing ebony men. Carmella and her husband Randy take their fascination with the color ebony to the extreme as they embark on a breeding programKent based Simone discovered the explicit erotica of American writer Long John O'Tool and her life is changed forever. She had been stagnating in a loveless marriage for years; O'Tool's sexy interracial stories generated fantasies, which she felt compelled to explore.Willy has come to a crossroads in his life. Widowed two years before, a life-long, repressed fantasy about crossing the color line and having a sexual encounter with a white woman is what drives him. Frustrated by attempts to accomplish his goal in traditional ways, Willy creates a profile on a swinger’s site.Suzanne is a white woman who has never been with a man of her own race. As she reaches the beginnings of middle life, she sees no reason to start now. This is a story of white for black lust and satisfaction.This is the eighth and final chapter in the High Stakes Erotica Series. Jack and Chloe had experienced everything there was to experience in the swinging lifestyle at least once, experiencing some things many times, yet there was still more to discover in their journey. Sex has many forms of expression, and this story deals with the world of fetishes and BDSM. We don’t bite, unless you ask us.The seventh chapter in High Stakes Erotica. More humorous than previous entries in this series. Jack and Chloe turn their home into a group marriage with three additional people. Chloe's black lover Henry, Jack's Japanese sweetheart, and Michelle who still thrills Jack with rim jobs whenever she can.This is the sixth story in the High Stakes Erotic Series about the adventures of Jack and Chloe in the world of Swinging. An unexpected event while Jack was out with their friend Michelle triggers an interest into the commercial side of sex.Black Jack is the 5th chapter in Jack and Chloe’s journey into the world of swinging. This time, there is a rule change taking place. Chloe receives an invitation to go out on a date and Jack allows her this freedom. New lines are crossed of course. Events happen which neither Jack nor Chloeever considered as possible. The man who asks Chloe out for dinner is a black man.The fourth story in the High Stakes Erotica Series Jack and Chloe attend their first full-blown swinger's party and do they have fun! This is the tale of their first experience at an orgy and it is a great one. Naked people everywhere and lots of you know what going on. Chloe can't even remember how many men she was with that night.Raising the Stakes is the third installment of Jack and Chloe's journey into the world of Swinging. In this story, they discover online swinging sites and have their first meeting with another couple. It turns out to be very much what they had hoped for. Chloe begins to learn about some kinks she never knew she had."Another Wager" is the second tale in the High Stakes Erotica Series. Jack and Chloe are ready for their next challenge. This time, it will be Jack that is out on the prowl. Another wager is placed between the hot young married couple for the same high stakes as the first wager. However, unlike their first bet, both Jack and Chloe are confident in the outcome.Black Cock Whore, Trisha and her husband Mike are heading out to a new and exciting party again in this follow-up story to Being Serviced. A mysterious email arrives one day with sketchy details for a weekend in Las Vegas as guests of an exclusive group of famous black athletes.It was Brenda's birthday and her husband Riley had presented her with a gift. It was an ankle bracelet with the letters BBC hanging off it. BBC was Brenda's initials and she loved the fact that her husband had purchased such a personalized gift for her. Neither Brenda nor Riley knew of the intended purpose of this bracelet.Smashwords book reviews by I. M. TellingForced to Watch: The Breeding of My Wife on Jan. 12, 2013 Very nice story of a fantasy experienced resulting in a reality obtained that neither the husband or wife foresaw or wanted. The breeding of a white woman by a black man has its roots in American history from pre-Civil War times as ruthless white masters and oversears tecked out to the slave quarters to relive their carnel urges and if a black female became pregnant, so much the better because it added to the plantation's assets. It is not surprising that breeding with a white woman is high on some African American's ToDo list, and 'do' it often as well. There are also white women and white couples who fantasize about having the wife breed black as well but this story is brutal as was the historical record. Faced with blackmail and humilation, a couple who simply wished to experience a fantasy is forced into submission by a dominant black athlete who cucks the husband while he is purposely seeds the poor man's wife. A cautionary tale that warns us to think about what we do with our fantasies. Well written, and good character development within the confines of a short story.