1. Sexuality and feminine expressionThe beauty of being a woman (or a man for that matter) is the choice you have to express yourself sexually in the world or in a relationship with another human being. You should never feel the need to say sorry for the way you express yourself in this department unless it breaks a mutual commitment you have made with someone. Also, the way you express your feminine essence is never to be apologized for. The Divine Feminine energy can manifest in a multitude of different and beautiful ways that can only be defined by you.2. Wanting babiesFor many women (not all) this is a biological urge to carry and birth a baby, or at least nurture something or someone. If you haven’t had children yet and want them, never feel the need to apologize for your desires. There are a vast number of ways that nurturing energy can manifest in your life – from having pets, plants and contributing to the world around you. The key is to stay true to what you think your soul needs in order to expand. Babies usually appear in perfect divine timing.3. Not wanting babiesAs mentioned above, there are many ways being a nurturer can manifest in the world and not liking or wanting your own children is perfectly fine. Never feel the need to justify the reasons you don’t want to have kids. There are way too many people out there in the world that procreated from a place of insecurity, accident or their own limiting beliefs. Owning your decisions is beautiful and authentic.4. Making more moneyNever say sorry for being able to draw prosperity into your life. It will create a block in the pipeline and scare the money off. Allow for abundant energy to flow by being fearless in your faith that making money is your birthright and super-easy.5. Changing our mindsA free-thinking human being’s mind is totally allowed to change their minds. This isn’t restricted to male or female. If your heart is in tune with your desires, then your mind can totally change the course of action intended…unless you change your mind.6. That time of the month“Sorry, I’m hormonal. I’ve got my period.”Bullshit. This is total bullshit. Apologizing for a scared ritual that needs to occur on a monthly basis for a woman is like saying sorry for every poop you’ve ever released from the depth of your bowels. Hormones are beautiful teachers, that allow us to ride the wave of life and navigate a clear path. It’s the contrast of feeling happy and sad in life that paves the future.7. Being who you really areWhoever you are, whatever you want to do – never apologize for the way your heart expresses itself in the world. Your role is to be who you really are – unapologetically – and cultivate love and compassion from the people around you that nurture and support your dreams.Is there anything else that we apologize for that needs to be spoken about? Please comment below. xoShare Your Thoughts...Hello. I’m SarahWho am I? I'm a bestselling author, award-winning entrepreneur and artist. My soul’s passion is to sprinkle unlimited, creative possibilities and new perspectives everywhere I go. I'm truly devoted to teaching people about how to follow their heart, manifest their desires and believe in their own magic. xo