Greatdiamondinfo.comTIP! Keep your whole jewelry collection sparkling with a polishing cloth. You can keep your items shiny without using chemicals.Jewelry can get confusing whether you bought it yourself, received it as a gift, or inherited a piece. How do you know where to find more information on something like this? Read on to discover a few handy tips that can make you a wiser owner, buyer and giver of jewelry.TIP! Be cautious of the way all of your personal jewelry gets stored together. It’s better to keep pieces separate by using boxes, holders, hooks and other containers.Don’t keep your jewelry in open air or someplace with a lot of humidity. Some good examples of proper storage would be,a jewelry box that is closed, or a small draw string bag. Air and humidity can tarnish metals of all types. While precious metals can be polished back to their original luster, non-precious metals are only coated in which case polishing causes the copper metal underneath to show through.TIP! When storing your jewelry, be sure that you store it in a place with low humidity and free of open air. A box designed especially for jewelry gives the best protection, but a cloth bag can also work.Jewelry should last a life-time. Go to a dealer you can trust to make sure you get a quality item at a fair price. High-quality jewelry can be told by its superior craftsmanship and good manufacture. The jeweler must be able to provide a history of the piece. This will tell you who made the piece, and where the components came from. This way, you can ensure you are paying a fair price. If you select high-quality jewelry, it will last you forever.TIP! Take a magnet and a keen eye with you when you head out to purchase any jewelry made from sterling silver. As a precious metal, silver should never be attracted to a magnet.Have shopping companions when you shop for diamonds. Find a few reference pieces that you like, and see if other diamonds can do better. You should be aware that there are many deceptive people trying to sell jewelry; therefore, it is essential to learn and understand what is involved when selecting a new diamond.TIP! Make sure you know what kind of gem you are getting when you are buying jewelry. Gems can be natural, imitation or synthetic.See what types of earrings they wear, what color, if they wear ankle bracelets, etc. Doing this will provide a good basis for where you should begin so that you can purchase a special piece for that special someone.TIP! Ask about any insurance a jeweler may offer when you are buying jewelry. You want to know if they will be able to repair or replace the piece if it was to break.For jewelry to stay shiny and new-looking, it is important to keep it from tarnishing. Exposure to water can affect the finish, so avoid it. Many pieces can become rusty, tarnished or dull when they are exposed to water. A very light coating of clear nail varnish can be applied to some jewelry, and this will add an additional line of protection against the elements.TIP! You should carefully consider how to best care for your jewelry. Different kinds of jewelery will require you take care of them in different ways.If you’re shopping for an individual who likes unique pieces of jewelry, you should consider purchasing an item that is made specifically for this person. Giving a gift that requires thought and creativity will make it even more special.A brooch can add visual interest and an accent to an otherwise dull belt. Place the brooch close to your hip or in the middle of your waist.Plastic WrapTIP! Hit up several different stores when looking for diamond jewelry. Every single diamond is unique and has individual flaws.It is possible to remove the knots from jewelry that has become tangled. Sometimes you give up on untangling a mess but you can get yourself some plastic wrap before you do give up. Apply baby oil or mineral oil to your necklace after placing it on the plastic wrap. If the jewelry is tangled and knotted, try using needles to unknot the strands. Next, use dish soap to clean the piece. Finish by using a soft cloth to pat it dry.TIP! If you’re giving a special person in your life a present, you should consider buying a jewelry set. Jewelry in sets comes with a discount at many jewelry stores.If you are trying to sell jewelry online, it is important to post ample photographs from many angles so that each piece is presented in a pleasing and accurate way. Since your potential customer will not be able to examine the piece in person, your presentation is very important. Make sure you take a photo of the jewelery in a place that will focus on it and not the background.TIP! Traditional simple clothing can be paired with colorful ornate jewelry to add some interest. Instead, allow your jewelry to remain the focal point by pairing it with solid colors and classic lines.The diamond cut and clarity can make the stone more appealing than the size. Remember to think about the personality and style of the woman you’re getting the diamond for.TIP! Alexandrite has a lot of encouraging qualities, but does not get as much press as other stones. The stone’s color can change from shades of green to purple, depending on the light.Don’t swim while wearing your jewelry. The chlorine in pool water is very harsh and may cause your fine jewelry to appear dull. Salt water can damage them over time too. Taking these off before swimming will protect their beauty and extend their life.TIP! Always keep within your budget when you are buying jewelry. A beautiful ring will soon lose its allure if you have placed yourself in a significant amount of debt just to acquire it.There are many different aspects of jewelry to learn about. Do your homework, and identifying the best investment pieces of jewelry will be easy. There is a wide range of jewelry out there for you to explore! As you begin your journey, these tips can act as guideposts.