Direct Support ProfessionalFounded in 1987, REM Ohio serves individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities through a range of individualized programs including Residential Services, Day Programs, Supported Employment Services and a flexible Host Home program.By providing a wide range of service options and adapting those services as the needs of the individual change, REM Ohio ensures a quality experience for each person we support and their families as well as their community partners and funding sources.REM Ohio is a partner of The MENTOR Network, a national network of local human services providers offering quality, community-based services to adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities, brain and spinal cord injuries and other catastrophic injuries and illnesses. With opportunities from coast to coast, when you join REM Ohio and The MENTOR Network, you’ll make a difference every day and help to provide quality of life enhancing services to individuals across the country.DescriptionEvery person needs the support of others, but we look for very special people to support individuals with developmental disabilities. As a Direct Support Professional(DSP) with REM OHIO you’ll be one of those exceptional care givers.DSP home care providers are also the link to the community for the DD individuals they serve. For some, they may be the eyes of those unable to see, or the voice for those who can’t speak. For others, they are friend, cheerleader and subtle support on the path to one’s true potential.For REM OHIO and The MENTOR Network the DSP is one of the most exemplary reflections of the wonderful mission driven work we do here every day. The direct care staff who provide this rewarding care giving support, play an integral and crucial role in the success of our organization.To that end, the DSP also happens to be one of the best places to start in our company with a myriad of career options to move up and across the organization. We in fact have many success stories from people at all levels that started out in this direct care role.Whether you have previous experience in the DD field, Social Services, or this just sounds like the type of career path you would like to pursue…we want to hear from you!REM OHIO is seeking Direct Support Professionals/Caregivers to provide assistance to individuals in a community-based setting. DSPs provide assistance with daily activities such as meal preparation and planning; medication administration; and personal care. DSPs may also facilitate community involvement by accompanying individuals on outings in the community or providing transportation to work or other activities. In addition, DSPs support therapeutic and behavioral plans in partnership with clinical staff to enhance the quality of life for those we support.Founded in 1980, The MENTOR Network is a national network of local human services providers offering an array of quality, community-based services in more than 30 states to adults and children with intellectual and developmental disabilities, brain and spinal cord injuries and other catastrophic injuries and illnesses, and to youth with emotional, behavioral and medically complex challenges as well as their families.LocationAkron, OHJoin Our Talent CommunityWant more jobs like this? Sign up to receive job alerts.To add more than one keyword, simply enter the keywords separating each with a space.KeywordsLocationEmailSuccess! Please check your email to activate the job alert.To subscribe please enter two or more letters for KeywordWHY WE WORK HEREPurposeWe are powered by purpose. Our passion, skills and experience make a positive difference in the lives of others, making our work meaningful, energizing and rewarding. Together, we are building relationships and enhancing lives in communities across the country every day as a leader in the field of health and human services.CultureWe are one community. We truly appreciate and enjoy being with the people we serve and those we work with. We value collaborative relationships and diverse contributions. Our environment is one of collective trust and shared respect.RewardsIn addition to the intrinsic value that comes with pursuing a career in service to others, we provide many employee-focused rewards, including a variety of comprehensive healthcare plans, innovative wellness programs and competitive paid time off. And because we believe in rewarding all who contribute to our mission and success, virtually all of our employees are bonus-eligible.RecognitionWe celebrate the accomplishments and milestones of our team members whose daily acts make a difference in the lives of people throughout our organization and the communities in which we operate.Career GrowthWe have a history of growth from within. Our people have the opportunity to build challenging and rewarding careers across multiple functions, service lines and locations. Our employees have limitless opportunities to enrich their careers through diverse experiences and continued learning.Military & DiversityWe promote a diverse and respectful workplace; our employees expect it and the individuals we support benefit from it. The MENTOR Network is also a military-friendly organization. We serve military personnel, veterans and their spouses through our programs and know that as employees they bring significant skills to a mission-driven organization like ours.