MONTGOMERY, Ala. -- Auburn will soon boast the nation's largest college video board at Jordan-Hare Stadium, and Director of Athletics Jay Jacobs says the school and its fans will benefit from the flashy new experience on football Saturdays.The Auburn Board of Trustees approved the new video board and other upgrades at the stadium in its meeting Friday."It's a great return on that investment because it's going to impact the students, it's going to impact the student-athletes, and it's going to impact the grass-root fan and the guy who wants a suite. We're excited about that," Jacobs said.The trustees approved the video board and scoreboard in the South end zone and approved a feasibility study for upgrades in the North end zone that would include premium seating, a new home locker room and new scoreboard. The trustees approved specific architectural and construction firms to devise a plan for the upgrades in the North end zone.The South end zone scoreboard, new audio system and additional electronic ribbons fronting the upper decks approved Friday are expected to cost $13.9 million and will be paid for by the athletic department through debt service. The specific cost of the video board is $3.5 million. The overall cost includes the removal of the current scoreboard and installing the new one. The old scoreboard will be removed in March and construction of the new scoreboard will begin soon after.Auburn coach Gus Malzahn said in a statement that he was "very excited about the Board of Trustee's approval for a new state-of-the-art video board for the 2015 season. This will be a great enhancement to Jordan-Hare Stadium and very beneficial for the best fans and best game-day atmosphere in all of college football."The LED display on the new scoreboard will be 435 percent larger than the existing one. The new display area is expected to measure 190 feet by 57. The old one measures 71 feet by 28½.Jacobs said Auburn fans deserve "the biggest and the best."The scoreboard in the North end zone will remain while the school studies renovations in that part of the stadium.The board approved the hiring of an architect and a construction manager to study the feasibility of upgrading the North end zone with premium seating, a new recruiting area, moving Auburn's locker room from the South end zone to the North end zone and adding other amenities for fans. A proposal for specific upgrades will be presented to the board later.The Board of Trustees approved the scoreboard after the Joint AUM/Property and Facilities Committee heard the proposal at the trustees' meeting on the Auburn-Montgomery campus.The new scoreboard and the proposed improvements in the North end zone are part of Auburn's facility enhancements over the last 10 years. Those expenditures have included a new basketball arena, new dorm, a Wellness Kitchen and indoor practice facility.The trustees also approved securing space in Auburn Arena for the volleyball team, moving their locker room out of Beard-Eaves Memorial Coliseum."The priority focus of the $178 million we've allocated to facility-related investments since I've been the Athletic Director have been in those areas that directly impact the performance of our student-athletes on the field of play and those that are most important to our prospective student-athletes when it comes to recruiting," Jacobs said.Jacobs said the expenditures are the proper course "not only because it's the right thing to do for these young women and men, but because it's the foundation for which long-term athletic and business success can be built."Charles Goldberg is a Senior Writer at AuburnTigers.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @AUGoldMine