Townsend, a gifted athlete throughout his life, had a choice after last year’s LA Combine. Face his weaknesses head on, or move on from Grid. He chose the former.Now, it’s paid off with a professional contract to join the National Pro Grid League. The former college football player, who later was a free agent in the NFL, signed with the Los Angeles Reign at the end of the second day of the LA Pro Day.At 6 feet and 195 lb, Townsend has always excelled athletically thanks to his natural talent, uncanny strength and intuition for movement. He played wide receiver for the University of Iowa and Rutgers University, then spent two seasons with the Chicago Bears. From the standpoint of strength, speed and explosiveness, Townsend has been described as the “.1 percent of the .1 percent”.So imagine the frustration for this world-class athlete when, after the LA Combine in 2014, he was not selected to move on to the final combine in Las Vegas. He didn’t even make it through the first round. Despite putting up some enormous numbers at the event in some of the lifts, coaches and scouts did not see efficiency of movement that would translate to Grid.Townsend had gone into the LA Combine banking on his power. While other athletes selected from a variety of movements including muscle-ups, chest-to-bar pull-ups, handstand walks and more, Townsend chose to demonstrate how strong he was. He deadlifted a whopping 625 lb and clean and jerked 335 lb.However, last year some coaches and team operators were skewing toward well-rounded athletes, the need for an immensely strong player who might not be able to perform double-unders was not yet apparent.“I muscled everything,” Towsend said of his lifts. “It was all muscle. No technique.”As a result, when names were being announced as to who would advance to the Vegas Combine, Townsend was not on the list. As the final name was read, Townsend made his exit quietly, headed for his car and began the reflective drive home.Then his phone rang.On the other end was Alec Hanson, team operator for the LA Reign. Hanson was admittedly impressed by the sheer power he saw, but felt that Townsend needed refinement.“He was really raw,” Hanson said of Townsend’s 2014 performance. “He powered everything – he lacked flexibility and technique to do things like a squat clean. His 335 lb was a power clean.”So Hanson encouraged Townsend to seek out some coaching on his bodyweight movements and also to improve technique on the lifts. That reference was Dusty Hyland, head coach of the LA Reign and owner of Dogtown CrossFit.Armed with a new focus and drive, Townsend relocated his base to Dogtown Crossfit and connected with Lindsey Valenzuela as a training partner. With Hyland as his coach and Valenzuela pushing him, Townsend set about fine-tuning his natural athleticism into an efficient, driven Grid machine. He attacked a myriad of Grid-specific skills like legless rope climbs and burpee ring touches. He addressed holes in his lifting technique. He set his sights squarely on training for the 2015 Grid season.And train he did. A visit to his Facebook page reveals his Grid training journey, all chronicled in short, 15-second video clips. At this weekend’s LA Pro Day, he again clean and jerked 335 lb — twice — in under 20 seconds. But he also showed his newfound bodyweight acumen by scaling the rope four times in 20 seconds. Both the clean and jerk and the rope climb were good for third best in the men’s field.And with LA as his home, Townsend realistically had his sights set on being a dominant member of just one team: The LA Reign.“This is my home, this is where my wife has her career, this is where my daughter [20-month-old Prisais] is growing up,” he said.If the situation were right, he might consider relocating for another team, but for now, Townsend’s hard work and dedication have him wearing a Reign jersey alongside friend and training partner Valenzuela and under Coach Hyland. He wants to help bring the team its first win.“James has really taken himself from being an explosive and powerful athlete to almost a five-tool athlete in my opinion,” Hyland said. “He has some game-changing abilities for Grid — I’ve never seen someone with more explosive power, not only on the barbell, but gymnastics, as well. I am excited to see what he brings to Grid.”The Sport of GridGrid is the world’s first professional spectator sport with co-ed teams that compete in strategic athletics racing. Learn more at Grid U.National Pro Grid LeagueThe NPGL is where the world comes to watch teams from across the country challenge each other physically and strategically on the Grid. With professional teams representing eight major US cities, these athletes will learn to compete together for the championship, and prove that we are Faster Together.