21 Bad Makeup Habits You Should Stop DoingFeb 3, 2015Most women apply makeup in a certain way. Because of this, it is difficult to break out of that particular routine – until you see your reflection and you notice just how different you look. Whether you got heavy blush on or you applied too much face powder, these simple mistakes should definitely be avoided if you truly want to look your best. Check out the list below to find how you can fix these bad beauty habits:Applying Makeup to Dry SkinWhen you have dry skin and you apply makeup, foundation will sit on top of your face and will not blend.Solution: Avoid flakiness by exfoliating at least once a week and apply a moisturizer after.Using Wrong Primer for Your FoundationMany women apply water-based foundation and silicone-based primer together, which will eventually cause the primer to look too heavy.Solution: Before you use a primer, look at the ingredients of your foundation first. If it is water-based, use the same formula with your primer.Using Your Hand to Match Your Foundation with Your Skin ColorAdmit it – you’ve done this before to test foundation and see if it goes well with your color.Solution: Since you will apply foundation on your face, use it on your jawline rather than the back of your hand.Applying Foundation to Your Entire FaceFor most women, foundation should be used all over the face. As a result, they look like they are wearing a mask.Solution: Your T-zone, the areas under your eyes, and around your nose are the only places your foundation should touch.There’s more to it than just putting colors on your face. Check if you’re making these makeup mistakes / Photo by voguePutting Bronzer on Every Inch of Your FaceBronzers can give you a sun-kissed glow, but your hairline and neck will show just how fake this is.Solution: Apply a bronzer on the bridge of your nose, your chin, forehead, and cheekbones very lightly to make the tan look more realistic. If you want a full look, use a self-tanner rather than a bronzer.Choosing Incorrect Concealer ShadeUsing a lighter shade for what you want to hide is a common mistake. In reality though, it just draws more attention to a flaw.Solution: Use a concealer that matches with your foundation. Of course, your foundation should match your skin tone.Applying Concealer WronglyConcealer is usually used to hide dark circles, so women apply it on top of these flaws. Unfortunately, the concealer is so visible and makes it look unnatural.Solution: Apply concealer in an upside down shape that creates a triangle below the eye. This will provide a brightening effect, making the dark circles lighter and yet natural-looking.Not Locking Your ConcealerAfter you have applied concealer, you move on to another product because you think it is enough to just use a primer to set the concealer.Solution: Use translucent powder to lock the look down.Applying Glitter Eye Shadow without a PrimerWhen you apply glitter eye shadow and you notice glitter is all over your face, you’re definitely doing it wrong.Solution: Use a damp brush when applying a primer then put it on your eyelids to make the glitter stick better.Applying Blush the Wrong WayIf you see that you look like a clown with heavy red circles on your cheeks, it’s time to change your blush on application method.Solution: Smile first then apply your favorite blush from the apples of your cheeks while going up to your cheekbones. Don’t forget your temples and make sure the color is well-blended.Using the Wrong Blush FormulaPerhaps you followed the tip above when applying blush on, but still your blush does not look natural at all.Solution: Switch to powder blush to make your blush last longer and attend to skin problems such as wrinkles and dry skin. If you are already using powder blush, use cream blush for a natural-looking color.Using an Almost Empty Mascara TubeIf you think pumping the brush into your mascara tube is okay, think again. Instead of getting the last traces of mascara left, you are actually drying it out as you pump air into it.Solution: Just buy a new tube.Making it a Habit to Wear Waterproof MascaraWearing waterproof mascara every time you apply makeup will only dry out your lashes. This formula is also quite difficult to remove and you could end up losing some lashes.Solution: Use waterproof mascara only during rainy days or when you expect yourself to sweat a lot.Curling Your Eyelashes after Applying MascaraObviously, this is a huge mistake as it will ruin your mascara and cause your lashes to fall out.Solution: Curl your lashes first, and then apply mascara.Applying Lip Liner on the Edges OnlyLeaving the lip liner on the lip lines can leave an unappealing ring around your mouth. You can apply lipstick on top, but the line will be visible once the color fades.Solution: Apply lip liner on all the lines. If you don’t want this, forget the lip liner.Using Dirty BrushesYou don’t clean your brushes. After all, it is very time-consuming and you know you’re going to use the same makeup anyway.Solution: Not cleaning your brushes can cause you to break out. Wash them regularly to keep the brushes clean when you use them on your face.Holding on to Old MakeupIf you think you’re saving money by using old makeup, you’re not doing your skin any favors.Solution: Makeup expires in two years or less. Good products have their expiration dates listed. Never keep the old ones; throw them out once they expire.Choosing a Room with Wrong LightingYou may be used to applying makeup in your bathroom or bedroom. When you go out, you’re not the only one who notices the blending errors.Solution: Apply makeup in a well-lit area. For best results, sit in a part of the house that has the same lighting as your destination. For example, if you’re going to a sunny place, apply makeup while sitting on your porch.Using Nail Polish Remover for Old LacquersMany women actually put nail polish remover to weaken their manicures. Unfortunately, this does not help as it breaks down the new polish.Solution: Use a nail polish thinner, not the remover unless you don’t plan to apply new polish anytime soon.Skipping on Base CoatYour manicures just last for a few days and you keep wondering why.Solution: Your polish chips because you don’t apply a base coat, which is required to grip the lacquer.Forgetting to Wash Face before Going to SleepYou’re probably too tired that you don’t want to spend another minute up, so you just go to bed without washing your face and removing makeup. Unfortunately, your laziness can cause you rough, aged skin as you turn this into a habit.