The Mirror's Kevin Maguire tells it like it is when some of the country's richest meet for a £15,000-a-table partySuffocating secrecy thrown around the Black and White Ball in a London hotel reveals David Cameron’s terror at voters discovering who pays the piper and calls the Premier’s tune.Because among the high-rollers from Mayfair hedge funds and City banks at the £15,000-a-table Con job at the Grosvenor Hotel on Park Lane are the leaders of the Amalgamated Society of Tax Avoiders and Society of Vested Wealthy Interests.Cameron is many things but stupid isn’t one of them. That’s why he wants to keep hidden the parasites who fund his party as the political wing of the British plutocracy.No gathering will more graphically illustrate the obscene gulf between the Two Britains.Last year’s event attracted 570 Tory supporters worth £22billion. This year Cameron wants them to dig deeper, doubling donations, to buy him the General Election.PATally ho: Cam's chums are multi-multi-millionairesThe Tories ferociously champion tax avoiders because they are the Tory Party. And tonight’s bash is precisely why Ed Miliband mustn’t wilt under attack from the greedy barons. Labour isn’t anti-business and it is Cameron, fatcats and the Westminster Bubble who are out of touch.Tax avoiders destroy those rivals paying tax. Tax avoiders cheat public services, including the NHS and schools, of much-needed funds.And tax avoiders add insult to the injury of every worker who must pay their taxes. Fatcats behaving as if taxes are just for the “little people” are destroying the British economy.Poll loading …The Tories and the Tory press, including newspapers owned by tax dodgers, are losing the argument.The kitchen sink was thrown at Miliband and Labour. The result? Of the last 15 polls he examined, political betting expert Mike Smithson found Labour ahead in 10, the Cons ahead in just one and four tied.Hysteria and hyperbole from the Tories and their allies is the sound of Cons frightened that Labour and Miliband will soon be in power.The fatcats will chuck ever-greater wads of tax-avoided cash at Cameron to save their grotesque scams.GettyBold: Labour Leader Ed Miliband has a no nonsense approach to tackling fatcatsThis is a fight Miliband’s party will only win if it’s bold. At stake are fairness and decency – and we’ll never achieve either in a country as unequal as Britain.The heavies guarding the Tory super-rich tonight shows they feel threatened. Big business shouts and writes cheques to the Tories because it hates being held to account. Tough.It’s time fatcats stopped dodging tax and were forced to pay living wages. Workers, the self-employed and small businesses should be on Labour’s side. Responsible large businesses, too.Turning a hotel into a fortress to protect Tory donors is the gulf between Cam’s cronies and the rest of Britain.