Are you sure you want to back out of sending this message?Copy & paste this code into your HTMLAbout Support and PrivacyWhat is “Supporting”? Supporting a Thunderclap campaign is like signing a petition but with the added power of simultaneously sharing a message. You and every other supporter are standing up for an idea with the power of your voice.How do I support? Choose between your Twitter, Facebook, or Tumblr account to grant Thunderclap permission to post a message on your behalf. That’s it! If the campaign reaches its support goal before the deadline, Thunderclap will automatically post your message along with everyone else who has supported.A note on privacy When you log into Thunderclap using your Twitter, Facebook, or Tumblr account, you’re allowing our platform to share a single message on your behalf. That’s all. We use the absolute minimum permissions possible to post a message on your behalf. The platforms we integrate with sometimes include additional permissions that we do not use and we will not post anything from your friends' accounts.Rare Disease Day 2015 is shaping up to be the biggest awareness-raising campaign for rare diseases yet! With less than one month to go, participants in more than 80 countries and regions are expected to get involved – organising conferences, festivals, dinners, walks, media campaigns, concerts, and much more!Rare Disease Day takes place on the last day of February each year. The main objective of Rare Disease Day is to raise awareness amongst the general public and decision-makers about rare diseases and their impact on patients' lives. The campaign targets primarily the general public and also seeks to raise awareness amongst policy makers, public authorities, industry representatives, researchers, health professionals and anyone who has a genuine interest in rare diseases. Since Rare Disease Day was first launched by EURORDIS and its Council of National Alliances in 2008, thousands of events have taken place throughout the world reaching hundreds of thousands of people and resulting in a great deal of media coverage.