On Feb. 7, Universal Music Group CEO Lucian Grainge hosted his third annual new artist Pre-Grammy showcase at the Ace Hotel. The event featured performances by some of Universal’s biggest artists and some of the label’s emerging artists.After a cocktail reception, it was time for the show to begin! The instrumental for “Black Widow” played as Iggy Azalea emerged on stage and kicked off the show with “Fancy.” Then Grainge thanked everyone for coming and declared that this particular event was about “pure music and the artists who have very very generously given their time and their day off to come and perform and meet you.”“It gives me great personal pleasure to introduce the next artist who really personifies everything that we want to be and everything that we try to be … Sam Smith,” he continued. Sam Smith looked sharp in a dark blue suit. He was accompanied by a pianist and performed “Nirvana.” He sounded better than ever. He thanked Lucian and everyone for having him and said “It’s good to keep my mind off of what’s going to happen tomorrow by singing.” He then performed “Stay With Me.”Tori Kelly took the stage next. Her debut album features production by Max Martin and artists like Pharrell and Ed Sheeran. Dressed in a black jacket and short shorts, she performed “Nobody Love” accompanied by an acoustic guitarist. Another new artist who performed was Ryn Weaver. Her debut album features production by Benny Blanco, Cashmere Cat and Michael Angelakos from “Passion Pit.” Despite having some mic issues initially, she killed the rest of her performance. She performed “Promises” and “OctaHate.” Her music is very rich and layered. You will definitely be seeing more of Ryn in the future.Next up guests were treated to a clip from the new authorized Kurt Cobain doc, which will premiere on HBO. Keith Urban brought some country flair to the showcase performing “Somewhere in My Car” on a keyboard. Then for the next song, he was joined by his full band for an upbeat number. Another stellar new act, which took the stage is folk country duo Madisen Ward and the Mama Bear. Their new album, which will be out May 2015, is being produced by Jim Abbiss.Country duo Maddie & Tae performed their hit song “Girl In A Country Song,” and Fall Out Boy brought the energy to a whole new level with “Centuries” and “Light Em Up.” Tween heartthrob Shawn Mendes performed “Life of a Party,” and a new song he wrote a few weeks ago called “A Little Too Much.” Next, The Weeknd performed his “50 Shades Of Grey” original song “Earned It” and “Wicked Games.” UK artist James Bay beautifully played two songs on the guitar. You should definitely check out “Hold Back The River.”The grand finale was Maroon Five. They performed “Animals” and “Sugar.” Then Adam Levine introduced everyone to his new artist Rozzi Crane, who he discovered on YouTube. He said she had one of the most incredible voices he had ever heard, so he decided to start a label, solely so he could sign and develop her. They performed a duet called “Painkiller.” She certainly does have a powerful voice and we are excited to hear more.