{Review + Giveaway} Red Queen by Victoria AveyardYou guys! You guys! YOU GUYS! This book is – wow! I'm so excited to not only be hosting this tour! Check out my review here, and be sure to follow along for more reviews and fun author posts from Victoria herself over the next 2 weeks!!The poverty stricken Reds are commoners, living under the rule of the Silvers, elite warriors with god-like powers.To Mare Barrow, a 17-year-old Red girl from The Stilts, it looks like nothing will ever change.Mare finds herself working in the Silver Palace, at the centre of those she hates the most. She quickly discovers that, despite her red blood, she possesses a deadly power of her own. One that threatens to destroy Silver control.But power is a dangerous game. And in this world divided by blood, who will win?Fantasy is not my genre of choice. In fact, it's generally so far down my list of things I want to read these days, that it's in fear of falling off the list all together. RED QUEEN and the excitement surrounding it, was totally contagious and it was impossible for me to not want to know what all the hype was about. Let me tell you how I wasn't disappointed in the least and I have relocated my misplaced love for Fantasy because of it!RED QUEEN is exquisitely written! From the pick-pocketing we find Mare doing at the start of the book, to the heart-pounding last page, every word in between them is undeniably amazing, and very easy for me to say will be the next big novel to hit Young Adult shelves!In a world where you are defined by your blood, Mare Barrow lives each day just barely making it. Knowing she will be sent to war, like her 3 brothers before, her in mere weeks, her only solace is that her little sister and her best friend are both apprenticed, and will stay in the Stilts to work. Where it's safe. More or less.But when an injury and a death take the only two happy things she can hold on to, away from her, and threatens to send those she cares about off to war with her she knows she has to do something to stop it. In a twist of fate, a chance encounter leads Mare to a job in the castle, where she's about to learn that you can't always define things based on your blood color, and where she will land smack in the middle of a war between brothers and parents – that will leave her (and you) wondering who to trust at every turn!Suspenseful, action-packed and enough boys to keep you choosing RED QUEEN is the one book you can not miss in 2015!About The AuthorI'm a screenwriter/YA author who likes books and lists. This site is the nexus of my universe.My book RED QUEEN will be published Winter 2015 from HarperTeen at HarperCollins. I'm repped by the incomparable Suzie Townsend at New Leaf Literary & Media, Inc.The genres I'm into include YA, Fantasy, Historical, Adventure, Apocalyptic - if people are dying, I'm buying.TWITTER | WEBSITE15 comments:I am super excited to read Red Queen! I'm kind of a cover junkee and totally judge books by their covers even though I know that's bad sometimes, but I really think this cover is just stunning. How could it be bad with a cover like that!? I can't wait to read it. Thanks for the giveaway! :)I am muy excited to read this! I just can't wait! the more of my friends positive reviews Iread the more excited I become :D I can't wait to get to it! And, I actually think I'm going to try to make it to the Barnes and Noble signing this week if i don't have to work or if i can get off! Thanks so much <3I'm SO excited. I really love fantasy, and I especially love YA fantasy, because it tends to be more about the ladies. (I love adult fantasy, but there sure are a lot of white boys over there...) Also, THAT COVER IS GORGEOUS.