2 - Door stop - make sure you have one so on your first day everyone knows you there and they can come talk to you!3 - Clothes airer -- you should have a radiator, but an airer is a great way to save on washing.4 - Something to carry laundry in.5 - DON'T forget stationary!Luxury/nice to have:1 - DVDs - they are a great way to make friends, you can watch them on your laptop if you don't have a TV.2 - Mattress topper/protector - the mattress can be a bit minging.3 - If your allowed to put posters on the wall then they are nice to add a bit of colour.4 - Rug.5 - I took a mirror that you can hook over the wardrobe door - I only had a small bath room mirror so maybe wait until your there first.6 - The wardrobe I had was for the burrowers (or I have too much clothing) so I look some storage for the wardrobe so I could fold some clothes.7 - Photos - they brighten up the room and can help with home sickness.8 - If you take photos etc. don't forget white/blue tac. It might be an idea to also take drawing pins as most halls rooms have a pin board.9 - Fairy lights - nice and girly and make the room homely.8 - I took a printer which is a good thing to take if you can so you don't have to venture out if you only need to print one thing.9 - When you get there if you don't have hooks like me then over door ones are a good idea for coats, dressing gown and stuff10 - It's nice to have a desk lamp.11 - TV and DVD player - check your room has an Ariel to plug it in. And bear in mind a TV license.KitchenIn relation to the kitchen most universities will tell you what to bring. I was in catered halls so I took minimal kitchen things with me. I would just say one of everything will be enough.If your halls say you need a kettle etc. then wait to you get there because someone else is bound to have brought one.I would say clips for food bags are a good shout though.Also a can opener and a bottle opener - most people forget small things like this.BathroomFirst of all have you got a share or an en-suit bathroom?if it is shared then just take your toothbrush etc.if you have your own then it's a good ideas to take some small bathroom storage just for tooth brush because I didn't have a shelf or anything in my bathroom so I would have been I trouble if I didn't get a small storage stand.A rug/bath matt type thing is nice to have, but wait until your there so you don't get one that is too big/small.General for everywhereBasic cleaning stuff - multi purpose.Extension leads because for some reason the sockets are in the most awkward place possibleIroning board - wait until you get there, you might not need it or someone else might have got one. unless you already have them.I hope this has helped!!! If you have any questions or want and advise just leave a comment!!!Monday, 9 February 2015So as the title suggests this post will be just a little more about me. I have been getting a few more page views recently, so thank you very much and even though I will still remain anonymous, I think it would be nice to list a few things about myself. so here it goes:I am 20 years old.I have Brown hair and blue eyes.I am 5ft 4I love fashion, beauty, the colour pink and just about everything you would label as girly!I love animals!I go to university where I study law.I hope to become a lawyer, it is my ambition in life.I live by the sea while I am at university.While at home and at university I live in the south east of England.My fav thing to do with my friends is to go and sit in a café and chat.I do however, love clubbing and letting my hair down.I ride horses and love to spend time competing with them.I love to watch The Vampire Diaries, I have watched it since the very first episode, it is without a doubt my fav show.I am terrified of heights - it is by biggest fear.I love PJ days.I am a Scorpio.I am very family orientated.I am a bit of a clean freak and I like things to be organised.My fav food is jacket potato, don't ask why, it is random I know!I have never been outside of Europe.I love all things Disney!I have a very sweet tooth so I am addicted to anything with sugar in it.The Isle of Wight is my happy place as I have gone there once every year with my family for as long as I can remember leaving me with nothing but happy memories of being there.Saturday, 7 February 2015So I was talking to a girl that is about 15 the other day about her struggles at school and she made me think about my time at school (which was not that long ago) and what I would tell myself at the age of 15 if I could. When I say the age of 15 I really just mean anyone currently going through secondary/high school!This might be a long one - bear with me!I completely get it, school is a hard time for everyone no matter how much you enjoy school as a whole there will always be those moments where you just want it to be over with.Don't try to make everyone like you - and don't be upset when they don't, it is their loss! Be the best version of yourself and do not change for anyone. While I was at school I feel like until people who thought I was shy didn't really know me. I didn't realise how true this was until I left and later made some more friends who I felt so confident around that I could be loud and proud! These are the people you want around you in life and if they don't like it then they are not worth your time.Work hard - but also enjoy it - it only happens to you once after all Do your best and it will pay off. It may not seem all that important, but the work you do now will pay off in the future so do your best.Don't be afraid to ask for help All schools want their students to be happy so they offer advice or just a chat with a member of staff to put you at ease which may be all you need. It can be hard to speak to someone you know like friends and family so someone you maybe do not know maybe the best option.You may feel alone at times, but everyone around you either feels the same - or has done at some point. If you are feeling down, just think that it will get better! Confide in those around you and in return do the same for them.The friends you make are not always for life You do not necessarily make friends for life at school. it has been two years since I left and went to university and out of 18 girls who I spent my time with I am now in contact with just 2 of them. I occasionally bump into the others but that is about it, so if you maybe don't click with people at school, there will always be other people that you will meet once you move on from education or further studies.Bullies I was lucky! Which I appreciate! I was not bullied while I was at school. I mean there may have been arguments and misunderstandings with people, but I was never on the receiving end of insults and abuse. Having said that, all I would say is ignore them! I know that is easy for me to say and even if you tell yourself not to listen, it still gets to you. If It gets too much tell someone and do not even respond to these people as it only gives them ammunition. Just make sure you seek help and do not suffer in silence!By the time I got to my final year at school I definitely felt like I was ready to leave. I think I felt like I had outgrown my surroundings and there was so much more waiting for me that I didn't hesitate when I skipped out of that building on the last day!However, now I am studying for my degree, I look back and wish my life was as simple as it was then. the work load was not as big, there was fewer money worries and family were waiting at home for you. I don't so much miss the people, but the things I thought I wouldn't miss is suppose.I suppose right now as I am writing this post it is my escape from all the hard work and seriousness of what I do, so maybe that is the answer find a distraction. For me I think my family was a distraction - whenever I was having a bad day I would just look forward to being able to go home and forget about it.So I suppose what I am saying is the things that seem bad now will not when you look back in the future, trust me! Everything will be ok!I hope this has helped at least one of you! I tried to give my little sister advice like this but she never listened to be and found out the hard way. Let me know if you would like any more posts like this and what you would like some advice on.Friday, 6 February 2015The name of this blog refers to me being so stuck for choice when it comes to foundation! I am sure you can relate!Shall I choose a cheaper drug stores foundation?Do I go for something more expensive like Mac?And the reluctance to change the foundation you feel comfortable with for a new one!So I thought I would go through a few I would and would not recommend and the one I am using right now.To begin with this post will focus on drug store foundations as they are within most peoples price range - I am a student after all! Plus I have not yet fallen for any pricey foundations which may well be a good thing!So I recently decided to change my foundation, don't ask why, I have no idea I must have just fancied a change! I dreaded the time that I would need to spent wondering through Boots and Superdrug, covering my hands and neck in foundation to try and get a good match, then making the ultimate decision. So I decided to get 3 that I liked, use them all then once they were all gone, continue to use my favourite.So the first one I brought was:Rimmel Lasting Finish Nude Foundation which was only £4.99. It was by no means a bad foundation, I just found that it didn't stay on my face for as long as I wanted if that makes sense. It would rub of too easy for my liking.I then chose:Barry M Flawless Matte Finish Oil Free Foundation.This was also good, but I just don't think it liked my skin very much! I found that it would disappear off my face too quickly and long wear was something I really needed. I also like having a bit of a glow to my face, when this foundation is matte so if that is what you want then this may be for you. Oh and I nearly forgot this was £5.99.Right now I am using: L'Oréal Paris True Match FoundationIt was £9.99 from Boots (I think Superdrug are about the same price) and I feel it gives me the best complexion and it does what it says, and matches the skin tone very well!I also find that it stays on all day, even when I decided to go out clubbing etc.You may have noticed that these were all liquid foundations. I think the only reason I tend to go for these is that I use a brush rather than a sponge for application and I find that it provides the best coverage.Saturday, 31 January 2015So Freshers is over and it's time to settle into the daily grind of university life. There is a lot of fun involved with university, but there is also a lot of pressure placed on you.I decided to start answering some questions that I had received: The first of which being - What is the work load like compared to A-level?Now I have been told that this is not true of most degrees in the the first year, in fact the work load for these lucky people does not hit until exam time.However, for me on a degree like Law the work load is constant. To give you an idea in one week we were/are expected to: - Attend 6 hours of lectures, - Attend 6 hours of Seminars, - Do seminar prep for the 6 of them (which is around 1000 words each!) - This prep is part of 35 hours of studying we were (and still are) expected to do on top of this, - This also includes reading a huge amount, - Then there is the coursework that will hit when you least expect it. None of the other work slows down, you just have to fit it all in.I am pretty sure the lecturers think we never sleep!So as you can see this is a huge leap from A-level studies, which the university knows, so they will ease you in don't worry! (and also don't forget if your not a degree like law, you wont have this much to do).I was once told in my first year by a lecturer that the work load of a first year Law student is the same as that of a 3rd year on most other degrees. I know...I was shocked by that too!If you happen to be on a degree with a high work load then inevitably, you will have other people (mainly those you live with) asking you to go out all the time and trying to tell you "you cant possibly have that much work to do." As they look at you with questioning eyes! Well IGNORE THEM! If they can't see that you have so much to do, then they aren't worth explaining it to!Even though this is a little Law based, I hope this helps you with uni related questions!Thursday, 29 January 2015That's right! I am not going to lie to you and say university is easy! Nor will I tell you its smooth sailing! But it WILL be the best time of your life!I attend university in the South East of England, so I will just speak generally about my experiences and those around me.So, I think I will start from freshers (the first 1/2 weeks of uni) then if this post gets enough love I will discuss another part of being at university.So the moment has finally come, you have worked so hard to get here, and you can't wait. Your excited, you don't know what to expect and yet you are terrified as well.I remember the moment my parents left me in my room in halls. I felt really happy and relieved to be free, but at the same time I felt lost and didn't know what to do with myself.So... halls I would say that Halls is the best place to live while at university. Yes its noisy and occasionally sleep is impossible... but, you meet friends here, they will be the first people you know. On top of this, it is secure, cheaper than the rent on most houses and in most halls you get a cleaner for communal areas. And also don't forget halls is always fun!So I am not saying don't live anywhere but halls because at some universities this is not possible, but if this is an option available to you then take it! Oh and... LOCK YOUR DOOR - Don't be too trusting when you are not there to avoid not so funny pranks! AND just remember everyone is in the same situation, really friendly because all they want to do is be friends!Partying At my university there is two weeks for freshers, at others I know it can be one week. But either way, this means A LOT of partying, socialising and drinking. I would say get out there, do everything. I made a deal with myself that I would not say no to anything for the entire two weeks and it worked well for me.However, while this is all fun and games, for me I was still having to attend lectures and seminars everyday and partying at night. This was exhausting...but now I look back the struggle to get out of bed way so worth it. So my advice to you would be just make the most of it!Making friends Everyone seems to say you make friends for life while at university - and that is true for me! I have made an amazing set of friends who are there for me and I know I will have for life.But...having said that don't panic, I didn't meet the friends I have now in Halls, or while I was partying during freshers. We met on our course (LAW). I met them during the first week of freshers, but I would say at this point we were not more than acquaintances. We gradually became better friends over time and I appreciate them a lot now.So don't worry if you don't click with people in the first five mins of being at uni like everyone says you will. It comes with time like all good friendships!I want to go home... If at any point the inevitable home sickness starts to come in.. then remind yourself why you are there. How hard you worked to be there and what you want out of it. 3 years seems like a long long time, but believe me you will blink and it's gone!I hope this has helped at least one person!So, the first two weeks of university were amazing. It was hard but definitely worth while, even though I don't know how I managed to go out so much and I can't imagine doing that now it was an experience I will never forget.