LEVEL Foods ReviewAbout Them: Today, LEVEL Life offers a range of products and a simple step-by-step lifestyle program for people who refuse to let diabetes get in their way. You can use our Glucose Gels to treat daily lows or those that occur from weight loss — or fight high blood sugar and lose weight on our reduced carb program by integrating our Bars and Shakes into your daily snacking routine. Fact is, we’re a small company with big goals — and we’re in this together. So join us on our mission to make living with diabetes easier — to find your LEVEL Life.”LEVEL Life is a food brand made just for diabetics, and diabetics in mind only. Though some of the food tastes great for just eating if you’re not, has a lot of healthy alternatives inside the foods.LEVEL Life FoodsMy Grandfather in law has type 2 diabetes, of course we didn’t know that until he moved here, and got settled in a year later. They sent me a pretty good collection of the LEVEL they have available. From candy bars, peanut butter cups, drinks, these jelly packets. Everything tasted great, and grandpa loved them a lot. They use a different kind of sugar, lower in other area’s of the foods. I tried some the bars, and a few of the drinks and they were so good. These are great for diabetic people as they can enjoy something sweet and good, and won’t rack up the numbers in the sugar levels, and feel sick and gross inside. All these foods are offered for a great price, pretty much can be affordable for any person on any wages. There sure is favors or favors in their floods, and I liked the caramel versions of all the foods.Disclosure: I received product(s) for free, in exchange for an honest review, which may differ from yours. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I used personally, and believe will be good fit for consumers.Hi I am Tiffany of 31 years old. I am married, and we have 2 boys under 7. Our 7 year old is special needs. I am a photographer, I work in media relations, and I enjoy blogging. Email me at tiffanyreviews@outlook.com