Top StoriesGood Technology’s latest Mobility-index report revealed business and governments activated more iPhones than any other handset during the last three months of 2014, with Samsung dominating the Android side of things. The post iPhone 6 accounts for 30 percent of all Q4 phone activations by businesses and governments appeared first on Digital Trends.Google, along with other tech giants like Microsoft, Apple, Facebook and Twitter, is calling on Congress to end the bulk collection of communications metadata by US government agencies like the NSA. The Reform Government Surveillance coalition, made up of 10 major tech companies, is joining with civil society groups and trade associations to urge legislators to […]The BBC Two’s Top Gear has produced 159 episodes to-date. Of them all, 10 stood out head and shoulders above the rest. Here is our list of the best Top Gear episodes. The post Top 10 best Top Gear episodes appeared first on Digital Trends.Apple has released a series of four videos today that show — explicitly — exactly what the Apple Watch can do, how it will do it and why you might be interested in buying one. If it seems to be a bit late in the cycle to get something like this out, I agree. Apple’s […]A Japanese company called Exiii has created a sub-$300 bionic arm that connects to your cellphone in order to perform some surprisingly limber maneuvers. The arm uses 3D printed parts to make it easy to build and assembled and it can be repaired or reprinted in multiple colo Read MoreAdventure-man Bear Grylls will produce a new reality-like TV show for NBC called The Island, which will put 14 modern day men on a remote island to fend for themselves, and film the whole thing. The post Bear Grylls’ The Island will pit 14 participants against the elements appeared first on Digital Trends.Astronaut Daniel T. Barry thinks NASA’s mission to Mars is humanity’s most important endeavor yet, for reasons including the birth of Captain Kirk. We talked to him about what it’s like to explore the Final Frontier.Read more…HTC’s next flagship phone, the One M9, is here. We’ve gathered together all the news, prices, and release dates regarding the new HTC super phone into one handy roundup. The post The wait is over for the HTC One M9 — It’s now at Verizon, too appeared first on Digital Trends.The responsibilities of Apple retail employees will morph as soon as next month and will resemble the duties of sales personnel in luxury stores like Rolex. Employees have been trained to upsell and discuss fashion choices. The post Apple retail employees to be trained to give fashion advice for Apple Watch launch appeared first on […]Apple Watch vs Pebble Time SteelPop quiz, which of these is the Apple Watch and which is the new Pebble Time Steel? It’s kind of hard to tell the difference between the two smartwatches in the above photo.Pebble seems to be doing its best impression of the "iWatch" with the stainless steel model of its […]For all the things Windows 10 is supposed to do better than Windows 8, one of its most anticipated features is Project Spartan, Microsoft’s soon-to-be replacement for the much maligned Internet Explorer. Though beta versions of Windows 10 have been available for a while, it wasn’t until today’s release that we’ve been able to get […]Most of the hype around Netflix’s new family drama has centered on Kyle Chandler, but it’s really Australian actor Ben Mendelsohn who steals the show. The post Kyle Chandler Isn’t Bloodline’s Star. This Unknown Actor Is appeared first on WIRED.About TechseekrTechseekr.com is a hub of the lastest technology news and views, all gathered in one place for your convenience. We source news from the top tech sources to ensure we bring you only the best and most relevant content. We hope you'll find the tech news you're looking for here. You can also find us on Facebook and Twitter to ensure you always stay up to date with breaking developments.