People can get longevity from 930 to 1000 years, with the rejuvenation of the boPeople can get longevity from 930 to 1000 years, with the rejuvenation of the body. Amen!How can people get longevity from 930 to 1000 years, with the rejuvenation rganizma?To do this, they should receive baptism of fire, with a banner obtain forces that will win them the power of hunger in the regular food: bread, water, meat, vegetables, fruits, etc. and they will for many years to eat only liquid-shaped food - natural: milk with honey, juice, peanut butter with olive oil and garlic sauce (no more than two glasses per day of liquid-shaped food - 17t consecutive years - my example: I 62 years old, height 180 cm. Weight - 70 to 72 kg.).How can people get a baptism of fire with banners obtain forces that will win them the power of hunger on a normal diet, and they will for many years to eat only liquid-shaped food ?To do this, they must be able to speak on the "tongues" for many hours, that is to receive the gift of speaking in on the "tongues" for many hours, that is, to have a full baptism of the Holy Spirit. The majority of Protestant Christians is not a full baptism of the Holy Spirit, so the "tongues" spoken by only a few minutes, just so they can not get a baptism of fire.As people get a full baptism of the Holy Spirit with the evidence of speaking in "tongues" for many hours?To do this, they need to listen and understand their Pastor Sermons on "tongues" as standing next to him Pastor Nikolai Elenberg, this is your pastor preaching in Russian yayke, will say "tongues." Realizing his Sermons Pastor "tongues" by Pastor Nicholas Elenberga, people will witness supernatural phenomena - Marvel, as "other languages" - is the Holy Spirit that people can hear - to perceive through their hearing.Due to these supernatural experiences people will receive from God - the Holy Spirit Baptism Valuable Holy Spirit with the evidence of speaking in "tongues" a lot hours. Amen!Today, new technologies make it possible to get a full baptism of the Holy Spirit with the evidence of speaking in "tongues" for many hours, once all Mankind, using broadcasts via satellite TV, Internet video, etc. translated into all major languages of the world, such sermons Pastor, asJews, Muslims, Buddhists, Atheists, too, as Christians, can get the power that will win them the power of hunger on a normal diet, and they will for many years to eat only liquid-like food, because God is with us all one, but we call him on the mesopause God -allyl - Hashem - Buddha - the Holy Spirit.The new idea - Longevity from 930 to 1000 years, will bring together all nations of the world - Humanity. Amen!Yes, God help us - the Holy Spirit - God - Hashem - Buddha! Amen!The people you want to get longevity from 930 to 1000 years, with the rejuvenation of the body, through their pastor and Pastor Nicholas Elenberga?Report ContentIf you believe this post is inappropriate, please report it. Inappropriate content includes:Crude or indecent language, including adult stories or "imagines"Sexual tips or adviceSexual fetish content (e.g. foot fetish content)Information on adult toys or productsLinks to external sites containing adult contentContent which advocates against an individual, group, or organizationContent that may be construed as biased against individuals, groups, or organisations based on criteria such as race, religion, disability, sex, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or political affiliation.