Bobbi Kristina Brown was reportedly plagued with a number daunting issues in her life. Although several reports have insisted the majority of her problems were the result of domestic violence and the negative influence of her fiancé, Nick Gordon, the 21-year-old’s confidant has revealed she had many more concerns.According to the Daily Mail, Daphne Barak recently shared details about her relationship with Bobbi Kristina over the past 15 months. Although she’s still quite young, Barak insists an “emotionally shattered” Bobbi Kristina had been burdened with quite a heavy load since her mother Whitney Houston’s death on February 11, 2012.Barak, an international interviewer and producer, described Bobbi Kristina as a “lost” girl who was in desperate need of family structure since her turbulent lifestyle often left her alienated from her family. Last March, Bobbi Kristina received the first disbursement from the late singer’s estate. However, she and Nick weren’t exactly pleased with the amount of money she received. Although Barak’s account has not been confirmed or denied, Bobbi Kristina’s aunt, Pat Houston, also stated that there was an alleged disagreement in reference to the $1.2 million she received.Page Six reports Pat blamed Nick for the backlash over the disbursement. However, Bobbi Kristina saw things from a different perspective. Barak insists her issue was with the family. She allegedly accused her family of trying to remain in control of her mother’s estate based on claims that she was “unstable.”“My family say I’m crazy so they can get hold of my money,” Bobbi Kristina allegedly said.The strained family dynamic reportedly contributed to Bobbi Kristina’s dreams and aspirations of creating her own family. Although it’s no secret that her relationship with Nick wasn’t the best, Barak insists she often felt he was her only hope of building the family structure she so desired. However, an insider insists Nick used her weakness to his advantage in an effort to “turn her against” her family.“Krissy [Bobbi] and [Marion “Pat” Houston, who is married to Whitney’s brother, [Gary] were close at one point, and Pat always looked out for Krissy,” the insider said.Barak agreed Nick wasn’t the best influence. She openly discussed how Bobbi Kristina used drugs and alcohol to cope with the devastating loss of her mother. Based on Barak’s account, Nick was often an enabler who contributed to Bobbi Kristina’s prescription drug usage. Barak recalled a number of times Bobbi Kristina and Nick Gordon came to visit her and explained they were “sick” from the flu as an excuse for the prescription drugs they’d been taking.Here’s an excerpt from the report of Barak’s account.“Bobbi Kristina herself took prescription drugs. It was all too clear when she and Nick came to visit. She complained they had ‘flu’, Nick in particular. ‘We are very sick. We need a doctor,’ Bobbi Kristina insisted. When I said my partner would drive them, she replied: ‘No, Nick will go. I am too famous to go.’ After visiting the doctor, Nick tried chemist after chemist. Bobbi Kristina stayed with us, chatting happily. She looked healthy.“When he surfaced with the pills he gave her some – and they ran off to their hotel. We phoned and phoned, but they didn’t pick up. Then they called us – three days later. My partner later found a prescription made out to Nick in our Jeep. It was for Oxycodone, a highly addictive and powerful drug used to relieve severe cancer pain.”Bobbi Kristina and Nick Gordon’s marital status was questioned earlier this week because many feared he would inherit Whitney Houston’s estate in the event her only daughter does not recover. The looming question has reportedly led to a big feud amongst family members since it is still relatively unclear who would inherit the estate, which is estimated to be as high as $100 million.Articles And Offers From The WebCommentsSadly, this little girl is going to die. I don't think she was that crazy to set herself up in a tub of water to drown face down in it. But I do believe others could be as crazy as to think staging such a scene would support a suicide defense. I pray the truth comes out and justice is served. And now the Brown/Houston families both know for real and for sure how money doesn't buy everything…Preying upon a very vulnerable young girl, so very sad, I believe it was all staged, she did not have the true love and support that she truly needed, such a sad situation…….I pray for you to have so much love and peace in your eternal life Bobbi Kristina……God loves you deeplyof course she's surrounded by gold-diggers. Why else would they have a fist fight at a family gathering? Show some class, people. My guess is she was tired of all of it and ready to cut her bf/husband or whatever he was, loose.If there is no hope they should let her go. They could donate her viable organs. That way part of her would live on and her life would have true meaning. She would be remembered in a good light instead of this sordid, tarnished image we are being left with.share our thoughts? what I think is that this is an article FULL of superficial information just begging for attention. The detail are wrong, the journalism is dreadful as is the spelling and editing… just sharing thoughtsobviously nick is not her husband or he would make a claim and have a right to be at the hospital. I am certain there are enough speculators within the Houston fam and the typical greed in families when there is a wealthy member dying. well, in absence of a will, the money will go cissy Houston, next person in line after bobbi. the browns should not have any claim at all! after all whitney and bobby were divorced. but then there may be technicalities which give bobby brown rights as bobbi's father? sad how family ignore the needs of their children as happened here after whitney's tragic death and now come running like vultures! the money ought to be given to a charity for children maybe or addiction not to a rat pack!obviously nick is not her husband or he would make a claim and have a right to be at the hospital. I am certain there are enough speculators within the Houston fam and the typical greed in families when there is a wealthy member dying. well, in absence of a will, the money will go cissy Houston, next person in line after bobbi. the browns should not have any claim at all! after all whitney and bobby were divorced. but then there may be technicalities which give bobby brown rights as bobbi's father? sad how family ignore the needs of their children as happened here after whitney's tragic death and now come running like vultures! the money ought to be given to a charity for children maybe or addiction not to a greedy rat pack!I wonder why Daphne Barack waited to tell this story when the child is on her death bed. In my opinion, Bobbi name has already been tarnished enough. I believe her family should have loving words from our community. I have joy and warmth in my heart for the family..Just remember what goes around must come back around. It could be your child or love one in this situation. No matter what our children does in their life no one want their child ridiculed. Bobbi Kristina is just like any other child. She just made bad decisions. My heart is saddened, because of the way social media is talking about her like she is not human. She is still a child of God and deserves respect.I wonder why Daphne Barack waited to tell this story when the child is on her death bed. In my opinion, Bobbi name has already been tarnished enough. I believe her family should have loving words from our community. I have joy and warmth in my heart for the family..Just remember what goes around must come back around. It could be your child or love one in this situation. No matter what our children does in their life no one want their child ridiculed. Bobbi Kristina is just like any other child. She just made bad decisions. My heart is saddened, because of the way social media is talking about her like she is not human. She is still a child of God and deserves respect.Cissy wanted complete control of BK's money so she could dole some out to her and keep the rest and as long as bK was on drugs the court saw her as unable to control her own money which played right into Cissy's hand. The more drugged out she was the better for Cissy. Now she will have complete control and no reason to have Bobby Brown in the Houston's lives ever again! They no longer have a connection.At least wait until all this is verified. We have heard so many rumors about what is going on, and to be honest, at this point I feel too sorry for Krissy to take it anymore.Please dont feed us false information. Some of us are so devastated that its hard for us to think about anything else but Bobbi herself. I really do care for her. I want the truth. If there is any decency left to report please let us in. Your site has always been about truth and honesty above anyone else. Will she be OK from what youve heard? I have to know!!!!Well the true is the true. I think her aunt Pat is a gold digger. She had Whitney taking care of her, and when Whitney died she rush to Bobbie Kristina side, sometime neglecting her own child. If the money was Bobbi Kristina, it would then go to Bobbie's next of kin, which is her father, Bobby Brown.Just as an aside, all the signs and signals point to Bobbi Kristina now being brain dead and alive only because her machinery is on at the hospital. I know it is very hard for people to accept what is obviously going to happen to this poor child (death!)…but to focus on this issue rather than the much more important issue ("Is this a homicide investigation or not?") is ludicrous. Regarding Cissy, I don't care if she's 81 or 71 or 91…it took her nearly a full week to get over to her granddaughter's bedside. What's up with that?!?!? No matter what this child did or didn't do in the past, waiting nearly a full 7 days to show up at the hospital is shameful!Whitney Houston could of had a charity set up to receive her royalties of said to be millions of dollars if Bobbi Kristina happened to die so nobody could even have chance of fighting over Whitney's money! As for Bobbi Kristina, her parents made stupid choices in the beginning of her life by not being good role models and now Bobbi has been going down the wrong path and using drugs just like her Mom and Dad did. Instead, of doing drugs that could of been good parents too her and he wouldn't be at this situation today! Rest in Peace Bobbi Kristina alongside your Mom!I do care if she is eighty-one, seventy-one, or ninety-one. She made it to see her loving grandchild. She is the closest thing to Bobbi besides Jesus Christ. In my opinion, shameful is when one who does not have respect for an eighty-one year old adult. I hope I be able to travel when I turn eighty. Heartless people some are. To God be the Glory.Im hoping it will not be another James Brown, where she will be sitting out for weeks before place to rest. I dont think she would deserve that. I m hoping that god will spare this child and heal her and help her to get away from certain people thts not in her corner. I dont know who deserve this but goes down to her siblings and mother. Her mother is up in age so therefore, whose next.Who is this woman?? Miss who ever you are you look like one of the gold diggers too. To blame Nick Gordon for Bobbi Kris' drug problems is crazy. I'm gonna think Bobbi was using drugs while her mother was alive. She grew up in that environment and if Whitney raised Nick, he grew up that way too. If Bobbi Kris and Nick aren't married and if she does die, hopefully the money will go to Bobby Brown. It's something about that Aunt Pat that I don't like…………..My heart goes out to Bobby Brown and especially Ms. Cissy Houston, they both have gone through so much heartache and pain since Whitney's passing. Cissy is a wonderful lady, singing all her life, proclaiming The Gospel of Jesus Christ, all over this country. I am sure she loves her grand-daughter, Krissy very much, and is not angry with her but rather sympathises with her as a child who she has tried her best to save from this fate. The truth is that Cissy's health has deteriorated over the past 3 yrs since she lost her only daughter, Whitney. She was not well enough to travel from New Jersey to Atlanta to be at Krissy's bedside before she got there o n Friday and it's by the grace of God this 81 yr old lady did not have a heart attack or stroke when she got this devastating news.Barbara Saunders Yes Bobbi Kristina dad would be her next of kin. Although, Whitney's family would pretty sure fight for Whitney's royalties of million! That's why if Whitney wrote in her will in writing in the event that her daughter passes she would've gave it to charities. Instead of them fight over it!Diana Love-Nelson and if she does die. and she's not married……..I hope that's exactly where the money will go, to her father, Bobby Brown. And hopefully he will do right and make sure Cissy is taking care of.Bobby Brown is there sole heir to Bobbi KS'S money if she dies he is their next of kin period because she was not married. Pat Houston is there executor of whitney's will so she not coast is collecting a fee as long as bobbi kristina is deemed irresponsible to claim her full inheritance so cosy is just being a grandmother nothing more smh people kill me with liesNow we read that the "family" is going to take Bobbi Kristina off life support on Wednesday; the same day Whitney Houston her mother died three years ago. Talk about a fuster cluck! Making the death of Bobbi Kristina still about Whitney Houston in this GHOULISH way makes my short stories and novels PALE in comparison! Now we really know what that Houston/Brown family was all about for all these years…the money honey!I think Nick is the biggest gold digger and Ms. Barak is the second biggest. What kind of woman would sell the deepest, strictest confidences of an emotionally fragile, grieving young woman to the media while the young woman is in a coma? A greedy, scum of the earth, gold-digging, depraved, documentary producer named Daphne Barak.My heart and prayers goes out to this young girl who has never had a decent role model in all her young life. Now that she is on her death bed, fighting for her life suddenly all her so called, loving family are coming out of the wood work. Sorry to say but she has never had anyone to guide her in a positive, loving family. The only life she has ever known has been drugs(the one thing that has put her where she is today. All any of the ones by her bedside now, does not see what everyone else sees( a young girl dying because both her parents let her believe drugs was the way to live.) When they look at her now everyone of them sees dollar signs. I hope and pray her Mother did make every dime she had if anything happens to Bobbi, it ALL goes to charity or better yet to drug rehab. Praying for Bobbi.♥I would not advise anyone to believe one single word out of Daphne Barak's mouth. She is a FRAUD and CON ARTIST who has refused to pay honest people who have done work for her. She is a crappy tabloid "interviewer" who has been working on getting the "dirt" out of Bobbi Kristina for over a year now just so she can make money off of the "story." This is Barak's usual M.O. I pray for Bobbi Kristina to recover. I also pray for her to wake up and realize this vulture, Daphne Barak, is NOT her friend.I'm still praying for Bobbi Kristina and I'm also praying a special prayer for Bobby Brown. I know having to look at his little girl hooked up to a machine, must be ripping his heart out, day by day. "Please Lord! Wrap your loving arms around Bobby Brown and allow the angels Of "Grace and Mercy" to act as a hedge of protection all around him; as he take a stand and declare that "his little girl will recover, and Lord!" because Bobby Brown so strongly believe in miracles, I also stand in agreement, holding his hand and asking God for a Lazarus miracle. God is not dead, but alive and He lives in every believer. I believe in God and I also believe in "Miracles!"The entire family see money first, Bobbi Kristina as the way to the money. If the love of her life is Nick Gordon (every couple fights) he should be allowed to see her. Maybe his voice would trigger her to respond. The people seeing her now she has not seen or heard in a long time…not a huge part of her life. Worth a try. God Bless her!