Dog With Horrific Injuries From an Embedded Choke Collar Finds a Forever Home!Right before Christmas, the Trio Animal Foundation, TAF, was called into an emergency rescue vet after hearing about a stray dog in a terrible situation. The dog had a choke collar deeply embedded under his arm, neck and shoulder. It was so far embedded that you could no longer see it around his neck. The vets had to cut the chain off in pieces to pull it out from under the skin that had grown over it.If it weren’t for TAF and the amazing veterinarians, this poor boy would not have survived. The infected sections on the rescued dog were so terrible they had to be debrided to remove as much of the dead tissue and infection as possible. We simply cannot understand how a human could have subjected a dog to so much pain and suffering, but he was certainly in good hands with TAF and the rescue vet team. The group of rescuers named the dog Kringle and this abused pup was set on the long road to recovery.Kringle had to have a drain placed in his chest to help get rid of excess fluid and was given stitches that ran all the way from his armpit up to his side. His recovery would be painful, but it was clear to volunteers and staff that this was an affectionate, happy and loving dog. After a week at the vet recovering, Kringle was brought back to TAR to recuperate. It was not long before everyone fell in love with his adorable demeanor.Using photos from artists across the world, Overdevelopment, Overpopulation, Overshoot (OVER) provides detailed insight into the breadth of the current problem and offers a solution in the form of consciousness which will inspire action.Disclosure: One Green Planet accepts advertising, sponsorship, affiliate links and other forms of compensation, which may or may not influence the advertising content, topics or articles written on this site. Click here for more information.0 comments on “Dog With Horrific Injuries From an Embedded Choke Collar Finds a Forever Home!”I\'m always shocked and disturbed to see dog adopters wearing what appear to be dog-fur collars on their jackets. Do they not realize that\'s likely dog or cat fur from China? Even that labeled fake has been shown to be real, as in the Kohl\'s case recently. What on earth is wrong with people? I certainly hope that wonderful dog teaches that couple some valuable lessons on love and consistency.Shut up. Jesus, this WAS a nice, feel-good article that the world needs more of...and here comes Laura to shit all over it. Seriously, shut up and stop judging until you have some facts.CH05 Feb 2015Agreed. I\'m a Kohl\'s card holder and I\'ve been boycotting Kohls for a couple years for the mislabeled real dog fur. Very sad.Laura06 Feb 2015@Jack: Your rudeness and glaring judgmentalism are totally out of line. Study up on dog fur ( http://vimeo.com/63730702 ), look at the lady\'s collar, and tone your nastiness and WAY down. Everything\'s not about your feeling "good." I truly hope that dog is in a good home and that the fur is fake even though it looks very real, and that if it\'s real, that great dog can change those people\'s ways.Laura06 Feb 2015@CH: Thank you, yes it\'s extremely sad.MSinVA1 Months AgoWhat a great dog and great story.As many disgusting people as there are in the world, there are more good ones, as this story illustrates.That chain was purposely put on that dog that way and left. The mfer that did that should be beat within an inch of his or her life. Anyone that does that to an animal is not fit to be breathing air. So glad Kringle is in a loving home.Fortunately dogs live in the present. I doubt this dog every thinks of when it was being tortured with the choke chain. Also, never leave a choke chain on a dog because the are easy to snake and tighten without release.Most people do not know how to put a choke chain on a dog. Before putting it on, hold up the chain as if it were a backwards "P" - that\'s the way it should look before putting it on the dog, so the dog doesn\'t actually choke himself or get choked while being walked. I do agree with you, never ever leave one on the dog when not being walked. So happy this beauty got a real home. May the abusers get what\'s coming to them!Scot1 Months AgoGood to see it happy ,All dogs want to do is make someone happy,What a concept? Good stuff!!!