With ZNZ Promotions, you can make money online by simply signing up for and promoting trial offers from well known Fortune 500 companies without doing any selling or cold calling. It's free to join, so get started today! bit.ly/1siHSwMHow to Market a Website More EffectivelyMarketing a website when beginning on line is not the easiest thing to do, you first have to familiarize yourself with how things work online. Traffic in particular has to be understood properly in order for you to make progress.The Internet can seem abstract at times, you have to keep in mind that there are people that are behind the Internet and your goal is to bring these people back to your website to see what you have to offer. The best way to do that is through content.Content is simply information in your niche, it would be the information that people are interested in knowing more about, you could write a short article about a topic that your target market will be interested in reading, post it on content directories online for your target market to find and read. The content directory will have it syndicated and your target prospects will find and read it.Once they are done reading, they will want to know more and you will have a link back to your website and they will click it and visit! There is no better way to market your website online or the products and services you offer. This method also pre-qualifies your readers before they reach your website. If they were not interested they would not have read the article and visited your website in the first place.The more content you create, the more visitors you will get. You want to also track the traffic and see which topics and areas of interest bring in more visitors to your website. I also forgot to mention that this method of marketing is absolutely free. You do not have to pay to submit your content.I wasted 17 months trying to drive profitable traffic to my website, but you should not do the same. Instead click here to get a copy of my “Quality Traffic Report”. In it I will show you my results after testing Content Marketing vs. google pay per click, you can use the results to start driving profitable traffic to your website and also increase your opt-in rate. visit http://www.qualitytrafficbuilder.com/traffic