Andrew MalcolmPolitical News & CommentaryFollowing Barack Obama's lead, America's Democrats have turned sour on traditional U.S. support for Israel.So badly have members of the president's party turned away from Israel, that more Democrats now see Mexico -- you read that correctly, Mexico-- as a closer ally of the United States than Israel, which Democrat President Harry Truman first recognized as a nation in 1948.Just in time for Passover, the growing negative views of Israel by the Obama administration and its supporters carries serious foreign policy and national security implications for both Israel and the U.S., at least for the remaining 657 days of Obama's reign. And it creates a potentially historic opportunity for Republicans.Not to mention its potential impact on political fundraising as a presidential election nears. Jews have long been major supporters and donors to Democrats. And Hillary Clinton, the presumptive 2016 Democrat nominee, presided over Obama's lackluster foreign policy throughout his first term.Obama's inexplicable antipathy toward and impatience with Israel have long been known. During his first term Obama was caught on a live mic complaining to the French president about having to talk with and listen to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu all the time.Obama political pals worked during Israel's recent national election campaign to defeat Netanyahu's coalition-leading Likud party, with a resounding lack of success.In a display of political retaliation worthy of a Chicago pol, the White House not accidentally also released a detailed defense analysis of Israel's nuclear capabilities, considered classified by administrations of both parties going back decades. The Obama team even redacted revealing parts about other nations, but not Israel.Hillary Clinton's intentional deletion of all her secretary of State emails may deny Americans access to incriminating messages. But that cynical act along with additional fudgings leaking out is proving enough to puncture her once sky-high poll numbers, especially in the all-important area of trust.Trust is a lot harder to build than lose. Ask Barack Obama, if you like your doctor, can you keep him?According to the newest numbers, Hillary Clinton is now running three points behind Jeb Bush in the key swing state of Florida. And her lead over Marco Rubio there has collapsed from ten points to but two points.Of course, none of those people have yet to announce their candidacy. Everyone is pretending they don't know that she will probably announce later this month, Rubio likely in about two weeks and Bush after he rakes in a few dozen million more donation dollars.The new Quinnipiac University Pollfinds Clinton leads Rand Paul in Ohio, but only by five points, 46%-41%. In Pennsylvania, Paul has slipped ahead of her by one point, 45%-44%. Quinnipiac focuses on Florida, Ohio and Pennsylvania because in the last 55 years no one has won the White House without winning at least two of the three.Clinton leads other potential GOP candidates, and she still has the underground support of mainstream media. But her leads have, in fact, melted. In January, we noted here that her massive margins over all potential Republican opponents was beginning to crumble. That continues.None of this at present threatens her glide to the Democrat nomination in Philadelphia 15 months from now, though it will cost her vital campaign and debate practice against viable opponents. Ex-Gov. Martin O'Malley now has the full support of ex-Gov. Martin O'Malley to challenge her and Chief Elizabeth Warren says she's not running.Not at least until the big money folks in New York and LA hit the "Abandon Ship" signal come fall if Hillary's numbers continue to crater.Clinton has yet to put forth a broad rationale for her becoming commander-in-chief beyond gender. But her support remains strong among women, ranging from seven points to 28 points. Among men, not so much; her largest lead is three points versus a 23-point negative deficit.Our more than 187,000 combined followers on Twitter (click here for that) and on Facebook (then click here to subscribe to that)know that on weekday afternoons we regularly share a selection of that evening's late-night jokes before broadcast. We publish a collection of these and other jokes when the shows are not on hiatus.Fallon: Talking about the economy the other day Obama said, “I’m going to take a little credit.” Then the economy got bad again and he was like, “Republicans did it!”Meyers: Starbucks has discontinued its “Race Together” initiative where baristas were asked to discuss race relations with customers. Apparently, there aren’t many combinations worse than “racial discussions” and “hot liquids.Just a quick update, as you organize to file your income taxes, on the Obama family's lavish travel expenses that your money is underwriting. Financing might be a better word.Barack and Michelle Obama have traveled more than any other first couple -- doing Spain, Africa, China, South America, among other distant spots. Often they're accompanied by friends and Michelle Obama's Mom, Marian Robinson, who's been living in the White House at taxpayer expense since her son-in-law's inauguration. And in some cases, Mrs. Robinson's friends tag along.By one accounting, as of last July the Obamas had spent more than $44.4 million in taxpayer money on travel for 31 international trips lasting 119 days. For comparison, at the same point in his presidency Ronald Reagan had made 14 trips lasting 73 days.You may recall Michele Obama's controversial trip with friends to Spain's luxury Costa del Sol in 2010 at a time when the U.S. unemployment rate was 9.5% on the way to 9.8%. And President Obama's $1 trillion economic stimulus package had yet to kick in. Of course, it's still yet to kick in.According to numbers gathered by Judicial Watch, the public interest group that investigates government corruption, that trip cost Americans at least $468,000.Turns out, by Obama administration standards that was a bargain tour.Mrs. Obama's latest foreign junket this month was to Japan and Cambodia, allegedly to promote an Agency for International Development program to encourage education for girls.On a one-day, side-trip to visit two shrines in Kyoto, including one honoring a god of rice, Michelle Obama's party incurred almost $79,000 in expenses just for rental cars, Judicial Watch reports. That's a lot of tuition for girls! Or boys.When the Obamas visited Northern Ireland in 2013, Michelle Obama took her daughters on a two-day, side-trip to Dublin. That side-trip alone cost U.S. taxpayers a quarter-million dollars, including a $3,300-a-night hotel suite of the sort Mrs. Obama prefers. The Obamas' Ireland trip set us back just under $8 million.Dublin rental cars alone for the first lady cost $114,000.In 2014 when Mrs. Obama, her mother and daughters toured China, she stayed in Beijing's Westin Hotel in a suite costing you $8,400 per night. Previously, that price was deemed too expensive for Vice President Joe Biden to use.In a speech before thousands of students at Liberty University, Texas rookie Sen. Ted Cruz announced his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination. He's the first official contender of what will be many within a month and he started early to stop sinking in the polls.He's a Tea Party favorite -- a favorite, not the onlyfavorite. There will be competition for the starboard side of the GOP base in these next 12 months -- Rand Paul, Marco Rubio, Scott Walker, maybe Huckabee and Santorum. But Cruz staked out very conservative turf. And he did it in classic Cruz style, if anything can be classic about someone on the national scene only 26 months.As in his college debates and court cases, Cruz stood alone on-stage. No podium. No banners. And -- wait for it! -- no teleprompter.Because, you are meant to realize, Cruz needs no reminders, no help saying what he truly believes. He's speaking every word from the heart. How else could someone utter 2,376 coherent words without a single note? Including weaving in personal stories of a childhood in a troubled family.The performance blew away conservative pundits ("A dazzling speech"--Rush Limbaugh) and editorial boards ("He's hardly the brittle, conservative killjoy the mainstream media try to portray. On the contrary, he is charming, funny, scarily smart, a brilliant debater and more than well qualified to lead this nation"--Investor's Business Daily.)Like most federal candidates in recent times, Cruz vowed to change Washington. And the Easter Bunny will soon deliver candies to every house.But it was an excellent performance, a good start. Which Cruz needed. Every campaign's best day is its first, which is its last day in full control of anything. It's exciting then, full of promise, free of threats and the weariness and disappointments that inevitably come.Scroll down for the complete Cruz transcript and watch the full C-SPAN video there too.Whereas another short-term senator who sought the presidency can never speak without a teleprompter and without mentioning himself dozens of times, Cruz' favorite word this day was "Imagine." He said it 38 times, evoking the country that's drawn millions of immigrants with hope and ambition and the country that could be again with a true conservative at the helm undoing the damage of the incumbent."Instead of a federal government that works to undermine our values, imagine a federal government that works to defend the sanctity of human life and to uphold the sacrament of marriage.""Instead of a federal government that wages an assault on our religious liberty...imagine a federal government that stands for the First Amendment rights of every American."He was little-known, under-funded and had never held an elective office when he outrageously challenged establishment Lieut. Gov. David Dewhurst in the 2012 Texas Republican primary to succeed Kay Bailey Hutchison.Cruz forced Dewhurst into a runoff where the upstart, now 44, proceeded to destroy the political veteran, 57% to 43%, fueled by Tea Party donations and, most importantly, enthusiasm.Cruz won the general by an even larger margin, 57% to 41%, and went off to Washington to make enemies.So similarly, Cruz had no business today becoming the first GOP presidential candidate to officially announce. No wishy-washy exploratory committee for Cruz. He's been exploring the idea for years in his own mind and assiduously cultivating conservative voters and bloggers cross-country.As a very conservative, very outspoken senator, Cruz has as much hope of winning the Republican nomination next year in Cleveland as he did of knocking off Dewhurst, who poured $25 million of his own money into losing.Cruz is starting early relatively-speaking. He'll get a big media splash today that started with news bulletins on a post-midnight tweet: "I'm running for President and I hope to earn your support!"He'll visit New Hampshire next weekend and Iowa early next month. Numerous Republicans will announce in coming weeks, likely beginning in early April with another freshman senator, Rand Paul.Both of them and others will seek to tap into the well of anger -- some days "fury" seems a more appropriate word -- of tea party conservatives sick of RINOs and squishy conservatives willing to compromise for far too long on crucial causes like spending and the national debt when the nation's future is at stake."What it takes is backbone," is a favorite Cruz applause line.Tea Party support -- Sarah Palin is an enthusiastic Cruz backer -- is a high-octane fuel that helps mightily in GOP primaries, where conservative and evangelical voters predominant and relish stark contrasts with anyone, especially so-called establishment Republicans.But that same support can hurt come fall of presidential election years with the general electorate, which fears being afraid of any presidential candidate. Just Google "1964 election."Hi, everybody. One of the most important positions in the President’s Cabinet — and to our national security, our law enforcement, and our criminal justice system — is the Attorney General.It has been more than four months since I nominated Loretta Lynch to serve as the next Attorney General of the United States. For 30 years, Loretta has distinguished herself as a tough, fair, and independent attorney. As the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, she successfully prosecuted the terrorists who plotted to bomb the Federal Reserve Bank and the New York City subway. She helped secure billions in settlements for people wronged by some of the world’s biggest banks. She’s been dogged in her pursuit of public corruption. She’s jailed some of New York’s most violent and notorious mobsters and gang members. And through it all, she’s worked closely with law enforcement and local communities to get the job done.In short, her qualifications are superb. That’s why, in the past, the Senate easily confirmed Loretta to lead one of the most prominent U.S. Attorney offices in the country — not once, but twice. Still — it has been more than four months since I nominated Loretta Lynch to serve as Attorney General.And this time, Republican leaders in Congress won’t even let her nomination come up for a vote. In fact, by Monday, Loretta will have been languishing on the Senate floor for longer than the seven previous Attorneys General combined. Let me say that again — she will have been waiting for a simple yes-or-no vote on the Senate floor for longer than the seven previous Attorneys General combined.No one can claim she’s unqualified. No one’s saying she can’t do the job. Senators from both parties say they support her. This is purely about politics. First, Republicans held up her nomination because they were upset about the actions I took to make our broken immigration system smarter and fairer. Now they’re denying her a vote until they can figure out how to pass a bill on a completely unrelated issue. But they could bring her up for a yes-or-no vote at any time.Republicans promised that Congress would function smoothly with them in charge. Here’s a small chance for them to prove it. Congress should stop playing politics with law enforcement and national security. They should support good people in both parties who want to reform our criminal justice system. And that means they should end the longest confirmation process for an Attorney General in three decades, and give Loretta Lynch a vote. Thank you. And have a great weekend. ####Hello. I’m Senator Mike Enzi of Wyoming. I am also an accountant and chair of the Senate Budget Committee. This week we started the monumental task of confronting America’s chronic overspending; tackling our nation’s surging debt; and balancing our nation’s budget.Before coming to Congress, I ran a small business in Wyoming for many years, I served as a mayor of my hometown, then as a state legislator. And in those roles, one of the most important jobs I had was to ensure my budgets were balanced every year. It is time to begin this responsible accounting in Washington, because while you can lie about the numbers, the numbers never lie. (Scroll down for video of these remarks.)The worst kept secret in America is: This Administration is spending more than ever and taxing more than ever. The federal government should spend your tax dollars wisely and responsibly, and give you the freedom and control to pursue your future, the way you choose.Hardworking taxpayers deserve a government that is more efficient, more effective and more accountable. This should be something both parties agree on — because no one wants an inefficient, ineffective and unaccountable government.Runaway spending habits over the past six years have created a dangerously growing debt, because the habit of spending now and paying later is deeply ingrained.Federal revenues have hit record highs. Yet, we’re on track to overspend by nearly $1 trillion a year — to put that into perspective — that is $1000 billion dollars. And the more Washington overspends, the more debt we owe, and the more is added to the debt for future generations.Today America’s debt totals more than $18 trillion. In fact, every man, woman, and child now owes more than $56,000 on that debt, and that number is expected to grow to more than $75,000 over the next decade, unless we make important changes.Every dollar spent on interest and our debt is another dollar we won’t be able to use for government services for individuals in need, or another dollar that won’t be available for taxpayers for their own needs.It is time to stop talking and start acting. Washington must live within its means — just like every hardworking families do every day — and deliver a more effective and accountable government to the American people that supports them when it must and gets out of the way when it should.We didn’t get here overnight — and we won’t fix it overnight. But we can begin to solve this crisis if we act now.You know how sometimes you lose your cellphone, so you ask a family member to call it? And finally you detect the ringing under the bed where the phone fell? Happy ending.Well, this story is not like that. It seems the Obama administration has misplaced some military equipment, a large amount of military equipment. A very large amount, actually. It doesn't know where about $500 million in weapons and equipment is, in fact.That's $500,000,000 -- a half-a-billion dollars. Almost as much taxpayer money as it blew on that solar energy company Solyndra, owned by an Obama bundler. Except the Solyndra money went down a political rat-hole.This $500 million loss is actual weapons that the U.S. gave to Yemen as part of our joint anti-terrorism program -- and can now be used against American and other friendly forces. You probably didn't hear much about this weapons disaster because only the Washington Post uncovered the story while most attention focused on more unnecessary Hillary Clinton controversies.Yemen, you may recall, is the country that Barack Obama hailed as such a big success as recently as last fall. Announcing his suddenly-found strategy to fight ISIS in September, Obama said:“This counter-terrorism campaign will be waged through a steady, relentless effort to take out ISIL wherever they exist, using our air power and our support for partner forces on the ground.This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us, while supporting partners on the front lines, is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years."Unfortunately, all that success came to a smoking halt this winter when Yemen's cooperative government collapsed and Iran-backed rebels took over. Administration officials claimed surprise at the speed of the collapse. There seem to be a lot of surprises with this administrations -- death of the Arab Spring, Benghazi, the explosion of ISIS.So surprised was the State Department this time that much of the embassy in Sana'a was just abandoned -- equipment, computers, vehicles, Marine weapons -- during the hasty evacuation.Global reaction to the come-from-behind, convincing reelection of Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was quick, thanks to Twitter, and almost universally delighted Wednesday. Save for one disturbing and unexplained mystery.Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron chimed in even before all votes were counted. (See image above.)Canada's steadfast Prime Minister Stephen Harper: "I congratulate PM Netanyahu on his election results. We look fwd to working w/ the gov't once formed. Israel has no greater friend than Cda."First to launch effusive congratulations in the United States was Jeb Bush: "Congratulations to Prime Minister @netanyahu on his re-election. He’s a true leader who will continue to keep Israel strong and secure."Gov. Mitt Romney: “Congratulations once again to my friend, PM @netanyahu May our nations' friendship also long endure.”Gov. Scott Walker, who knows a little something about hard-fought election victories: "Congratulations to @Netanyahu on a hard-earned victory. Now the U.S. and Israel must stand together and stand up to Iran."Gov. Sarah Palin: "Congratulations, Prime Minister Netanyahu. Thank you to the good people of Israel for supporting a leader who will stand up and fight for all the free world while other leaders sit down. The Heartland of America will sleep better knowing Bibi remains the voice of reason and strength in the beautiful nation of Israel; for when Israel is safe, we are safe."House Speaker John Boehner: "Let me congratulate my friend as the new prime minister of Israel. Looking forward to our continued strong relationship between Israel and the United States to the benefit of our countries."Gov. Mike Huckabee: "Netanyahu risked his political life for the life of his country."Sen. Rand Paul: "Congrats to Prime Minister @netanyahu on his historic re-election to a 4th term as Israel's leader. Israel is a strong ally & friend!"Gov. Bobby Jindal: "Everyone knows that the Obama Administration was rooting for the Prime Minister to lose, but it’s time for the President to change course."Sen. Ted Cruz: "Prime Minister Netanyahu has been an extraordinary leader for Israel, and I congratulate him.... His electoral success is all the more impressive given the powerful forces that tried to............Continue Reading »I am not a current subscriber and want to register for free membership on Investors.com.About the ColumnistA veteran foreign and national correspondent, Andrew Malcolm joined Investor's Business Daily October 2011. He formerly served on the L.A. Times Editorial Board and was a Pulitzer finalist in 2004. He is the author of 10 nonfiction books and father of four.Select market data is provided by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services. Price and Volume data is delayed 20 minutes unless otherwise noted, is believed accurate but is not warranted or guaranteed by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services and is subject to Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services terms. All times are Eastern United States. *Reflects real-time index prices.