Bidding has ended on this item.This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabNicer, pre-owned, vintage pin & NWOT earrings, both in very good condition. Vintage heart pin is accented with 2 faux ruby hearts. It's approx.1 1/4 inches wide & long, signed J.J. near bottom point, on the right, as seen in photo & clasp works well. Unsigned All American Heart post style earrings are new without tags & hearts are approx. 5/8 inches wide & overall length is approx. 1 1/4 inches. Either one and/or both of these nice pieces would make a lovely Valentine's gift!Any item I've listed that has Valentine's in the title or description comes in a gift box; any shown in a jewelry box will come in that, rather than a gift box.Like many other sellers, I don't clean vintage and/or antique items. If you feel something needs cleaning, please remember to do so gently/lightly so natural (desired) patina, decorations, and/or embellishments isn't accidentally damaged.Payment: Due at time of purchase. PayPal is the only accepted method of payment accepted at this time.Shipping: All orders are shipped within 24 - 48 hours of payment verification.No shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, foreign countries, or overseas at this time.Feedback: When you receive your order please take a moment to leave feedback, as this lets me know you're happy with your transaction. Then I will gladly do the same!Returns: Not accepted at this time; however, if there's a problem with your order, please email me before leaving feedback so I can resolve it - thanks!Place bidBy clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.