San Diego 450 Supercross Results 2015Email addresses will only be used to send this message. They will not be used for promotional purposes. See our Privacy Policy.Team Honda’s Trey Canard notched his second win of the year in San Diego. RCH Racing’s Ken Roczen crossed the line in second followed by Red Bull KTM’s Ryan Dungey in third.Riders battled for the upper hand off the start, and some pushed too deep into the opening turn, forcing a number off track but opening the door for Roczen to assume the early lead. Canard pushed his way into second-place, followed by Monster Energy Kawasaki’s Davi Millsaps, BTO Sports’ Andrew Short and Dungey. GEICO Honda’s Eli Tomac and TwoTwo Motorsports’ Chad Reed were inside the top-10 as well during the initial stages and the two battled one another for position, but while trying to pass Reed, Tomac got hung up on the Kawasaki and fell to the ground. He remounted but slipped back to around 15th.Up front, Roczen was pushing to stretch a gap but Canard was smooth and aggressive and had the Suzuki within reach by Lap 3. The following lap, Canard made his move on Roczen, but the Suzuki ace fought back immediately and the two were bar-to-bar for a moment before Canard regained the front and opened some space between the two. Roczen never let Canard escape too far and in the final laps was well within reach of challenging for the lead, but the Honda rider remained steady and consistent and never opened the door.Early in the race, Millsaps suffered an off which dropped him from third down to outside the top-10. This allowed Dungey to slip up into podium position. Though the KTM was within sight of the front runners at times, he never factored in the lead battle, instead cruising home for his fifth podium in six rounds.Reed was consistent as well, gaining fourth during the early laps and holding there to the checkers. Tomac staged a remarkable comeback after his early off to finish in fifth. Canard’s teammate, Cole Seely, was similarly impressive, a bad start putting the Honda rider near the back of the pack during the opening laps. He ended the night in sixth.Yoshimura Suzuki’s Blake Baggett continues to show growth in the 450 class and finished in seventh after barely making the Main Event, taking the final qualifying position in the LCQ. Short drifted back to eighth by the finish, followed by Roczen’s teammate, Broc Tickle, in ninth and Rockstar Husqvarna’s Jason Anderson in 10th.Dungey retains the red plate for another week, leaving San Diego nine points ahead of Roczen in second. Canard is third, 18 points adrift of the leader, followed by Tomac in fourth and Anderson in fifth.While still wet behind the ears Ryan Dungey, has managed to accomplish what many riders spend years chasing. Get to know Dungey in his full bio at Motorcycle-USA.com with career highlights, racer biography, pictures, and the latest news.