After succeeding in securing poll postponement, PDP has begun its next move to ensure that the presidential candidate of APC, General Muhammadu Buhari, does not emerge as the winner of the election.After the postponement announcement, PDP was quick to applaud the decision while APC fumed. Millions of Nigerians sneered, even as people around the world took the news of postponement as a shock too difficult to believe. But close watchers of Nigeria’s political trend believe the success of this first move is critical to the next move to ensure Buhari is not allowed to contest the election.Sources confirmed that it was not the security issue that was the problem in driving the election postponement agenda, it was Buhari that PDP leaders do not want. They also feared Jega is too independent and difficult to rally into the PDP scheme that will ensure that Jonathan succeeds in the plot and so he must also go.As PDP celebrates the postponement success, the President’s kitchen cabinet is pulling another string again to ensure that if he cannot have his way to take another shot at the presidency, Buhari’s hope must also be dashed and Nigerians’ desire for change is aborted. As reported by The Monitors few days ago, dependable sources in the know of the plot have again confirmed that the Presidency has procured a pliable judge with a bill of N2billion to give a disqualification verdict that will bar Buhari from the presidential election holding on March 28. Events in the court tomorrow, Monday February 9, will shape the events to come as already concluded by the President’s men.It was learnt that National Security Adviser, Col Sambo Dasuki, Chief Edwin Clark, all service chiefs, some Yoruba leaders opposed to Tinubu’s clout, Ayo Fayose, and several others are insisting that Jonathan should deploy “everything at your disposal to stamp your authority to have your way”.Fayose reportedly insisted that the President should deploy soldiers in Ekiti State, saying that he had information that APC is planning Ekiti as its base to launch resistance against the plan for the president to have his way. Sources hinted that Fayose’s suggestion was supported by Omisore, Obanikoro, Minister of Police Affairs, Jelili Adesiyan and Buruji Kashamu.Sources hinted though that a caucus within PDP is urging caution against rushing into the court matter on Monday, but they explained that this is a tactical plan to cool the anger among Nigerians who are not happy about the postponement. “This may boomerang,” they reportedly cautioned.Sources confirmed that the safety net for the judge who will disqualify Buhari is immediate relocation to Dubai where a palatial home is already prepared for him and members of his family. The plan is to relocate the judge finally from Nigeria, For the judge’s safety, he is to leave the court straight for the airport for a waiting airplane to fly him out to safety.As part of the bargain, his proxy in Nigeria is to execute the multi-billion naira contracts facilitated by the presidency to enable the judge have a blissful sojourn in Dubai.Starting from Monday, relentless allegations of illegal conducts will be launched against Jega. They will include embezzlement, INEC contract scams, secret deals with APC and sundry alleged crimes that will paint Jega black that will natural elicitate clamours for his sack to save the credibility of the election.More media smear campaigns will be launched against Buhari and Jega with AIT and NTA playing leading roles. More Yoruba leaders will be drafted to lend anti-Buhari/Jega voice in the media. OPC members loyal to Faseun group will be heavily mobilized. Gani Adams is reportedly being cautious about his involvement, but reports suggest he is under tremendous pressure from Governor Segun Mimiko to join in pro-Jonathan scheme.This came as details of Ekiti poll fixing scandal involving the President, Ayo Fayose, Musiliu Obanikoro, Chris Uba, Iyiola Omisore, General Momah and others emerged at the weekend.It is believed that in days ahead, this scandal will dominate political space with more pressure on Fayose with Jonathan having difficulty to defend himself over his alleged involvement in Ekiti scandal.According to sources, international media may take Ekiti matter beyond what the President may have ever contemplated. In fact, sources said Jonathan would meet the most embarrassing moment of his life as events unfold on Ekiti issue.Facts had earlier revealed in a secretly recorded meeting of Jonathan’s men held at Fayose’s Spotless Hotel which confirmed that President Jonathan was the chief author of the scandal. That much Obanikoro explained in his speech while telling the army officer to get serious in his assignment.Obanikoro had said in the tape: “I am not here for a tea party. I am here to carry out the assignment by Mr President.”Details of how Fayose and his gang got INEC computers and soft copy of election materials were revealed by Fayose and Chris Uba during discussion and this was secretly recorded in the meeting.The Army officer, Captain Sage Koli, who secretly recorded the meeting, has since resigned his commission from the Nigerian Army and fled to exile. In the tape, Fayose was heard fuming, giving details of his plan that involved the President, Chief of Army Staff, Brigadier General Momah of the 32 Artillery Brigade based in Akure. Fayose was also heard talking about how he collected soft copies of sensitive materials from INEC, including its computers. Details of the scandal are on the nets being read around the world.Now that Jonathan will find it difficult to connive with bad elements in INEC to have access to its computers and soft copies of the election materials for illegal printing of ballot papers to fix March 23 and April 11 polls, the option left is to get rid of Buhari and blackmail Jega to force his resignation. The plan is already concluded, but whistle-blowers are at work to save Nigerians from the callous anti-democratic behaviour of the President who is fast building a reputation for himself as the most dangerous President Nigeria has ever produced.President Jonathan has drawn a line between his ambition and Nigerians’ desire to elect the President of their choice. How the president hopes to win the battle is left to conjecture. But it is not in doubt that corrupt judges, in spite of their oath of office, have constituted themselves as a big challenge to the growth of democracy in Nigeria. But sources said Jonathan and the judge and their collaborators will be shocked out of their wits by the time the whistle-blowers monitoring their plans release the more details of their perfidy to the world leaders who abhor corruption and election manipulations.The Monitors is on their trail too. Details of their next move will be released as they come.