Nadiya Savchenko, the Ukrainian POW illegally imprisoned in Russia, has been on a hunger strike from 13 December 2014, protesting against unfair charges and Putin-style justice. Her unbreakable spirit, as evidenced in the letters she wrote from prison, has made her a symbol of Ukraine’s resistance to the Russian invasion. Alex King, aka @GlasnostGone on twitter, has made a video with some of her most inspiring phrases. “Before she dies, read her words,” he asks. We provide some of them here, in English and Ukrainian.1- Life is given to a person by God, and God can take it when it is his will.27 – If she was to die because of her hunger strike: “If God has need for something else, then so be it … the loss of one fighter is a very great loss, but it is in no way a lost war! Ukraine will win!”May God bless her and protect her from all evil. I don’t think Putin is man enough to go through what she is going through. He is only an X KGB. Officer and he lies big time.Dirk SmithNadiya and the Donetsk cyborgs define the Ukrainian people.Joe HillI mourn Ms. Savchenko and admire her courage. I just wish that her beautiful words weren’t marred by that OUN slogan. Maidan, if you want to unify Ukraine you need to ditch the OUN past. It never benefited Ukraine. If you can’t beat the rat, you’ll never beat the bear.Czech FriendI urge all who are involved in Nadiya’s case to persuade her not to die for Putin but LIVE for Ukraine!People of Ukraine and the free world need you alive Nadiya, you still have to give a lot to your country, please don’t play into Russian’s plan.Heroes like you save their people and don’t abandon them in the time of need!MazepaPutin will be killed for Nadya’s imprisonment. He will experience pain like no other before him. Guaranteed.http://www.olgapasechnikova.com/ Olga PasechnikovaUkraine needs your bravery and high spirit, Nadia- you can’t leave your country at the times it needs you and like you most! You must save your life for a real good – don’t let putinists to swallow the best spirits of Ukraine!!