Will Mehcad Brooks’ Jimmy Olsen Be A Love Interest For TV’s Supergirl? (Or Will She Date A Horse?)Good news this week for fans of ComicsAlliance’s officially ranked Third Greatest Comic Book Character Of All Time: Mehcad Brooks has been cast in the role of Superman’s Pal Jimmy Olsen in CBS’s upcoming Supergirlshow, meaning that the long national nightmare of Olsen-free television that we have suffered since 2009, when Jimmy was killed off on the 8th season finale of Smallville, is finally over.According to The Hollywood Reporter, Brooks’s Olsen will be joining the ranks of other established comic book characters like the Toyman and — no kidding — Cyborg Superman in the cast, and will be featured on the increasingly bizarre-sounding show as a photographer at CatCo, a media company in National City founded by Cat Grant, where Supergirl works in her civilian identity, when she’s not involved in what has been described as a crime procedural. Also included in the announcement, though, was the idea that Kara will have a crush on him, hinting at a relationship between the two characters.This is of particular interest to long-time Jimmy Olsen fans — and here I’m just basically talking about me specifically — because their other romantic options have historically been straight up hot garbage. Supergirl’s Silver Age love interests are a pretty amazing list of terrible dating options, including Brainiac 5, who represents a long-distance relationship where the distance is one thousand years and another planet, and Dick Malverne, who was basically the worst parts of Silver Age Lois Lane grafted onto a teenage boy:Even worse was rodeo rider “Bronco” Bill Starr, who was in reality Comet the Super-Horse, who was actually a centaur turned to a horse by magic who would secretly turn into a human and date Supergirl whenever a comet passed close enough to Earth. This is, I think we can all agree, one of the strangest relationships in the whole of fiction, although to be honest, if CBS announced that they were going to build to a reveal that Supergirl was secretly dating a magical horse for the entire first season, I would watch every episode.For his part, Jimmy’s most prominent relationship in comics has been with Lucy Lane, who is literally History’s Greatest Monster.I hate her so much.The Supergirl/Olsen relationship, on the other hand, has been featured in a few comics over the years, and it’s a much better option for all concerned. Rest assured, however, that ComicsAlliance will keep you updated if they end up casting “Bronco” Bill Starr. Sure, it seems unlikely, but in case you forgot, they are literally putting Cyborg Superman on this show. At this point, anything can happen.The Supergirl TV show stars Melissa Benoist as Supergirl/Kara Zor-el, and has already received a series order. The show is expected to debut on CBS in the fall.Welcome back to Comics AllianceIt appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your points and personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites.Welcome back to Comics AllianceIt appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://comicsalliance.com using your original account information.