Goal: $10,000- $3,000 for Equipment.- $7,000 for College Fund.- I'll match $10,000 and donate to The American Cancer Society.- Anything raised over 10K will be divided to charity and college fund.- 100% of Revenue from this Video will be given to Charity.The Story:On January 25th, 2015, I found myself in Charlotte, NC performing Stand Up Comedy. During my meet and greet a young girl came up to me and straight away told me she wasn't there for herself, but rather for her brother. Her brother was a huge fan of my videos but wasn't able to make it due to him undergoing chemo treatment at home for Ewing's Sarcoma Cancer.What is Ewing's Sarcoma Cancer?Ewing's sarcoma is a primary bone cancer that affects mainly children and adolescents. It's one of a group of cancers known collectively as the Ewing sarcoma family of tumors -- ESFT or sometimes just EFT. It's the second most common bone cancer in children, but it's also relatively uncommon. It accounts for only 1% of all childhood cancers. Although it can occur at any age, it very rarely occurs in adults over the age of 30.I asked her if it was ok to have her phone number so I could get her address and pay her brother a surprise visit. After discussing it with her family, she said it was fine. I went to his home, (without him knowing I was coming) and had a truly uplifting experience. I didn't know who Mahmoud was or who I was going to meet. But I left knowing I just met one of the strongest young men I had ever meet. He had such a charisma to him and a beautiful soul that shined through his smile. Being around him brought such joy that I have been missing in a long time. We played FIFA, drank some tea and had a good conversation. During our conversation, he mentioned to me he wanted to become a YouTuber. I asked him why he didn't go for it, and he said he didn't have the equipment needed.The solution:I have been blessed with an audience of 5 million subscribers. With that great power comes even greater responsibility and opportunity. And the opportunity is knocking. I am starting this campaign to raise $10,000 for Mahmoud. $3,000 will be donated for his equipment. (Laptop, Camera, Accessories.) The remaining $7,000 will go towards his college fund due to the fact that he missed his Senior year of HS and had no opportunities to try to earn a scholarship. IF the $10,000 goal is met, I will out of pocket match it and donate $10,000 to The American Cancer Society ( http://www.cancer.org/ ) Anything made after $10,000 will be divided into his college fund and charity.I have also created Mahmoud a YouTube channel to not only give him equipment, but also to kick start his career as a YouTuber with a supportive and loving audience. He spends the majority of his days at home so having people from all around the world to talk to and support him through his battle would be majorly inspiring. You can subscribe to him here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBHE......Thank you. No matter how much you were able to give, thank you for taking the time out to make a change and make a difference. My heart goes out to all the soldiers battling cancer and all the families supporting their loved ones. Here's to a better tomorrow.----------------------------------------­-----------------------Thank you for watching! If you enjoyed, please Subscribe by clicking here http://bit.ly/1jJ9uw1 I try to do videos every week! :D