Interesting Facts About The Human BodyThe human body is more amazing than you realize. There are so many different components and functions that make it work, and it’s capable of doing so many things. The following are some of the most interesting facts about the human body.The brain is powerful.You already know that your brain is an important part of your body and that it controls your bodily functions, but did you know that the brain actually is powerful? Your brain actually generates enough energy to light up a 10-watt light bulb, even while you’re asleep.Your brain is watery.Although your brain may be a powerful organ, its power is only centered around 20% of your brain. That’s because more than 80% of your brain is made up of water, and this is what keeps it alive and healthy.Facial hair grows fast.Out of all the hair on your body, facial hair grows the fastest. This is why many men need to shave every day if they want the clean shaven look. In fact, many studies have found that if a man never shaved his beard throughout his entire life, it could grow up to 30 feet long.Human hair is strong and indestructible.Human hair is stronger than you would think, and aside from being flammable, it’s virtually indestructible. One human hair can typically hold about 3.5 ounces of weight, and the reason that hair clogs up your pipes is because there is not much that can be done to destroy it.Your stomach creates new liners.Your stomach is protecting by a lining, and your body produces a new lining every three to four days all on its own. If they weren’t replaced, the lining would dissolve quickly due to the strong acids that are found in your stomach. (PS, these acids in your stomach are strong enough to dissolve razor blades.)Your right lung is bigger.You may think that your lungs are the same size, but your right lung is actually bigger than your left lung because your left lung needs to make room for your heart.Your feet are sweaty.An average human foot is made up of more than 500,000 sweat glands, making them one of the sweatiest places on your body. Plus, your feet are capable of producing more than one pint of sweat every day. Makes you want to wash your gym shoes right now, doesn’t it?Everyone farts.You may think farting is disgusting, and you may even want to believe that you’re too classy to fart, but in reality, the average person will fart at least 14 times every day. If you didn’t fart, these gases would build up in your body and cause you a great deal of pain.Eating affects your hearing.When you eat to your heart’s content, you cannot hear as well. Maybe this is why everyone is always yelling at each other during Thanksgiving.Your ears and nose never stop growing.You may not notice a difference in the size of your nose or ears over time, but both of these body parts continue to grow from birth until death.