This is a private listing. Sign in to view your status or learn more about private listings.This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabDescriptioneBay item number:261765810110Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.Item specificsCondition:New: A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable). Packaging should be the same as what is found in a retail store, unless the item is handmade or was packaged by the manufacturer in non-retail packaging, such as an unprinted box or plastic bag. See the seller's listing for full details. See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab ... Read moreabout the condition4. Leather case cover can be transformed into a 360-degree rotatable stand for the convenience of viewing slide shows or videos at 3 different angles5. Made of high quality Polyurethane(PU) leather with soft micro fiber interior lining.6. Full accesses to all features and ports..PAYMENTIf you do not intend to pay, please do not bid. Pls give us payment together when you finish your bids.we will ship the items to you together.thank you very much!SPIPPING1.All our packages are sent from Singapore POST air mail with 2 business days after receiving the payment. 2.Shipment normally takes within 15-25 business days to arrive. Exact delivery days varies by different countries. Sometimes take a little longer , Due to Local dispatch or other reasons . It might goes more than 25 days , if you cannot get within 25 days since we ship out , please email us. 3.We send to registered Paypal address that shows in Paypal. If you need to change address which is not the same as Paypal, please specify when making payments4.We do not bear any customs duty or tax. 5.Items unpaid after 7 days will be subject to an unpaid item dispute. If there is a problem with your payment, please contact us first. 6. We Ship to worldwide Except the following countries and regions: Italy,Spain,Chile,Peru,Ecuador,Indonesia,Ukraine,Croatia,Russia,South Africa and some countries (Please pay the transportation insurance); contact us shipping cost 7.If you have any other questions you need help with, please email us at any time. Please include the ebay ITEM NUMBER with your emailReturn PolicyWe are glad to leave the positive feedback for you and hope you will do the same tous.If you are not satisfied with our item, Please contact us before leaving us negativefeedback and give us an opportunity to resolve the problem. our support team willresolve your problem as quickly as we can.Every customer is important to us.FeedbackWe are kind and honest ebayer. We hope each customers will enjoy their shopping from our ebay store . When your payment is received ,you will receive a positive feedback from us . If you are happy with the purchases here, the positive feedback & 5 star would be appreciated. And if you have any questions regarding the transaction,Please feel free to contact us before you leave any feedbacks. We appreciate the opportunity to have a fair transaction.Place bidBy clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.