I have written over 20,000 articles about startups, gadgets and large technology companies over the last eight years. My Forbes column focuses on the tech economy, startups and gadgets. When I am not writing for Forbes, I spend time hanging out with my wife around metro Detroit or working on mobile apps at my office in Ann Arbor, Michigan for a company I co-founded called Pulse2. I graduated from Michigan State University's Eli Broad College of Business in 2006. I love hearing from entrepreneurs and tech enthusiasts! Feel free to contact me anytime: achowdhry@gmail.comAre You A Chromecast User? Google Has Given You A $6 Google Play CreditTo celebrate Valentine’s Day, GoogleGoogle is offering a $6 credit to the Google Play store for Google Chromecast owners. The credit can go towards movies, music or apps. The Google Chromecast is a thumb-sized media streaming device that plugs into the HDMI port of your TV. The Chromecast streams content through your Android phone, Android tablet, iPhone, iPad or laptop.To redeem the offer, visit the Chromecast Offers website and connect to your Chromecast. Once you are connected, you will see a list of available offers. One of the offers should say “Enjoy a Valentine’s Day movie rental with a $6 Google Play credit.” You will need to make sure that you are on the same WiFi network as the Chromecast, which also has to be turned on. You may be prompted to install the Chrome extension. Once the deal is complete, the extension menu will open and you will need to pick the device that you want to redeem the offer for. Select the Valentine’s Day offer at the top left. You will be redirected to the Google Play Store to confirm the credit and see the new balance.It is worth pointing out that you can redeem this offer for more than one Chromecast, so you can get $12 in credit if you have two of them. Unfortunately, some people are reporting that they cannot use the credit for anything over $6 even if they want to pay the remainder of the cost of a movie or music album with their credit card. U.K. residents seem to be getting the promotion for £5 worth of credit. Some of the other offers you may notice in Chromecast Offers includes a free copy of the first X-Men movie, EPIX Presents: Road to the NHL Winter Classic, 3 months of DramaFever Premium, and 90 days of free unlimited music.The Chromecast costs only $35 through retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Best BuyBest Buy and TargetTarget, but the promotional gift essentially makes it $29. Or you can buy a refurbished Chromecast from Groupon for $25 now. The Chromecast is the most popular steaming media device around the world. In 2014 alone, Google sold 10 million Chromecasts and it is now available in 27 countries.Do you plan to redeem this offer? Let us know if you have received the offer or if you are having trouble with it in the comments section below!Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.