If you and your wife agree that you will buy out your wife's interest in the marital residence (provided the property is community property) you can enter into what is called a Rule 69 Agreement. This rule if found in the Arizona Rules of Family Law Procedure. The agreement is either in writing or entered in open court on the record before your assigned Judge. Once accepted by the court the agreement is binding on the parties unless successfully challenged later by a party. Most agreement will never be undone once entered in court. Determining your spouse's interest in the home can either be done by an agreement or an appraisal that you both agree is binding. If the parties' agree on an amount, then you can either pay her from funds you have to do so or you will need to refinance the home and pay her from monies acquired in the refinancing. Usually at the closing wife is issued a check for her share and at the same time she would sign either a quit claim deed to you or a disclaimer deed. If your wife is on the title the deed she would sign is a Quit Claim Deed, if she is not on the title the deed she would sign is a disclaimer deed. Someone will need to prepare the deed for your wife to sign. Since the transaction is pursuant to your divorce and is between the spouses, the transfer/exchange is a non taxable event. Your wife will not have to pay taxes. If you do not have an attorney representing you, you should think carefully about doing so in your case. Since you have not provided many facts, it is unknown whether the marital residence is in fact community property (subject to division) or your sole and separate property. Only a thorough evaluation by an attorney with all the facts can adequately advise you in this matter. Most attorneys offer free initial consultations. Best of luck to you in this matter.DISCLAIMER: John R. Gaertner is a family/divorce attorney licensed in the State of Arizona . This answer is general information only. The information presented should not be construed as formal legal advice, nor as the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. I am an Arizona attorney, practicing in all courts throughout the state, and can only really speak to Arizona law. Please consult an attorney in your state for specific answers. If you found this answer helpful, please mark it as "helpful" or as the "best answer". Please refer to Avvo.com's terms and conditions.After the Decree of Dissolution is issued, which awards you the home, your wife would need to execute a Quit Claim Deed. Generally speaking transfers of property between spouses are not taxable events.Aaron T. Blase is a family law/divorce attorney licensed to practice law in Arizona. The information provided here is for general information only, and is not intended as legal advice for a specific matter. This response does not create any attorney-client relationship . For specific advice about your particular situation, please consult an attorney.I believe you should speak to your accountant about this, or advise your Wife to do the same. A family lawyer typically is not going to have specific knowledge of the Arizona and Federal tax codes. If you give her cash, I believe she would need to claim that as income, or the community would if you are filing jointly. If you give her other assets from the marriage instead of tax, she would most likely not need to pay taxes as you are just splitting the assets between each other. Good luck.he response given is not intended to create, nor does it create an ongoing duty to respond to questions. The response does not form an attorney-client relationship, nor is it intended to be anything other than the educated opinion of the author. It should not be relied upon as legal advice. The response given is based upon the limited facts provided by the person asking the question. To the extent additional or different facts exist, the response might possibly change. Attorney is licensed to practice law only in the State of Arizona. Responses are based solely on Arizona law unless stated otherwise.