Email overload is a big problem these days. Additionally, email is not just communication, it also largely dictates your to-do list. Plus, the constant notifications can be a distraction. We all need a way to tame email.“That ‘zero?’ It’s not how many messages are in your inbox—it’s how much of your own brain is in that inbox. Especially when you don’t want it to be.”It gives you a clean start to get on with your day.Action Item: Pick several low energy points later in the day to get the emails done. I advocate the sleepy half hour after lunch, and just before the end of the day. Drop into your actioned emails list, and zoom through them.Should email be something you check all the time or periodically?Andy: I think that, if you follow the Inbox Zero approach above, you can check every hour or so to stay aware of urgent things, but defer anything that takes time into more periodic blocks.Of course, if you work in sales or customer support you have no choice—email is your life!How do you categorize emails between tasks, important information, and other work?Andy: First, there’s only two big categories that matter: Is it a task, or is it reference material? Every other email simply gets deleted.Then tasks can be grouped by status. E.g. high priority, low priority, and “Waiting For”.The “Waiting For” list is the most powerful one, for everything that is blocked while you wait for someone else to do something. These emails are normally the ones that sink into the depths of our email client, and we completely forget to follow up.Action Item: In Gmail, keep a label; or in Outlook keep a flag; and when you send an email that you definitely need a response to, mark it. Then once a week, you can drop into your Waiting For list and chase up everyone who hasn’t replied.Should email be used as a to-do list?Andy: Yes!If tasks are already coming into your inbox, what’s the alternative? You’d have to copy & paste them from your email into another system.This is a huge source of time wasting and confusion, with tasks being duplicated in different systems. For this reason, David Allen advocates “hard edges” (an item should appear in only one list) to keep your brain uncluttered and stress free.Of course, the main drawback with regular email clients is that they aren’t good at handling those email tasks. Hence, ActiveInbox’s original idea was that emails are tasks. There’s no separation or duplication.Does our inbox as a task-list become just another system competing for attention?Andy: It sure is a system competing for our attention, but our inbox is already doing that. So it is not another one. The fact that your inbox is a task-list already, without you particularly wanting it to be, is precisely why you should make it your central task list.It’s always easier to swim with the current. You could try to maintain a task list elsewhere, but if the majority of your tasks are coming from email, do you want to keep fighting it, copy & pasting emails into your other task manager and shouting at colleagues who keep emailing you? Don’t fight it! Make email the core of your task list.Despite being seemingly polite, I think emails that just say “thanks!” or “ok!” are a total waste of time, and thus evil.However when it comes to collaborative tools, that’s a different matter. Email is an inherently solo experience. At least to coordinate a team’s schedule, you still need your project manager, CRM and IM tool.Action Item: I’m a fan of 3Sentences. Brevity saves everyone time—even you when you have to rescan the email in the future. Whereas waffling emails are lazy and rude.Ask Andy Your Email-Related Questions!Andy Mitchell will be reading the comments and will answer any questions you have about how to deal with your email. Now’s your chance to get that pesky problem solved!Get the best tips from MakeUseOf in your inbox, free!BuffetFebruary 7, 2015Obviously ol’ andy isn’t too savvy if he uses “G” mail, which seems to be what this article is all about.Andy MitchellFebruary 9, 2015HiWe’re helping improve things for people who use Gmail at work – that includes huge organisations like The US Army, Salesforce, Roche Pharma, Motorola etc… as well as many, many small and medium sized businesses – businesses like Twitter and Spotify who are attracted by the Google Apps for Business package and very happy with the platform.I do appreciate that Gmail may not be for everyone though. Thanks for the comment!Mihir PatkarFebruary 9, 2015Thanks for responding, Andy!BuffetFebruary 10, 2015Thank you sir. Your reply was both kind and professional. I simply would not dream of using “G” mail because I prefer not to be spied on!JulieFebruary 9, 2015What’s the difference between ActiveInbox and Gmail’s Inbox?Andy MitchellFebruary 10, 2015Hi Julie.Gmail’s Inbox is a simple solution which can be great for a personal email account where you have a few important emails a day. But it is very limited solution for anything else, especially if you want to use it at work and can’t risk missing a single task in email.Inbox is not really designed to work as a serious business capable task and project manager, whereas ActiveInbox is very flexible and is designed for use at work where you may receive and send many important emails each day that you need to keep track of.That’s why Inbox doesn’t allow business accounts yet. And even without ActiveInbox, there are also many fairly critical features you get in standard Gmail which are missed out of Google Inbox, for instance email signatures and even ‘select all’.