Fan ReviewsRead the series before judgingI've read the series 3 times and have been anticipating the movie, hoping Hollywood doesn't make this into just a steamy sex movie. I've also been disturbed by some of the reviews i've read about...READ THE BOOKS YOU JUDGEMENTAL IDIOTS!!!!By ibqueenbee36And stop reviewing a movie you haven't even seen and bombarding this page with 1 ratings, you just look like feminist fools! This is not a book about rape and abuse, IT IS A LOVE STORY and fighting...Nobody is likely to care about this review as they have already made up their minds.By charhugThe only reason I gave this movie one star is because I have to rate it in order to write about it. I have not read the book, but I've heard from those who have. I do not plan to see the movie. I...abuse is not romanceBy bugbugfartloverI just do not understand the flurry of hype to a junk story. Really can they not start making better movies to watch?...So looking forward to this!By beckysolorzano1212As a trilogy the complete love story is so much fun, and suprisingly I'm pleased with the casting and acting seen in the movie trailer. I actually love the characters more seeing them portrayed here...People need to get a life ...By tonja2707And STOP the madness... Its just a movie. It is NOT porn. It is NOT rape. If you are calling this rape, you are doing a grave disservice to rape survivors. The young woman in this movie CONSENTED...Fifty Shades of Grey was MOREBy cmaier23On Friday I had the opportunity to watch Fifty Shades of Grey, not once, but twice! After watching the first time my first thought was, WOW! In a good way. Now I realize the movie was,...Parents use EXTREME cautionBy laurafitI read all three books and saw the movie in a fan screening last Friday with the Today Show. I felt the movie matched the book exactly, however, should NOT have had an R rating. Should be NC17 (I...50 shades glorifies rape.By pocketofmadnessI was discussing the movie with a man going to see it. I mentioned it's differences from BDSM. When he says it is kink, I point out that it stops being kink and is abuse due to lack of consent and...50 shaes castingBy lfleen17give us Ian Somerhalder. he already has the great reputation of being versatile, gorgeous, and can certainly play a "dark" side. I don't know if the script will need it at all, but twinkle he can...PhotosGet Updates On All Things Movies:THANKS FOR SIGNING UP!Send Me FanTextTHANKS FOR SIGNING UP!By entering your mobile number and clicking "SIGN ME UP!", you consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and authorize Fandango and its service providers to deliver FanTexts and other promotional texts to your mobile phone using automated technology. Text marketing authorization is not required for any purchase from Fandango. Message and data rates may apply. We will not send more than 5 msgs/month. You can unsubscribe at any time by texting "STOP" or seek help by texting "HELP" to "FNDGO" (36346).