Welcome!Welcome to the Official Website of Stephanie K Ministries! Stephanie K is a passionate songrwiter, psalmist, CEO of The Margarette F. Fulton Music & Arts Foundation, preacher of the gospel and soon to launch UNChurch: The Revolution. Stay tuned for more information on the release of her debut album, “iBelieve,” as well as her appearance schedule, outreach events, and other exciting news: Experience the ministry of Stephanie K!Debut Album: "iBelieve" Coming October 2014!The much anticipated debut album entitled, “iBelieve,” is scheduled for released in August 2014! The first two singles from this project, “Majestic” and “He's Mine,” are available for download now on all digital media outlets including iTunes, CD Baby, Google Play, and Amazon. Don’t miss this high energy, cutting edge, and anointed compilation of music ministry!GALLERYAspyre Managementget in touchprivacy policyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Stephanie K Ministries collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.stephaniekministries.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Stephanie K Ministries.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use collected informationStephanie K Ministries may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:- To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.- To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.- To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.- To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.- To share your information with third parties We may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes.- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.- To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.Sharing your personal informationWe may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.AdvertisingAds appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Google AdsenseSome of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlChanges to this privacy policyStephanie K Ministries has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Welcome to the Stephanie K Ministries Website!About Stephanie K Gospel Recording Artist Stephanie K is one of the music world’s best-kept secrets! Her music career began at a young age, and over the years she blossomed into a choir member, soloist, and praise and worship leader. Today, Stephanie K is a passionate songwriter, psalmist, and preacher of the Gospel. Her unique gifts and style of worship envelop her listeners as they are ushered into the very presence of God. At every worship experience with Stephanie K, her engagement with the audience is incredible, and the anointing of God is evident, because her goal remains consistent and clear: “music is not entertainment, it is ministry.”VideosStephanie K:IteneraryJuly 17-22: Baltimore, MDBaltimore, Maryland welcomes Stephanie K with open arms! If you are in close proximity of the area & would like more information, don't hesitate to contact us vis this website or social media!July 25-28: Suffolk, VAIf your in the Suffolk, Virginia area or close, make sure you're available to experience Stephanie K! Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks!July 29-30: GMWA, Atlanta GAAtlanta, Georgia! Stephanie K is on the way! Want to know where? Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks!August 1-3: Raleigh, NCStephanie K will be in good old Raleigh, North Carolina for an event! Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks!August 11-15: CanadaStephanie K will be getting some Canadian exposure! Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks!August 19-21: Las Vegas, NVExperience Stephanie K in the city that never sleeps, Las Vegas Nevada! You don't want to miss it! Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks!August 25-29: School DriveStephanie K will be helping children prepare for back to school by hosting a school drive! Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks!September, CA, FL, Canada, GASeptember is a big month for Stephanie K as she will be in California, Florida, Canada & Georgia for multiple events! Want to know where? Need more information? Contact us via this website or social networks! Stay tuned!New Dates Coming Soon!Stephanie K will be attending several events, performances, award shows and more across the globe in 2014 and 2015! Be sure to visit our bio page if you would like to book Stephanie K to appear or perform at your next event!