DetailsA Daughter’s Heart 2015 will be a wonderful evening for fathers and daughters. There will be dining while live music plays in the background, a special program with speaker, a tribute to our armed forces, and of course – dancing! Here are the specifics:Theme: Legacy of Time...Treasured in the HeartWhen:Friday, February 27, 2015 at 6:30 pmSaturday, February 28, 2015 at 6:00 pmNear I-25 and CircleWhere:Hotel Eleganté2886 Circle Dr. Colorado Springs, COCost:$45.00 per person. (No refunds after Feb. 9th.)This includes:3 course plated dinner with live music in the background. Three meal choices are available: London Broil, Chicken Parmesan, or Vegetarian. All meals include sides.Program with speaker.A live band. The Rumour is a nationally acclaimed 8 piece dance band from Noble Productions.Other Important DetailsThe recommended age for daughters is 8 through adult. Semi-Formal/Formal attire is suggested. Look at the pictures on Facebook to get familiar with the evening attire.You can purchase wrist corsages (white Sweetheart roses) for the ladies ($16.00) & boutonnieres for the men ($6.50) on-line when filling in the registration form. They will be available for pickup at the event. Flowers are provided by Platte Floral.Apre Photographers will capture the special moment for an additional cost payable the night of the dinner dance. Apre will be present taking photographs most of the evening. Online payment is not available for photography services. Contact Apre Photographers at 719-594-9898.Tables seat 10 to 12 people. We do our best to accommodate your friend requests, but we cannot guarantee seating arrangements. It is recommended that you register simultaneously with your friends/family to help ensure your seating request.All seats are pre-assigned. There is a seating chart at the entry to the ballroom and a place card with your meal choice at your assigned table. Seats are not reserved until you have submitted a completed registration form with payment on-line. Please do not misinterpret a friends request to be seated together as a confirmed reservation.Jo Golden of Stampin’ Up! and the crew have specially designed a unique handcrafted invitation for the dad to present to his daughter. Get creative. Send your daughter the invitation by mail, present it on a date, place it on her bed with a red rose, give it after a day on the slopes…you get the idea.The live instrumental music during the dinner sets the tone for the evening, and then we dance the night away with a high-energy 8 piece dance band from Noble Productions out of Denver.Special touches in the ballroom have been added to create a fairy-tale effect. There will be enhanced lighting and fresh-cut flower arrangements designed by the experienced and talented Platte Floral staff. The formal table setting with tea lights helps make this evening a cherished moment to last forever in the daughters hearts.If you're driving or flying in for the event, or you just don't want to make the trip home after dancing all night, the Hotel Eleganté has a special rate of $69 for a room. Let them know you're with A Daughter's Heart to receive the special rate.We have money set aside to assist those in financial need from our generous corporate sponsors and individual donors. Contributions are limited to one complimentary ticket per family on a case-by-case basis.During the program, we feel privileged to be able to take a moment to honor our servicemen. A Daughter's Heart recognizes the grave sacrifice that servicemen make for our country and the time they miss with their daughters while out on assignment. Their service and dedication does not go unnoticed or unappreciated.Ticket costs are the same for large groups, military personnel and younger children.Seating is limited, and this event does sell out! Registration closes Feb 22, or when seats are no longer available.