Saturday, 7 February 2015[COVERAGE] Taeyang RISE World Tour in MalaysiaTaeyang, of South Korean boy band Big Bang, held his first ever solo concert in Malaysia as part of his first solo world tour “Rise” at Stadium Negara on 7th February 2015.The 6,000-strong crowd went crazy when the band started playing the Intro track from Taeyang’s Rise album. Taeyang appeared clad in a black tank top, shiny gold pants and his trademark gold chain, and opened the show with a dance track, “Body (아름다워)”, followed by “Superstar”, heating up the stadium with his energetic choreography complete with impressive pyrotechnics and staging effects. Much to the fans’ delight, Taeyang utilized the extended stage walkway, giving them a closer look at their idol. The organizer, IME Productions, had reportedly spent 1.5 million on the production of the concert.The charming artiste greeted his Malaysian fans with “Apa khabar Malaysia?” and spoke to the audience before launching into another up-tempo track, “Move”, from his 2010 album Solar. Then, Taeyang toned down the atmosphere by performing the ballad “You’re My” on the keyboard, showcasing his falsetto range effortlessly and possibly melting a few thousand hearts in the process. One lucky fan was invited on stage and serenaded by Taeyang singing “I Need a Girl”.After a brief costume change, Taeyang came back on stage in an all-black ensemble, singing his heart out to the hugely popular emotional ballad “Eyes, Nose, Lips (눈, 코, 입)” and engaging the crowd by getting them to sing along to the song. He then performed his older songs “Only Look at Me (나만 바라봐)” and “Wedding Dress”. The crowd goes wild as he poured his heart and soul into his performance, singing while kneeling on the walkway.Taeyang commented that it took a long journey of four years for him to release the album Rise and meet his fans. “Every day for four years, I thought about, and waited for this moment right now. While I was recording, walking down the streets, eating rice, taking my shower, and doing my business. Doing my business in the bathroom, like peeing. Even when I was sleeping, I dream every day about this moment. So finally, my album came out last year and now, I’m here with you.”Taeyang impressed the audience with another beautiful ballad “This Ain’t It (이게 아닌데)” from his new album before going for another costume change. He reappeared, this time all in white from head to toe, to perform the dance tracks “Ringa Linga (링가링가)”, “Breakdown” and “1AM (새벽 한시)” with a crew of backup dancers. He also performed two songs which are collaborations with his bandmate, G-Dragon: “Stay With Me” and “Good Boy”, unfortunately without G-Dragon. “Today, there is only one Good Boy right here. Is it okay without GD? Is it really okay?” he asked as the crowd cheered enthusiastically.After asking his fans if they were having a good time, Taeyang interacted with the crowd by singing out Malay phrases such as “Apa khabar?” “Saya cinta kamu” “Terima kasih” “Saya rindu kamu” and “Jumpa lagi”. As a special surprise for his fans, Taeyang had a lucky draw for two “special gifts” – the white sneakers and white cap that he was wearing! After picking the two lucky winners, Taeyang sang the last two songs from Rise, “Let Go (버리고)” and “Love You to Death”.After Taeyang exited the stage and the lights went off, the crowd started chanting “Dong Young Bae” (Taeyang’s real name) repeatedly. Taeyang teased the audience by appearing onscreen, asking “Can I get an encore? Do you want more?” He then emerged on stage in yet another all-black outfit to perform two Big Bang songs, “Bad Boy” and “Fantastic Baby” to a frenzied crowd. Tae Yang showed off some more slick dance moves before introducing his band members and dance crew, with the receptive crowd cheering them on.As the show neared its two-hour mark, Taeyang asked the crowd “You guys want more? What do you guys want to hear?” He wrapped up the show with a repeat performance of “Body (아름다워)” and “Eyes, Nose, Lips (눈, 코, 입)”, while thanking and proclaiming his love for his “amazing” Malaysian fans. The concert ended on a high note as Taeyang’s fans left with happy smiles on their faces.