Add Content Requirement Checklists to the WordPress Post EditorIf you have additional writers who are contributing to your website, or you are managing a multi-author blog, then the plugin we are looking at today has the ability to help you make sure your team are submitting posts with the all the necessary elements.By using the newly released Post Type Requirements Checklist plugin you can define which elements each post must include, such as title, categories, tags, excerpt and more. You are free to choose which elements are included in the checklist, and then a post will not be able to be published until each item is present and has been checked off the list by the plugin.If you or your co-writers often forget to add a featured image or more than one tag to your posts, then this plugin can ensure that you never do so again. To find out how this plugin can help improve your website, read on for our Post Type Requirements Checklist review.How to Use the Post Type Requirements Checklist PluginAs the Post Type Requirements Checklist plugin is free to use, it can be installed on your site directly from the WordPress plugin directoryTo do so, log into your site’s admin area (http://yoursite.com/wp-login.php) and then navigate to Plugins > Add New using the sidebar menu.From the Add Plugins screen, enter ‘Post Type Requirements Checklist’ in the search field and then install the first item listed in the results.Once the plugin has been installed and activated the settings can be accessed from the newly added sidebar menu item.Creating the Post ChecklistFrom the Post Type Requirements Checklist item on the Settings menu, you can enable the different elements that you would like to add to the checklist.As you can see, all of the core features of the WordPress post editor are available for selection. Once you’ve chosen which items to include, the post editor screen will be updated to feature the checklist.As you or your writers create a post, the various elements on the list will be automatically checked off as they are completed.It’s not until the entire list has been checked off that the publish button appears, only allowing you to publish a post once all the requirements have been met.ConclusionPost Type Requirements Checklist is a simple but effective plugin that makes it easy for you to create a reminder for yourself and your co-authors to ensure a post has all the accompanying content before it’s published.It would be nice if you could add your own items to the checklist, or the plugin could detect the presence of popular third party plugins, such as WordPress SEO, and then add those elements to the checklist.The same developer has also created the Add Post Type Instructions plugin which allows you to publish instructions on the post editor screen to provide more information for your writers. Using these two plugins together could be a great way to really ensure that you get the content you want, added to your site in the way that you want it.If you want to ensure that each page or post on your WordPress website is published with a specific set of elements, the Post Type Requirements Checklist is an easy to use option that works really well.Joe FylanJoe is a freelance tech writer that has a deep knowledge of all things WordPress. If you want more great content about WordPress and blogging in general, or you would like to hire him as a freelance writer for your blog, check out his website.CommentsI’m toying with creating some add-on plugins that work with the Post Type Requirements Checklist to extend its functionality. There’s an overwhelming number of 3rd party plugins out there that have become popular in different circles. I would think adding functionality for each would slow down PTRC and serve to make the settings pages confusing. If I can make individual add-ons for each one, it might solve that problem.Post navigationFresh content just for you.Today, I want to show you how to add new writers to WordPress. As your website grows, you’ll quickly realize you don’t have the time to do everything you used to do. One of the most important lessons you’ll learn in business is how to delegate. It can be hard…Today, Pagely was lucky enough to interview 10up's WordPress big hitter, Chris Wiegman. Chris is probably best known as a WordPress security pioneer, as the developer of the fantastic iThemes Security plugin. He is also a valued member of the WordPress community as a whole, with heavy involvement in a…Announcing the Ultimate in Big Data Storage: Pagely® and U-Haul™ join forces to deliver new cloud data storage service. Big data storage is no joke. A lot goes into choosing the right company that can scale while providing a durable and secure environment. Here at Pagely, our team unanimously agreed that…There are lots of great WordPress plugins out there which add useful widgets to your website, or give you more control over how the sidebars and other widget-friendly areas of your website function. Some examples we’ve covered on this blog so far include the Custom Sidebars plugin and the TinyMCE…