Course DescriptionUnity 5 Ready: The first part of the course is taught in Unity 4.6 as this is established and stable. We will be adding Unity 5 content once the major bugs are ironed-out of this new version.This is the online game development school that was a runaway success on Kickstarter.Learn how to create video games using Unity 3D, the free-to-use game development tool. We start super simple so you'll be ok with little or no experience. With our online tutorials, you'll be amazed what you can achieve.Benefit from our world-class support from both other students, and Ben & Brice who are on the forums daily. Go on to build several games including a full 3D version of Pong with an online multiplayer scoreboard, and more.You will have access to a course forum where you can discuss topics on a course-wide basis, or down to the individual video. Our thriving discussion forum will help you learn and share ideas with other students. Check out our reviews to see how people love this feature.The course is project-based, so you will not just be learning dry programming concepts, but applying them immediately to real indie games as you go. All the project files will be included, as well as additional references and resources - you'll never get stuck. There are talking-head videos, powerful diagrams, quality screencasts and more.Oh, and it's just bigger and better than the competition. See the length and the reviews.For each demo game you build you will follow this process...Be challenged to build the entire game yourself.Be shown step-by step how to build it.Be challenged to apply, and re-apply your knowledge regularly.You will get full lifetime access for a single one-off fee. The creators are qualified and experienced coders and avid gamers, so are able to explain complex concepts clearly, as well as entertain along the way. Most courses teach scripting using only C#. We will be teaching in C#, and translating to UnityScript and Boo (where possible).By the end of the course you'll be very confident in the basics of coding and game development, and hungry to learn more.What this course DOESN'T cover...Whereas this course is already huge, we can't possibly cover everything in that time. Here are some things we will not be covering...Unity Pro features.Performance optimisation.Editor plugins or modifications.Procedural generation*Physics engine modification** Separate mini-courses to cover these topics are now available.Anyone who wants to learn to create games: Unity 3D is a fantastic platform which enables you to make production-quality games. Furthermore these games can be created for Windows, MacOS, iOS (even iOS 8), Android and Web from a single source!If you're a complete beginner, we'll teach you all the coding and game design principles you'll need. If you're an artist, we'll teach you to bring your assets to life. If you're a coder, we'll teach you game design principles.In this video we'll clean up our game a little bit and make sure the game restarts properly every time. After watching this video, you will have learnt enough to build your own min console game in code :-)In this video we will review the Number Wizard Console Game and what we learnt while building it. We'll also talk about how we could improve it and a few possible extensions. We'll then take a peek at what's ahead in the next section.In this section, we will go through building a basic User Interface consisting of simple menus. We'll be reusing the code from our previous section to recreate a visual Number Wizard game. After this section, you'll be able to add and modify scripts on objects in your game and create simple menus that respond to mouse input.In this video, we discuss basic Object Oriented Programming principles and introduce you to the terminology. By the end, you will be able to define the following terms in the context of Object Oriented Programming:In this video, we talk a little more about the structure of the course and how you should approach the challenges. We also show you how you can send us feedback on the course and how to get in touch with us.Instructor BiographyHi, I'm Ben. I have a degree in computing from Imperial College London, and a physics diploma from the Open University.I started working for myself at the age of 15, and never looked back. I explored careers as varied as being a commercial pilot, stunt-man, rock climbing instructor, and more. None of these provided a continued challenge, and stable income in the same way technology does.After building and selling a home computer support business, I became an angel investor and business mentor here in Cambridge UK. I now spend most of my time sharing my passion for technology with people like you.I can't wait to help you experience the fulfilment, and financial freedom, that having a deep understanding of technology brings.So why not start learning to code now by joining our epic Unity 3D game development course?Instructor BiographyI have a broad technology background that includes Programming for physics simulations, Natural Language Processing, anomaly detection in real time, embedded development and web application.I'm comfortable with a large range of languages and techniques.I have a keen interest in growing the next generation of software professionals and actively teach programming in my spare time at every opportunity I get.ReviewsLearn To Code by Making Games - Complete Unity 5 DeveloperAverage Rating4.9146 ratingsDetails5 Stars1374 Stars73 Stars02 Stars21 Stars0Mike Flynn3 days agoExcellent course for any aspiring Game Devs!I picked up this course a couple of weeks ago with absolutely no prior experience of programming, for games or otherwise. This course is fantastic! Ben and Brice are both excellent tutors, taking the time to explain concepts to novices while also giving more experienced developers the option to challenge themselves by taking on the projects without watching all the tutorials. The course is well structured, most videos feature a mini-challenge where you are encouraged to apply the skills you have just learned without any hand-holding. Just in the first quarter, as well as coding, this course has (so far) covered things like creating design documents, structuring logic maps, designing a UI, creating 2D sprites from images, the list goes on! Ben and Brice will also point you towards some great free online resources! As a result of following this course I've gone from knowing nothing about coding to starting a little side-project while I continue learning. It's a great outlet for your creativity! If you find yourself interesting in learning anything to do with Game Development, I can't recommend this course enough.Nick Reynolds7 days agoIf there were more stars, Ben and Brice would get them all!So starting out I was a bit hesitant to spend money on some online courses for something that I was really new to at some place I had never heard of because I am quite the money troll, so I did a little research. I ALWAYS read reviews on things that interest me and generally start with the worst before the best. I like to know someones worst experience before seeing someones best because we all know people will church a review up for a friend or whatever but I could not find a single negative and better yet only saw rave reviews like the one I am writing now. The guys behind this course continually answer the question "Why?" for me which is huge. I am now starting to see how things intermingle with one-another to make things work. I have always enjoyed a good challenge and I am enjoying every step of this one. I have a gaming only background and 0 (zero) coding experience and this course has taught me so much. Its a game in itself to code these games out and make them work, to work out the bugs and so on! I cannot say enough good things about this course, infact I intend to enroll in Ben's Blender 3D modeling course as well as procedural coding courses when they available! Thanks again Ben and Brice!Bryan Cote11 days agoI wish a course like this existed years ago!The value Brice and Ben have packed into this course FAR exceeds its cost. And they keep adding to it! As someone who has traditional learned to code from books, I've never had much luck with online courses. Whether it was poor material, frustrating pacing, or dull presentation, I've never found myself sticking with a course beyond the first few sections. But along came this course! I find myself looking forward to each and every section. Even with sections I "think" I know something about, Ben and Brice never fail to uncover some new nugget or technique that makes the time investment worth it. Coding examples and techniques are clear. The links and references to all of the gaming resource sites is a boon to folks just stating out. I feel so positive about this course I just paid to enroll my 14 year old son who wants to get into game development. Once he gets going, I'll let him comment on his experiences.Mario Ivanković11 days agoThis is what you need!If you want to learn the basics of the Unity and programming in C#, Ben and Brice are people you need. They are explaining every single step from one video to another, from easiest to the most complicated. The best thing in course is that is challenging you to do some coding and to start thinking that way. I took the course for only 10$ and I think it's the best 10$ invested in education I have ever had. Even if I had 200$ I would still took this course. Keep up the good work guys. You are great !Mark Freeman6 days agoOutstandingI'm only 74 lectures in, but this is easily one of the best online courses I've ever taken. These guys did an outstanding job putting together everything from the syllabus to the example programs. The sound and video is top quality. They take you from one idea to the next in an order that makes sense and walks you along the path to learning with properly sized chunks of information. I've literally been working through these tutorials all day and I can't wait to get started again tomorrow.