Pet CareLaRocca Integrated Solutions, Inc. (“LaRocca”) has assisted numerous businesses in the pet care industry by providing them important advice on reducing their merchant processing fees, following security guidelines, and by providing advice on how to better promote their businesses within their communities. Our goal is to provide business owners with an in-depth review of their current merchant services agreement and offer constructive advice that may assist them with their current merchant processor . . . regardless of whether or not they decide to switch to us.LaRocca clients include veterinarian practices, pet care companies, and dog grooming businesses. Not only are these companies our merchant processing clients, but in many cases we assist them with customer referrals and promotional recommendations. As pet care industry continues to grow exponentially each year, so has the competition. Being involved in various business associations and non-profit organizations is just one of the many ways such businesses can increase their visibility.In addition to providing our clients with exceptional merchant processing, we also actas business-to-business connectors by referring our clients to fellow business professionals in an effort to foster strategic relationships, as well as promoting the mutual referral of business. We have even negotiated a discount rate on paper used in credit card terminals to help save our clients money by using a special Thermal Paper Discount Codewhen ordering.As you can see, at LaRocca our team acts as a multi-dimensional support system for those in the pet care industry. We take great pride in providing our customers the professional service they deserve and have come to expect. If for some reason we are unable to offer you a better rate and terms for your merchant processing, we will let you know.When it comes to helping our clients, regardless of their line of business, we provide unparalleled personal attention. Not only should your merchant processor understand the intricacies of processing credit card payments, but they should also provide personalized attention to detail. Our team shines among the competition due to our “hands-on” consultative approach. Our knowledgeable team takes personal pride in analyzing a business’s current merchant processing fees and presenting them with ways to save money.While other merchant processors may use call centers, we believe that personalized attention provides the best service to our customers and builds long lasting relationships. Being able to properly analyze the historical credit card activity of a business in order to provide the best terms and pricing requires years of experience and training. Unfortunately we have had clients who were previously relying on merchant processors who either failed to explain the details correctly, or whose sales agents were in a rush to close the transactions without fully clarifying the terms to the customers.Please give LaRocca Integrated Solutions, Inc. the opportunity to provide you with a free, personalized merchant processing rate quote. We are sure you will be happy with our professional staff, years of experience, and proven track record of loyal customers.Powered by NXGEN Payment Services, a Registered MSP/ISO of Elavon, Inc. Georgia. LaRocca Integrated Solutions, Inc. (“LIS”) is not responsible for errors or omissions on this website and denies any responsibility for any damage arising from the use of website. Any opinion and other statement contained on this website or any websites it links to or from are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the LIS.