Under-18s report: Chelsea 2 Brighton 1news Sat, 7 Feb 2015Our Under-18s ensured their place in the elite round when the regional leagues split into three next month after a battling victory.Hubert Adamczyk and Isaac Christie-Davies netted in the first half to give the Blues a two-goal lead at the break, before the visitors rallied in the second period. Ben White’s header reduced the deficit but Joe Edwards’ side defended strongly in the final exchanges as they secured all three league points.Team newsThere were three changes from the side that beat Aston Villa last weekend in the youth team’s last outing as four Under-16s started the game. Mason Mount came into midfield for his first Under-18 start of the season, while Trevoh Chalobah and Josh Grant formed part of the defence as manager Joe Edwards continued with a 3-4-2-1 system.Grant was partnered at centre-back by Fikayo Tomori and Ali Suljic, with Chalobah and Hubert Adamczyk at right and left wing-back respectively. Kyle Scott captained the side in midfield alongside Mukhtar Ali, while Isaac Christie-Davie and Mount provided the attacking support for striker Ike Ugbo.First halfIt was a lively first 10 minutes at an overcast Cobham as both sides fashioned opportunities to open the scoring. Grant’s close-range header from Christie-Davies’s in-swinging free-kick forced Bailey Vose in the Brighton goal into an early save, before Collins did well to push striker James Tilley’s strike on to the post.The Blues continued to probe as Adamczyk flashed a shot wide at the end of a good move involving Scott and Christie-Davies. The Polish youth international (pictured above) was more clinical moments later as he netted his second goal in three starts this campaign with a low drive that squirmed underneath Vose and into the back of the net.George Cox fired a shot wide after Conor Tighe’s deep cross but the home side continued to control proceedings and Scott came close to doubling their advantage. His curling 25-yard effort thumped back off the crossbar and into the grateful arms of Vose. However, when an identical opportunity was created for Brighton-born Christie-Davies a minute later, the midfielder made no mistake as he found the top corner with a brilliant effort. (pictured below).Mount volleyed narrowly wide at the end of the half as the youngsters ended a confident 45-minute display with a deserved two-goal lead.Second halfThe visitors made a double switch at the break and restarted with a far higher intensity to their play. Substitute Jack Rowe-Hurst headed narrowly wide but their endeavours were rewarded 11 minutes into the second period. Defender Ben White glanced a header into the far corner following a free-kick from the right and the Seagulls were back in the game.Chelsea’s response was immediate as Des Hutchinson poked the ball off his own line after a scramble in the Brighton box, but the visitors were much-improved from the first half and forced Collins into a series of difficult dealings with high balls into the box.Ugbo was denied by Vose and Tomori fired narrowly wide late on, while Ali was denied a clear penalty in stoppage time as the game swung from end to end. The Blues were forced into some strong defending in the final exchanges, with Grant impressive in the air and Collins denying White with a good save to ensure three points for the hosts.Manager reactionJoe Edwards reflected afterwards on a performance in which his side demonstrated not just technical but also battling qualities en-route to a win. Speaking to the official Chelsea website, he said: 'It was a young team so it was a good test for the boys.'Those games we now know we're going to be involved in at the end of the season in the elite round are going to be a level up, so it's important for our younger boys to get this experience now.'I felt we really grew into the game and our midfield took control. Once we got into their half we played some really good football in and around the box, scored the goals and went in at half-time with a well-deserved lead.'We could tell Brighton were frustrated at half-time and knowing their qualities we expected a response in the second half and we got a real test. We showed good character with a few young players not so natural playing for points.'We dug in and had the legs to cover the ground with our pressing. The back three were excellent because Brighton are a very good counter-attacking team and this 3-4-2-1 is a system that has been working well for us for a couple of weeks now.'