*CLOSED* BMN Loves Giveaways Hop (Ends 2/16) #BMNGiveawaysWelcome to the Giveaway Hop for all of you that love… Giveaway Hops, hosted by the Blogging Mamas Network. You know BMN LOVES giveaways, so we’ve come together to bring you a fun, open-themed giveaway hop! Each blogger has a prize valued at $25 or more, so be sure to “hop” around on the linky at the bottom of the post to check out each prize!I am one of those giveaway-lovers as well. I love winning them but also love hosting them for you all. It’s always fun to give away something cool and something to make somebody’s day a bit brighter.So I’m giving away some jewelry – pearl earrings to be exact!Sterling Silver 6mm Cultured Freshwater Pearl Earrings (ARV $45)Pearls have always had an alluring quality with deep meaning that has transcended through time. Originally gifted to symbolize purity, love, and virtue, today pearls are considered to be timeless, even sentimental gifts. This pair of earrings features 6mm cultured freshwater pearls that will look extraordinary when perched on your lovely earlobes. Slip them on for the perfect accessory that will look amazing whether matched with your most casual or dressiest ensembles. Want to know more? • Crafted from rhodium-plated sterling silver • Features 6mm cultured freshwater pearls (AAA quality) • Hypoallergenic • Post and push-back mountsTo enter to win these gorgeous earrings, just use the widget below. Giveaway is open to US residents ages 18 and older. Giveaway ends Monday, 2/16/15 at 11:59pm EST. Don’t forget to keep scrolling down after the widget to see the complete list of participating bloggers. Good luck!Holly ThomasI have recently one a Capresso On The Go Coffee Maker. Pretty excited about it!36Deborah WFebruary 13, 2015 at 8:16 am (UTC -4)I won a Ninja blender just before Christmas for a smoothie recipe I submitted! So exciting!35Rebecca OrrFebruary 13, 2015 at 5:59 am (UTC -4)I have won lots of great stuff over the years. Recently I won a new cookbook, a set of three toys for my kids (getting a head start on Christmas 2015!!) and two boxes of the Mr. Clean Magic Erasers and a gift card.