'Confi'dance' program for women onlyTough Chicks is self-defense and hip hop program designed to empower you with the skills, knowledge and confidence to handle situations they encounter on the streets, in the home and online. This program creates a safe space for you to learn, ask questions and tackle some tough topics such as bullying, domestic violence, online wellbeing, street safety. Participants will also have the opportunity to engage with inspiring women during our "Women in Leadership" Panel. Workshops and presentations are combined with hip hop dance workshops and self-defense classes. Tough Chicks is proudly presented by Cultural Infusion, City of Melbourne and Freeza.Are you working on issues in your local community? Would you like to improve your skills to win better campaign outcomes?This course takes place over one month and is designed to give a broad overview of skills needed to be an effective campaigner. From community organising, to social media and fundraising, we will give you a great set of tools to take away, increasing your skills, and developing better capacity in the area you work.The 32nd Annual Green Room Awards were announced Monday, April 20, at the Comedy Theatre. The recipients of this year’s 62 awards included many dance companies and individual performers and choreographers. While The Australian Ballet went home empty-handed, Chunky Move received three awards and Bangarra Dance Theatre earned two. Shaun Parker was presented the Shirley McKechnie Award for Choreography for Am I, which was recently toured to the Movimentos Festival in Wolfsburg, Germany.Are you an Australian dancer? Are you older than 13 and interested in modelling? If you answered “yes” to all of the above, then you need to enter this competition now!Aussie dancers can now enter to win an Energetiks modelling contract, to appear on the cover of the Dance Informa Digital Dance Magazine, plus be the 2016 Victorian Dance Festival Ambassador, earning free entry to next year’s event!If you’ve got an idea that could change the world, what should you do with it? The Virgin Group founder has some simple advice for any budding entrepreneurs… Finding funding to build a prototype of an idea often proves to be a big hurdle for start-ups trying to take the next step, however many n...At the end of last month, Weissman announced that its first Costume Catalogue had been created exclusively for Australia. Aussie dance teachers and studio owners swarmed the company to reserve their own 2015 Australian Costume Catalogue.Founded over 50 years ago, Weissman is a family-owned, original American brand dedicated to bringing beautiful costume design to dance teachers and stages the world over, straight from its factory to your door with no middle man and no cheap knock-offs.For the first time, Australians are invited to enjoy direct access to the company’s more than 400 original styles, both made-to-order and in-stock at competitive wholesale prices.Last night, Oxygen debuted The Prancing Elites Project, a reality show about an “all male black gay dance team from Mobile, Alabama.” While the Prancing Elites have found viral success via their j-setting routines (“It’s like a cheerleading and voguing combined in one with a lot of pelvic thrusting,” explains Elite Adrian on their dance style), back at home they face open bigotry of the “You’re going to hell and I’m going to say that right to your face” variety.Recently, I came across a Chicago Tribune article headlined, ”Chicago defends law against going topless.” To be entirely honest, I wasn’t actually aware that Chicago had a law regulating who can and can’t be topless in public, but as both a resident and an owner of a pair of (small, but whatevs) breasts, I was intrigued.Sharing your scoops to your social media accounts is a must to distribute your curated content. Not only will it drive traffic and leads through your content, but it will help show your expertise with your followers.Integrating your curated content to your website or blog will allow you to increase your website visitors’ engagement, boost SEO and acquire new visitors. By redirecting your social media traffic to your website, Scoop.it will also help you generate more qualified traffic and leads from your curation work.Distributing your curated content through a newsletter is a great way to nurture and engage your email subscribers will developing your traffic and visibility. Creating engaging newsletters with your curated content is really easy.