Breakthrough Trading CourseOnline Workshop – Thinker Trading Breakthrough CourseA complete trading approach in three hours. $299Now just $199 for a limited time!Developed by one of the most accomplished investor training instructors in the country, this course walks you step-by-step through the critical components that EVERY effective trading program must have.After years of training literally thousands of investors, Sam Sonntag has seen where traders consistently fail. This program, designed for both the beginner and experienced trader, ensures that when you execute your trading plan it has all of the elements required to give you the greatest chance at success. Most traders use a method or approach that incorporates just 2 or 3 of the core principles required for long-term success:What to tradeHow to find trade setupsWhen to enterHow much to tradeWhen to exitHow to monitor trades and improve your planAfter you have completed this program you will have the principles in place to ensure that every trade you make fits into a plan utilizing all of the core principles. You will be able to apply your new knowledge to a selected method. You will adjust and improve your chosen method to develop a complete approach to trading with an eye towards long-term success.Utilizing a live setting where you can interact with Sam, your instructor, the real time nature of the course will enhance your learning and allow you to ask questions as it applies to the live scenarios you will review during the duration of the course.Schedule Your Live Interactive Small Group Session Now and See a Dramatic Change in Your TradingPurchase your course session with the button below and you will be emailed the information to access your session upon completion.Have a question about the course? Feel free to call us at USA +1 (385) 218-0399 to answer your questions.After analyzing the results from scores of investors we’ve developed a clear list of the most important components of successful trading. Once you understand their importance and how to determine if your current approach meets the criteria for disciplined trading, you will trade with far greater confidence and have a durable long-term approach that can withstand the test of time. The beauty is that the principles were developed to apply to any market using any investment approach. We are all about a disciplined, repeatable approach that guides you to trade consistently.We have seen it again and again. An investor has a well thought out approach to trading their chosen market. However, their approach leaves holes that if not filled cannot lead to success. Once you have the foundational principles that the Breakthrough Course offers you can self assess your trading plan to determine if you are ready to live trade it or if you need just a little more work to ensure your approach is complete. Sticking to the Breakthrough principles guarantees that you will trade consistently and with discipline – the keys to any successful investor.Sam Sonntag, the developer and instructor of the Thinker Trading Academy Breakthrough Course, has spent years as a trader trading a variety of strategies and markets. But what’s more important he has refined his ability to communicate to students of the market in a way that has generated great recognition and respect. There are few if any investor coaches teaching today who have the ability to understand your strengths and weaknesses in a way that allows you to grow into a confident and winning trader. Trading is a difficult and rigorous process. Enhancing your knowledge and skills with Sam is about as wise a decision as you could find to become the most successful trader you have the potential to be.In this course you will walk through a specific trading plan that helps you see how the 6 pillars are used to ensure repeatability, discipline and structure to your trading approach regardless of what you are trading.If you are trading/investing and have met with limited success and know that you are just missing that extra something – this course is for you. We give you the tools you need to make sure you do not make another undisciplined trade that does not align with your long-term goals. This course provides a clear outline for each pillar so that as you make your decisions you make those decisions without the debilitating effects of emotion and hesitancy.If you are new to trading and just getting your feet wet. This course is the foundation every single trader should start with to ensure you align all of your goals and can approach trading consistently and repeatably as well as calmly assess all of the methods, ideas and strategies thrown at you when you first start trading.So register today and become a trader who can follow our mantra of trading repeatably, with discipline and structure. We look forward to talking with you in the course.The Thinker Trading Academy TeamSchedule Now And Improve Your Trading Approach DramaticallyPurchase your course session with the button below and you will be emailed the information to access your session upon completion. Have a question about the course? Feel free to call us at USA +1 (385) 218-0399 to answer your questions.DisclaimerThinker Trading Academy, LLC is not a broker/broker dealer and does not make trade and investing recommendations or offer financial advice. Trading stocks, options and futures can involve high risk and the loss of any fund invested. In some cases you may be responsible for more than you invest. Please become familiar with the Risks and Characteristics of Standardized Option Agreement from your broker. The education you receive from Thinker Trading Academy, LLC is for educational purposes only. Securities used in examples are for illustrative purposes only. Past performance is not indicative of future results.InformationOur courses are taught in on-location and virtual live settings where every participant gets the chance to interact with and learn from our instructors. The opportunity to get live feedback and have questions answered real-time creates a powerful learning environment. In addition, our instructors are the most knowledgeable in the industry with years both trading the markets and helping others learn how to become independent investors.