About TheaIt was during my first trip to Africa in 2009. I spent several weeks in a remote village on Lake Malawi. I lived with the villagers in a mud hut without any electricity, running water or sanitation as we know I and I loved it. One day, I sat by the lake just watching the local villagers. I suddenly noticed that they were using fine grains of sand, that lined the shore of the lake, to rub all over their bodies to exfoliate and condition their skin.They then took natural rocks and stones to remove the hard skin from their feet and bathed in the lake… then I realised what I really wanted to do with my life. At that moment Thea Skincare was conceived. So, on my return to the UK, I set about this long arduous journey to formulate a collection of high quality natural and organic skin care products, and in late 2011, Thea Skincare was born. Read moreThe name Thea is of Greek origin. Thea (also written Theia), is the Greek goddess of light. She is the daughter of Ouranos (heaven) and Gaia (earth), the wife of Hyperion (Titan God of light), and mother of Helios (the sun), Eos (the dawn), and Selene (the moon). Thea is named after the Greek Goddess of natural beauty.The ideal natural shaving set which makes shaving smooth and blissfully soothing. Nutritious natural oils in the shaving cream allow a wonderfully slippery, refreshing shave - protecting from razor burns, ingrowing hairs and shaving rashes. The after shave balm contains skin-softening organic ingredients which hydrate and calm the skin, freshly scented with essential oils. This shaving sets makes the ideal present and is perfect for men who travel on business or enjoy leisurely weekends away.Spring into the new season with eye care wonders. Double-take worthy results to gently target your client’s eye care issues. Make a beautiful difference in the blink of an eye with Thea Skincare.The lovely transition into Spring and Summer heralds a lot of skincare changes. It’s time to expel the last wintery vestiges of dullness and tiredness from your client’s skin. At no other time of year than spring is dewy, glowing skin more appropriate. It’s a time for renewal and a resurgence of the skin’s luminosity.The most obvious area where tiredness manifests is the eyes and it's very true they are the window to the soul. Stresses and skincare deficiencies appear as bags, dark circles, redness, loss of moisture and irritation. This is combined with premature ageing, which is particularly visible in the eye area. Crow’s feet, fine lines, drooping and sagging skin on the lids and under the eyes, can all conspire to add years to client’s faces.Skin in the eye area is 10 times thinner than on any other part of the face and as a result ages 30% faster than the skin on other parts of the face. As the years go by, this thinness is only exacerbated as natural collagen levels fall. Because the skin is so delicate a daily dab of moisturiser applied in a workday flurry is often not intensive or gentle enough to deal with eye concerns.Heres' 5 simple celebrity tips that will tell everyone that you eyes have itEssential oils that have aphrodisiac properties are great for initiating romance. Whether it’s Valentine’s Day, an anniversary or a loved one’s birthday, you can use one of several essential oils to set the mood for love.Ever since the times of the ancient Egyptians, essential oils have been used to promote health, beauty, fertility, virility and romance. The Greeks and other cultures learned from the Egyptians exactly how to use essential oils to increase passion, and this expertise quickly spread across the rest of the world. Some of the most popular aphrodisiac essential oils used in aromatherapy today include rose, neroli, sandalwood, ylang ylang and jasmine.As far back as I can remember we always had coconuts in our house, My mum and my grandmother used it for everything cooking, baking, in our bath, to condition our hair and on our skin. I could, and still cannot imagine my life without it.There’s a simple skincare truth that is at the heart of making your skin youthful, fresher and healthier and they're not 'faddy' new ingredients that promise the world, and they're not exorbitantly priced either, it’s vitamins.These natural compounds are as necessary to inner and outer health as water. The body only delivers a small percentage of metabolised vitamins, from food and drink, to the skin. Yet if skin suffers from a vitamin deficiency, it shows. Prematurely aged, unbalanced, dry, irritated or lacklustre skin issues can all be erased with a healthy flush of vitamin rich skincare.The solution is regular skincare; vitamin enriched skincare. Applying vitamin enriched skincare topically is the quickest, most effective way to boost the skin’s radiance and health. Most skincare brands just don’t compare in the vitamin richness stakes. Synthetically derived chemicals do not have the naturally defined efficacy to flush out toxins and make deep changes happen at the sub-dermis level of the skin, to give your skin that all year round glow.Vitamins can be used to target large areas of skin intensively. For example, in the fight against cellulite vitamin wraps, clay based treatments, massages and skin brushing with vitamin enriched products, can treat cellulite and sagging skin. The best natural skincare will offer high performance products with a cocktail of skin enhancing vitamins.Vitamin rich skincare is a safe way to revitalise your skin all year roundHere's 5 of the best skin enhancing vitamins to look out for in your skincareIt's not even a month since Christmas, and already it seems like ages ago. I tend to use the early part of January for reflection and review, and to think about what's been good and what we need to work on in 2015 and beyond,as there's always room for improvement.One of the things I'm really happy about going into 2015, is the number of bloggers who gave up their time last year to review our products. It's always good to get feedback, especially as we're a relatively new brand, there's always things we can improve on. Blogger reviews give us this opportunity, and we at Thea appreciate this. We also realise that it's a big commitment particularly in terms of time to test, review and blog about a brand or product(s).So recently, I had my annual blog review day and took a day out to go through the blog reviews we had last year, to pick out my personal favourites. As a 'newbie' blogger I love to read other blog posts, so it was a real pleasure to have a day to do this.The posts I selected are ones that inspired me in some way and reminded me why I love what I do, and why I decided to start this business, in other words, I simply enjoyed reading them over several cups of tea.There's one thing that I dislike after the New Year and it's how everyone gets hyper about detoxing. Yes, we all eat and drink too much but let's face it, it's not the only time of the year that we indulge; birthdays, holidays, weekends away and nights out with the lads or girls can result in us over indulging in either alcohol, food or both.So whilst I want to ensure that I purge my body of the rich food and drink that I consumed more of over the past week or so, I don't want to make a big issue of this or spend a small fortune on 'fads' to do this, so I try to keep it simple.