1. [+4,459, -140] Nevermind Ailee, I don't think it's right for those female idols to be acting like that on the bed of a male idol in front of other men... they're not kids, they're grown ladies.. tsk2. [+3,873, -115] I seriously hate it when people jump on my bed with feet they didn't even wash prior to getting in bed3. [+2,148, -224] They're seriously going to act like that in a Hallyu star's home? ㅠ Poor Jung Yonghwa, I like him so much ㅠㅠㅠ4. [+85, -5] In a man's room... what are they doing right in front of him..5. [+37, -1] It really did look inappropriate for them to be jumping around and laying down like that when there are other men in the room, regardless of whether they're close or not..-1. [+354, -15] Was inappropriate to watch... They're not little kids who don't know anything, they're grown women who should know better. It's wrong to lay in bed like that in short skirts.. especially that Hyejung girl? She was out of line.2. [+344, -15] Inappropriate of them to gift him underwear... imagine if a male idol gifted a female idol underwear;;;;3. [+317, -47] Didn't Hyejung get into a cigarette controversy earlier too? She always gets into these controversies, doesn't seem like a good person. I'm not saying she's bad just because she smokes but she's an adult and a public figure, she should've been more careful. (There's a gif running around of Hyejung pulling a plastic spoon from her mouth and people assume she's a smoker because she subconsciously gripped it the way you would a cigarette)4. [+143, -5] I saw this live and just noticed right away that something was wrong. You know Hyejung is those type of girls that only girls recognize... she kept pulling her hair to one side to expose her shoulder like she was out to seduce someone ㅋㅋㅋ5. [+130, -4] Are they horny? Or do they like Jung Yonghwa? Even Yonghwa told them that they shouldn't be laying down like that in a man's home and they're like but we're family! Well they were obviously laying there in seductive poses to try to get him to look at their legs..6. [+118, -8] Is this what girls are always talking about? Girls that are out to seduce men?? Why would a grown woman wearing a short skirt flop around in bed like that in front of a man otherwise?7. [+113, -7] All I hear about them is bad things ㅋㅋㅋ From cigarette to concert nuisance to Brave Family ㅋㅋㅋㅋ8. [+108, -2] Even Jung Yonghwa looked annoyed9. [+92, -2] I saw the video and Choa clearly looked like she realized how inappropriate it was but Hyejung just kept staring at her own legs10. [+74, -2] I like Hyejung so I watched the video thinking no way she'd do all that but the way she was laying down, her gaze... there's just something that only girls notice.223 comments:1. [+4,459, -140] Nevermind Ailee, I don't think it's right for those female idols to be acting like that on the bed of a male idol in front of other men... they're not kids, they're grown ladies.. tskThey are friends, they've known each other for years and everybody was in the fucking room, is not like they did this to try to seduce him...They are just seriously finding every excuse to hate on these girls.I know people are saying AOA was doing too much and they wouldnt like it if they did it at ther house... but they are friends and AOA are clearly just acting out for the cameras... its not that serious...Pretty sure the only problem here is that it's shown on TV so that people can bitch well. What if he doesn't care and actually likes seeing pretty girls lying on his bed wearing skirts? Netizens really need to bitch about everything, it must be tiring to be them.From a traditional standpoint, no, you don't do this. Traditional. It might be the norm in the US, but this is Korea. Not even solely in Korea, but in Asian countries, at least Indonesia, you don't just lay on a man's bed like that. My parents would lecture at me for forever if I were to do this.AOA get into a lot of controversies regarding their shitty personalities.I would be mad if someone stood or jumped on my bed with their stinking feet. I sleep on that bed, it's my personal space.I hope fans don't come out with shit like 'but we all jump on everyones bed everyday, it's normal'. Just..... NO.Sometimes it's just the polite thing to do, especially when it's something as personal as a bed where somebody rests. Maybe they don't like the smell of your cologne or the smell of your jeans on their sheets?There clearly were many people in that bedroom. They weren't doing anything sexual or inappropriate or making him feel uncomfortable in anyway. Aren't they good friends? My good friends do this when they come over. It's not a big deal.I don't see the big deal since they are very close, but the girls should have been more careful or not worn dresses. Even though I may not fully agree with the criticism, I can see why people are bothered.Oh please every time there's a controversy like that I see people saying "it's like that in asian countries" but I have korean friends who grew up in korea and when we go to Junho's house, his female korean friends sit on his bed cause they're friends.personally i get pissed off when my brother sits on the edge of my bed. My bed my sanctuary. I can't really say if this is a big deal or not because i don't know AOA and Yonghwa's relationship past the company labelmate parts. But it's interesting how the comments (sans #1) focus on AOA rather than AOA+ AileHaaaaa i thought i was crazy b s i saw that on hyejung too...the way she was looking at him when she was on the bed lol I dont jugde Ailee tho, she and Yonghwa seem pretty close. It made me a bit unconfortable as a fan to see them act like that but its nothing to over react about....i had a feeling this would happen :/They are from the same company and I am pretty sure they knew eachother for a long time... I mean if this was to an UNKWOWN stranger, a older man, couple or really great veteran, I would understand but amongst friends, they are over exaggerating.but wasn't that more of an issue because of their age difference (he was 20 and she was 14)? If Willow and Moises were both in their 20s and snapped that bed pic then i bet the criticisms would be virtually non-existentYeah, that was very uncomfortable and turned into an issue because of the following reasons:- Willow is an underage girl who was lying down on a bed with a half naked guy. - The picture just gave out wrong vibes in general. - Willow also looked half-naked.But the main reason is that she is wayyy underage. That's why it turned into such a huge issue.I mean we all know they're from the same company. but that doesn't change the fact that they're girls. They shouldn't be acting like that specially because there are guys in the room.. and keep in mind it's Yonghw's house too. just voicing out my opinionI'd understand that, but being an idol, they should know that it'd be shown in the country lol. Personally I wouldn't do that in front of a boy if my parents were in the room (my parents being equivalent to the audience watching the show).All I see with this is the director/producers of the show telling AOA how to act for the lolz. Also, I'm pretty sure AOA can't even buy underwear for themselves. It was the show runners who gifted the underwear...Prior to this comment, you kind of judge them based on your preference in your bedroom, which has nothing to with them? So... Quit projecting Manatee. Its not their fault no hot girls want to stand on your bed....Oh yeah, I feel it. I'm not saying that they were like horrible lol, I'm just saying that they should be conscious as to how they would be portrayed in the country they're in, since it's being filmed. I'm not saying that everyone should be traditional lol.When choa laid on Yonghwas floor he told her a lady shouldnt lay like that in the house of a men and when Hyejung told her "but we are family". He replied "Is our blood mixed?" I think he was teaching then how to well behave properly as an oppa but he seemed a bit uncomfortable. :/I lay down on my male friend's bed for fun once in a while and he doesn't get mad, it's not like we're having sex out in the open lol Although yes it is disrespectful if you're not close with the person or something, at least imo.Dude, the funny thing is that is not even Yonghwa's fans. Most of his fans (myself included) are supportive of AOA since CNBLUE and Yonghwa have always supported them a lot. This episode by the way came out more than a week ago when most of his fans saw it and no one made a fuss about it.Whoever posted this is not doing it because they care about Yonghwa or I'm sure they would've posted more important parts of the show that are actually about him.. They are just using it as an excuse to hate on them.I remove my bed covers whenever my friends visit me because I know they'll be around playing and I like my bed clean because I spend most of my time there so this is a no no for me. plus it's not easy washing bed sheetsi think jumping on the bed with your bare feet is too much. but maybe if it is with your socks its okay. but still i positively think they want the viewers to see their joyful side. but at least they should have shown some hesitation on their faces before lying down on a men's bed. hull~ actually I was on my way on liking them already but with this i am having second thoughts. they should be role models.I'm not saying that their culture is wrong or they should disrespect it but really we can't expect them to control what they're doing 24/7. They're new to being famous, they might not realize how much of a big deal it is yet.Very true, but personally I feel that in a filming, as an idol, you should be aware. I mean filming is like a big portion of how you're represented in any country, that's common knowledge. It's true that they're new, so they'll prob be more aware now lol. Don't get me wrong, i don't hate them. I just think this was a mistake on their part due to poor planning.Lol even if my close friends came over I'd throw a fit if they jumped on my bed. Idk maybe it's an asian culture but I'd never lay on my guy friend's bed even if they told me to chill it's just felt wrong to me. Anyways I'd never liked AOA from the start.Being close in front of the TV doesn't mean they're close in real life, Yonghwa also told them to stop doing it, so he obviously didn't like it. Its funny how all the AOA fans keep saying "but they're friends so its okey" no its not okey because HE didn't like it and told them to stop. What excuse are you going to come up wit now?I think it's bc ailee was wearing pants and a robe. She was actually the first one to jump on the bed but choa (odk if its her) jumped on it again it was in the 1st ep ending preview. I just think the hate AOA getting is ridiculous.I think it's because of what she was wearing. Unlike AOA, Ailee wore pants to his house. If she was also laying down, it appears she got up whereas Hyejeong didn't. Then Choa jumped on his bed. I think this is why they're receiving harsher criticism than Ailee.They can do whatever, I don't mind, to me the problem is not that they jumped in his bed but they did in their street wear, that's like a horror story for me lolI hate it when one of my friend comes over and is like 'I am a bit sleepy, I will take a nap' and wants to lie on my bed in street wear like... I am sleeping there all clean after shower. I just hate that, I can't help it lolThere's a difference between carefree and controversial. This just looked wrong, and Yonghwa himself didn't seem comfortable. If they were close then it's fine, but I highly doubt that, they don't look close in the vid. I also don't get why i-netz are so quick to defend AOA all the time when there is proof of their wrong doings, but when it's someone else they will make it a big deal. I'm not trying to generalize, I'm just talking about the majority of the comments that I personally encountered.I like AOA in terms of music, Like a Cat is my jam, however you can't deny that something inappropriate happened :/Er, I'm not passing judgement on them..? I'm just saying they should have been more careful and respectful. I'm not hating on them and/or insulting them. It seems like you can't make proper criticism on this site without people accusing you of hating them and going in for the kill.For those who want video>>>150129 Ailee (에일리) - Jung Yonghwa's Hologram Ep. 2 (Eng Sub): This only the housewarming part, not full episode. Ailee and Yonghwa/CNBLUE seem really close ^^ http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2g3lr5_angelicsubs-150129-ailee-%EC%97%90%EC%9D%BC%EB%A6%AC-jung-yonghwa-s-hologram-ep-2-eng-sub_funChoa lied on the floor and that's when Yonghwa said that she's at a man's home. Okay let's say that's fine. They gifted him underwear. If he gifted them underwear wouldn't he get called a pervert? Yeah, most likely. It's wrong and inappropriate. Plus, Ailee was wearing pants while AOA were wearing a skirt.I get that the guys shouldn't look and the girls have the right to dress however they like, but if they wanted to lie down and jump they should have worn pants at least. I'm not bashing them, however they keep on getting into controversies and they should really do something if they want to continue being well liked. Yes, they probably over reacted for the TV but still, there's a limit :/just watched the video and i have two questions: 1) how old are they and 2) did they not get any media training? call it bandwagoning or whatever, but aoa AND ailee were not acting cute. yonghwa had the pull them off the bed or stop them from jumping on it on multiple occasions. he was clearly not down with their behavior. and for aoa, it was as if they didn't realize they had really short dresses on, which is weird bc i think all female idols know how to conduct themselves with short dresses. idk, that was...weird.Netizen BuzzDisclaimerJust a friendly reminder... Comments on this blog do not represent the majority opinion of Koreans and should not be taken as an example of Korean sentiment on any of the topics presented. They are just one facet, one view of the many different views that exist. Please read the FAQ for more info.- Don't feed the trolls in the comments.- Please be respectful to one another.