It's rare that I like somewhere as much as I loved this place. From the outside it's quite unassuming but my Lord it's worth a trip. Portions are not massive but the flavours of the food are to die for.McHughs is a hidden gem on the Northside, It's easy to miss as it hidden in an estate off the Howth road.I have eaten here a few times and I can't say a bad thing, it's a relaxed, chilled and spacious restaurant. Menu is well sized and has a great choice. The starter of prawns were great but I have enjoyed various main courses including the steak which was fantastic.I might have missed it but I was surprised not to see McHugh's restaurant in Raheny listed in Yelp so apologies if it's listed somewhere else but had to write a review to rave about this place.I've eaten here several times now and it has never failed to impress. I'm not just talking about the incredible food, the chicken wings are THE BEST IN THE GALAXY, or the laid back and friendly staff but the venue itself is gorgeous. Granted, it doesn't inspire from the outside, and the surroundings, based in a residential area, tends to hide just how much of a gem this place is.Took a gamble recently on going there for the first time since the birth of our baby so really wanted to indulge with the short amount of free time we had. The drinks list has an excellent selection of wines but what really grabbed my attention was the array of beers available. This place introduced me to Sam Adams Ale and I haven't looked back since. As already mentioned the Chicken wings are incredible which unfortunately means I can't comment on any of the other starters as I never go for anything else. Mains range from dissolve in your mouth exquisitely cooked Daube of Beef to no-nonsense gourmet burgers to the local catch of the day. The food is world class and the atmosphere is perfect with a nice buzz under cosy lighting.To top it all off, the prices are more than reasonable and you get excellent value for money.Looking forward to going back!From the businessSpecialtiesMcHugh's Wine & Dine Restaurant is an excellent Bistro serving great food and great wine at reasonable prices.HistoryEstablished in 2008.The McHugh family have been operating two award-winning specialist off-licences in the local area. They have successfully married this experience with their love for good food to establish a great restaurant in the heart of Raheny.