sixteen going on twenty-sixMenuMenuSitting down with Mackenzie KendallIt’s difficult to find humility and talent in the same place these days, but not in Mackenzie Miller. Better known by her first and middle name Mackenzie Kendall, Miller became an overnight Tumblr sensation within weeks of starting her blog.Originally she started her blog as a creative outlet before her freshman year at Ole Miss, but since then her blog has became a source of style inspiration, and advice for young girls.“I remember having around 1,000 followers by my second week or so of starting my blog- it was all so crazy and surprising, because I never started it with the intentions of gaining popularity! I started by posting pictures of my sister and me in our matching Lilly (Pulitzer) in Greece! By posting a lot of my own photos, my blog got noticed very quickly! I think that I posted things that other girls could relate to.”Despite making many appearances on countless Pinterest style boards, Miller doesn’t consider herself a style icon, and struggled with finding her own personal style.“I went to private school for a while, but then decided to go to public school for my junior year of high school. I realized I had no idea how to dress. I was so use to the navy and gray uniforms that I had no idea what was even ‘in’.”Like most people, Miller found inspiration from those around her.“My mom and sister really helped me find style and taught me all about mixing and matching; I still find myself constantly raiding both of their closets! They both have such great style, and we all happen to be the same size! Pinterest has also been a huge influence in my style. I am constantly on the app, pinning new things! It has helped me discover so many new ideas and constantly helps me figure out what to wear or what to pair with specific things! I love it!”With her bubbly personality, and award winning southern smile Miller is nothing if not relatable. She struggles with the same issues, and finds joy in the same achievements and has bad days just like anyone else.“I’m just your average nineteen year old enjoying life. Though it has been an incredible experience with countless positive moments, blogging hasn’t been an only positive thing. It has definitely changed my life. For example, every time I go to the mall- I always get recognized. This isn’t always a bad thing, but it’s hard to have any privacy in my life.”And now having such a public life causes it’s own problems. But she keeps her head held high.“I remember a few weeks ago I got recognized in public and somebody sent me a hurtful anonymous message telling me how bad I looked that day. At first, it kind of stung as nobody likes to be attacked or ridiculed. After thinking about the comment all day I realized that what they said didn’t matter and wasn’t worth feeling sad over. When you blog, you almost fabricate a glamorous portrayal of your life. People really only see the good, and I think followers don’t realize that what is up there isn’t 100% of who you are; it’s not your entire life. There are days I barely sleep or don’t have time to put on makeup or even brush my hair; there are days I’m cramming for a big test and I get anxious and stressed; and there are times that I have awful days, and I cry. I am human too and my life is nothing close to perfect as I think it may seem to the world. I also feel like my tumblr has brought a lot of talk, assumptions, criticism, and rumors. It’s taken a while for me to realize that this part of blogging is inevitable; people will talk regardless of what you do and you can’t get upset because you made the decision to put yourself out there. However, through the negativity I have learned so many important things. I have learned that no matter what you do, there will people that agree with you and don’t agree with you- that’s okay, not everybody has to like you. All that matters at the end of the day is how you think of yourself; if you are proud of who you are and how far you’ve come, then nothing else truly matters. Though that seems like a bunch of a negative, I can promise you that the positivity and encouragement I’ve received in this past year and a half has far outweighed any of the downsides. Even if I could go back and change things, I wouldn’t.”Throughout the negative experiences blogging has opened up many opportunities for Mackenzie, including being able to work with Jack Rogers and Vineyard Vines. But despite her rise in popularity she remains true to herself, a successful college student with a very bright future.“Academics are SO important for me; I finished freshman year with around a 3.7 and I am applying to my University’s honors college in just a few months! When I finish my undergrad, I want to go to graduate school to get my MBA. Far in the future, I would also like to go back and get my teaching degree so I can be an art teacher! Education is incredibly important to me, and that always has to be the most important aspect of my life.”After finishing up her studies, Miller is welcome to the idea of creating a website, and working in the business side of the fashion industry. But until then, she’s determined to stay humble and promote confidence to everyone she meets. It’s not hard to see Mackenzie Millers appeal, she’s kind, intelligent, funny and sure of where she wants to be in the world.“We are all equal, equally incredible, equally individual. When you celebrate who you are, you learn to celebrate others and who they are! You have to appreciate your strengths and best qualities, but understand that you are not perfect. And with that, you learn to love your flaws because they make you exactly who you are!”