How to Earn More Than You Ever Thought PossibleIf you want to get more clients and dramatically increase your income, you need The Attorney Marketing Formula.They don’t teach marketing in law school, but there is nothing more important to a law practice than marketing. You may have excellent legal skills but those skills by themselves won’t bring in clients.When I started practicing law more than thirty years ago, I didn’t know anything about marketing. I certainly wasn’t “working smart”. I had no idea how to build a law practice and I nearly starved to death.I worked hard and did a good job for my clients, but those first few years were incredibly tough. Every day was a struggle to make overhead. It wasn’t until I learned how to market my services that things changed for me. And when they did. . . I EARNED A FORTUNE.In The Attorney Marketing Formula, you’ll learn a six-part formula for building your practice without working harder, or doing anything you don’t want to do. You’ll be able to attract better clients and bigger cases, earn higher fees, and get more referrals.These marketing strategies will help you earn more than you ever thought possible.The secret to earning more and working lessAfter more than twenty years of practice, I wrote and published one of the first marketing courses for attorneys. Thousands of attorneys in over a dozen countries enrolled in that course, making it the best selling marketing course for lawyers in the world.Today the rules have changed. There are too many attorneys and not enough (good) clients. Everyone is fighting over the same turf.If you want to dramatically increase your income, you can’t keep doing what you’ve always done. You have to do something different.I wrote The Attorney Marketing Formula to show you how. You’ll learn:How to develop a unique marketing message that tells clients why they should choose youHow to identify the most lucrative markets for your practiceHow to create a profile of your ideal clientSimple steps to cutting work hours without losing incomeHow to get higher fees than most attorneys in your marketHow to get more referrals from your clients, from other lawyers and other professionalsThe easiest way to get new referral sourcesHow to build a big list and convert more prospects into clientsHow to dominate your target market and attract the best clients and biggest casesA step-by-step approach to setting up strategic marketing alliances with other professionalsAnd much moreThe Attorney Marketing Formula is comprised of six key marketing strategies that work together and compound. Implement one strategy and you will increase your income. Implement all six and the results will be staggering.The course is 200+ pages of marketing strategies and techniques for attorneys in any practice area. It comes in pdf form and is available for immediate download.Free BonusIf you’ve ever struggled to come up with an effective marketing plan, you’ll be happy to know the course comes with a free bonus module:“How to Create a Marketing Plan That Really Works.” Answer five key questions and you’ll have a workable plan you can start using immediately.The Attorney Marketing Formula is only $79$59 for a limited timeRecommendationsHere’s what attorneys say about my programs:As an update about the success I have had with [this technique], the 2nd client (and the one I thought would not use that approach) agreed to the plan. As a result of using this approach, I deposited over $60,000.00 since purchasing the cash flow for attorneys program. Wow!!”A few days later: “Went 3 for 3. Last one agreed today and paid me. I put $75,000.00 in the bank in 2 weeks. I love it!” —Jack Robinson, Texas“I think your materials are great. I got a lot out of them. I started using one of your techniques but I got so many responses, my secretary was going crazy and made me stop! I’m going to hire a young lawyer to handle the extra work, so I can spend more time marketing.” –Bernard H., MA“I am one of your original subscribers. Last year was my biggest year ever. I moved about $2 million in PI cases across my desk. Most of those clients were retained using techniques you taught me. Not bad for a sole practitioner.Your internet advice over the phone already saved me the price of your course and will make me a fortune in the future. As you know, there is a gold rush going on in the internet. Lawyers who hesitate will be left behind and broke. —John J. Schalter, MIDavid, you were kind enough to offer a detailed, five-page critique of the networks I had been forming among other lawyers. You had asked me to keep you informed of my progress. I am happy to report that my first case resulted in a $10,000 fee within the first month! Much of what you said in your five-page letter proved prophetic. So farI have received 6 cases that I would not have otherwise had.–David WrightI’m finding your program extremely helpful. In the first week of business on a part time basis, I have 3 new clients. –Jane K., LAThere are six lessons in The Attorney Marketing Formula. Each one shows you how to leverage your existing assets and strengths so that you stand out in the marketplace and make clients see you as the best choice:Focus: Without focus, you are spread too thin, going in too many directions, trying to do too much. Focus allows you to achieve mastery, bypass your competition, and maximize your results.Value: You earn more by delivering more value. You do that by providing clients with a unique bundle of benefits they truly desire. This allows you to distinguish yourself from other attorneys so that clients clearly see why they should choose you.Trust: No matter how much value you deliver, without trust, the best clients won’t hire you, come back again, or refer others. When you know how to get people to trust you before they meet you, marketing is much easier and much more effective.Money: Getting more clients is only one way to earn more. This lesson shows you how to get clients to hire you more often and pay you more each time they do.People: The most effective and profitable way to grow your practice is to leverage your relationships with people who already know, like, and trust you. This is the basis for creating a referral-based practice.Time: We all have 168 hours in a week. If you want to earn more, especially if you want to earn more without working more, you need to get the most out of every hour. This lesson shows you how.More recommendationsYour materials are unbelievably good! I should know. I used to be the marketing director of a 100,000 member association headquartered in Kansas City. We had a large marketing department and did all of our own creative, production, copywriting etc. I ran the whole show so my expertise has been in the marketing arena.Having said that, let me tell you, your course taught me more about marketing legal services than the entire sum total of all the marketing research and reading I’ve done over the last decade. There’s something there for every attorney.I project that your guidance will add an additional 2 to 3 clients a week. . . and at an average of fee of $1500 per client. . . well you do the math.I have never seen such a collection of relevant secrets and pragmatic ideas on how to build a law practice. I had always assumed that successful lawyers either: (1) never gave away their secrets; or (2) did something unethical to obtain their clients. The fact that you would even consider sharing the secrets of your success says a lot about your character.[T]here are a lot of struggling lawyers that I have attempted to help over the years. So many drop out of the profession and change careers because they can’t make a living practicing law. You may never hear about all the careers you have saved. You will never know all the good you have done.” –David W.,TX“[My three partners and I] were very happy with what we received. A lot of thought and energy appears to have gone into the program. It was good to see more subtle approaches that appear to fit our firm’s nature. We expect to quadruple our income by the end of the year! Seriously, we are quite busy and have for the first time hired an associate.” —Robb K., Chicago, ILHow refreshing to finally find marketing advice from someone who understands the legal profession. I had become frustrated with my current marketing advisor’s more generic approach and it is already apparent that your advice will be much more helpful.” –Alice K., CA