OpinionDoctors have documented a rise in the number of heart attack patients in India who receive angioplasty within four hours of the onset of symptoms. According to the Cardiology Society of India (CSI), more than 41,000 patients in India with acute coronary disease received angioplasty during 2014, compared to about 24,000 patients during...[ View full story ]The stir against land acquisition took a tragic and macabre turn when a farmer hanged himself during an Aam Admi Party (AAP) rally in the heart of the national capital. The mortifying episode only showed how the political exploitation of a complex problem was diverting attention from what really needed to be done....[ View full story ]On Friday the markets witnessed a heavy sell off after the earnings announcement of IT major Infosys. On Friday closed at 8305, down around 93 points. The market breadth stood negative as there were seen 684 stocks advancing against 2080 stocks declining. The Nifty volatility index, India VIX stood at 19.1050 up around...[ View full story ]I am born with an insatiable urge of travelling around the world and whenever I get a chance I never miss it. Recently I got an opportunity to visit Ajmer, Pushkar, Mountabu and Udaipur. I simply grabbed it to appease my ever hungry soul. we four ladies excitedly started our journey from Delhi...[ View full story ]The government’s manufacturing focus is evident. On the recent three-country foreign visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Make in India campaign received a fillip. India was also the partner country at Hannover Messe, described as the world’s leading trade fair for industrial technology. However, skeptics immediately pointed out India’s decision to buy...[ View full story ]Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mufti Muhammad Sayeed’s decision to “provide democratic space to separatist politics” by releasing Masarat Alam has badly backfired. Instead, the decision had made hardline positions on two sides even harder. Alam’s arrest in 2010 was “a hard earned success” for the security forces as the intelligence agencies believed...[ View full story ]