Students graduate with hands-on experience in cancer research Here’s the latest in cancer research news: OREM — As Utah Valley University students Michaelle Cadet and Andrea Quiroz prepare to graduate with bachelor’s degrees in...Diagnosing esophageal cancer, signs and symptoms Here’s the latest in cancer research news: Let’s discuss a lethal disease, esophageal cancer. When diagnosed, most patients die within the first year of diagnosis with a 16%...News roundup: Huntsman: Campaign fundraising is a ‘cancer’ in the political … Here’s the latest in cancer research news: … Read the full article about this piece of cancer research news here. Image credit...The Mesothelioma Victims Center Urges Victims to Call for Their Customized … Here’s the latest in cancer research news: WASHINGTON, April 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — The Mesothelioma Victims Center is calling attention to a new...Powerful Skin Cancer Drugs Stops Mesothelioma Tumor Growth Here’s the latest in cancer research news: Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine discover pembrolizumab also can stop mesothelioma and lung cancer tumor...Alternative therapies: what’s the harm? Here’s the latest in cancer research news: We often see stories in the media about cancer patients who have chosen alternative treatments, either alongside or instead of conventional treatment....UWSP relays for cancer fundraising Here’s the latest in cancer research news: The 15th annual event at the university raised about $13,000. Read the full article about this piece of cancer research news here....New Investigation Finds Mesothelioma “Clusters” Around Italian Cement Plants … Here’s the latest in cancer research news: A new study suggests that deadly malignant mesothelioma is more common in the regions around asbestos cement...Newark firm using supplement fad to fund cancer research Here’s the latest in cancer research news: A UD professor is leveraging the dietary supplement fad into an engine for cancer research. Read the full...Family continues fundraising for brain cancer research after son’s death Here’s the latest in cancer research news: Read the full article about this piece of cancer research news here. Image credit Fredericksburg.comCMU’s Relay For Life Raises Thousands for Cancer Research Here’s the latest in cancer research news: Hundreds of college students walked for hours to put an end to cancer. Read the full article about...Photos | Locals shave their heads in cancer research fundraiser Here’s the latest in cancer research news: Read the full article about this piece of cancer research news here. Image credit The Virginian-PilotSymptoms of Poor Sleep May Suggest Potential Sleep Disorders in Survivors of … Here’s the latest in cancer research news: ORLANDO, FLA large percentage of survivors of breast cancer with sleep complaints have symptoms...Cancer fundraisers rappel tallest building in Fort Lauderdale Here’s the latest in cancer research news: Octogenarian Dee Atkinson didn’t take the elevator or the stairs down from the 30th floor of downtown’s tallest skyscraper....