Private Label clothing means our customers can put their own branding into every garment, building the strength of their brand and the relationships with their customersHISTORYEverything you need to be a successful Clothier under one roof. -CMT -Sourced fabrics -Linings/Trims/ButtonsOur unparalleled array of styling options, enables our customers to design garments with unique, distinctive character that their clients cannot find off-the-rack, or even from other custom clothiersSTAFFState of the art online ordering platform and “Dynamic Image Merchandising” (DIM) system enables our customers to conduct business efficiently, and provide their clients with images of their custom clothing purchases BEFORE the order is placed to ensure the customer will be satisfied with the end result.In 2002, Wen Nance, the founder of Trinity Apparel Group was disappointed in the usual suppliers of made-to-measure production. It seemed to Wen, and several of his clothier colleagues, that the goal of these suppliers was to provide the lowest common denominator of quality and style but to charge a premium for uninspiring clothing. Why was there no better solution?In a moment of entrepreneurial inspiration, while admiring a beautiful sport shirt and noticing the country of origin on the label, Wen asked himself a question: “Why has no one developed a made-to-measure solution using offshore production?” With this question burning in his mind, Wen set out to prove that a business platform could be developed around the idea of mass customization using offshore manufacturing. From the beginning, Wen knew three critical questions had to be successfully answered regarding:QUALITYDELIVERY SPEEDPRICEYes, the ability of offshore manufacturing could meet Wen’s quality specifications and exceed what was available domestically. Yes, these quality garments could be manufactured and delivered to the customer equal to or faster than domestic manufacturers. Finally, yes, these quality garments could be offered at lower prices creating unequaled value. The successful answers to these three questions contributed to the company name, Trinity Apparel Group.In 2003, Wen combined his retail custom clothing business with two partners after organizing Trinity Apparel Group. The retail division was named Latham Thomas after Wen’s two young sons. The business strategy was to be profitable enough in the retail business to support the development of Trinity’s production platform and wholesale business. The partners, retailers themselves, proved to be a significant asset in developing the supply chain. By intimately understanding the challenges for retailers and having made literally thousands of consumer transactions, Trinity reverse engineered the production platform beginning with the transaction and working backwards to the factory floor.In March 2004, the company was ready to supply the leading independent clothiers in America. Trinity Apparel officially launched beyond select development accounts. Latham Thomas grew to five markets and proved to be the ideal laboratory for perfecting the Trinity production platform.Bill Kneisel joined Trinity as an equity partner in 2006, replacing an original partner who left the industry. Bill’s contribution to the company accelerated its growth velocity and allowed Wen to concentrate fully on the continual improvement of the products, platform, and systems.Trinity’s early success led to a decision to spin Latham Thomas off from Trinity Apparel Group in 2008. Wen and Bill acquired the wholesale equity and sold their retail equity to their third partner in an amicable business separation. By exiting the retail business, Wen, Bill, and the Trinity staff were able to fully devote themselves to the rapidly growing wholesale company.Since then, Trinity has continued to be the leader in mass customized apparel manufacturing. With a passion for continual improvement, product innovation, and technology, Trinity has become a global force in the apparel industry. Trinity entered the Canadian and United Kingdom markets in 2011 and has seen impressive growth rates domestically and abroad even during challenging economic times.In 2012, with offices in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and China, in addition to growing global distribution, Trinity is continuing to invest in its future and in the future of its clothiers, tailors and retailers. The launch of iDesign STUDIO has caused many to rethink custom apparel retailing. This type of industry leading innovation has become expected from Trinity. With an already impressive list of accomplishments and a passion for continual improvement, the future is an exciting frontier for everyone associated with Trinity Apparel Group.NEWSSTAFFTrinity’s Executive CommitteeWen NanceCEO and Head HonchoPaul Rego manages Trinity’s intellectual property and technology development. Working with the executive committee and our IT / web development personnel, Paul leads the company’s technology development initiatives focused on providing our customers with the best tools available in the apparel industry for order entry and sales management.Paul lead the development and launch of Trinity’s revolutionary Dynamic Image Merchandising system iDesign STUDIO. In addition to the continual development of STUDIO, Paul is responsible for leading the ongoing improvement of the company’s industry-leading order entry system iDesign WORKFLO.Paul’s experience in men’s apparel began in 1988 in Toronto, Canada where we worked for Harry Rosen, Canada’s luxury men’s wear chain. In 1991 he joined the family’s upscale custom clothing boutique REGO Bespoke Clothiers located next to the Toronto Stock Exchange. In 2002, Paul and his father formed Sartorial Instruments & Technology to launch their invention The Fitter; a measuring device and online software application designed to help retailers obtain professional results selling custom apparel.In 2005, Paul realized the family was better at retailing than attempting to help other retailers, and departed the family business to work at Coppley Apparel Group. Paul’s role was to train the company’s sales force and retail customers on fitting and measuring best practices. In 2009 Paul decided to move to the United States to launch a custom shirt line TOUCH, which was recently sold to Ballin. Paul joined Trinity Apparel Group in 2011. He now resides in Jacksonville, FL with his wife Nathalie and their 4 cats. When he’s not trying to figure out how Trinity can continue to revolutionize the custom apparel sales experience, he enjoys the sunshine while playing at Florida’s numerous golf courses.Bill KneiselCFO and PartnerPaul Rego manages Trinity’s intellectual property and technology development. Working with the executive committee and our IT / web development personnel, Paul leads the company’s technology development initiatives focused on providing our customers with the best tools available in the apparel industry for order entry and sales management.Paul lead the development and launch of Trinity’s revolutionary Dynamic Image Merchandising system iDesign STUDIO. In addition to the continual development of STUDIO, Paul is responsible for leading the ongoing improvement of the company’s industry-leading order entry system iDesign WORKFLO. Paul’s experience in men’s apparel began in 1988 in Toronto, Canada where we worked for Harry Rosen, Canada’s luxury men’s wear chain. In 1991 he joined the family’s upscale custom clothing boutique REGO Bespoke Clothiers located next to the Toronto Stock Exchange. In 2002, Paul and his father formed Sartorial Instruments & Technology to launch their invention The Fitter; a measuring device and online software application designed to help retailers obtain professional results selling custom apparel.In 2005, Paul realized the family was better at retailing than attempting to help other retailers, and departed the family business to work at Coppley Apparel Group. Paul’s role was to train the company’s sales force and retail customers on fitting and measuring best practices. In 2009 Paul decided to move to the United States to launch a custom shirt line TOUCH, which was recently sold to Ballin. Paul joined Trinity Apparel Group in 2011.He now resides in Jacksonville, FL with his wife Nathalie and their 4 cats. When he’s not trying to figure out how Trinity can continue to revolutionize the custom apparel sales experience, he enjoys the sunshine while playing at Florida’s numerous golf courses.Paul RegoDirector, IP and TechnologyPaul Rego manages Trinity’s intellectual property and technology development. Working with the executive committee and our IT / web development personnel, Paul leads the company’s technology development initiatives focused on providing our customers with the best tools available in the apparel industry for order entry and sales management.Paul lead the development and launch of Trinity’s revolutionary Dynamic Image Merchandising system iDesign STUDIO. In addition to the continual development of STUDIO, Paul is responsible for leading the ongoing improvement of the company’s industry-leading order entry system iDesign WORKFLO.Paul’s experience in men’s apparel began in 1988 in Toronto, Canada where we worked for Harry Rosen, Canada’s luxury men’s wear chain. In 1991 he joined the family’s upscale custom clothing boutique REGO Bespoke Clothiers located next to the Toronto Stock Exchange. In 2002, Paul and his father formed Sartorial Instruments & Technology to launch their invention The Fitter; a measuring device and online software application designed to help retailers obtain professional results selling custom apparel.In 2005, Paul realized the family was better at retailing than attempting to help other retailers, and departed the family business to work at Coppley Apparel Group. Paul’s role was to train the company’s sales force and retail customers on fitting and measuring best practices. In 2009 Paul decided to move to the United States to launch a custom shirt line TOUCH, which was recently sold to Ballin. Paul joined Trinity Apparel Group in 2011. He now resides in Jacksonville, FL with his wife Nathalie and their 4 cats. When he’s not trying to figure out how Trinity can continue to revolutionize the custom apparel sales experience, he enjoys the sunshine while playing at Florida’s numerous golf courses.Craig ZahnerDirector, Dealer SupportCraig Zahner is responsible for leading Trinity’s customer support team, overseeing order fulfillment from order entry to delivery of the completed garments. Craig’s daily contact with the support team and order fulfillment staff at the factory ensures all dealer concerns and questions are answered in the timeliest fashion.Craig is also actively involved in business development initiatives; managing the addition of new customers, and assisting with the implementation of new products and technology. Working as a liaison between the IT department, our ccustomers, and the executive committee, he brings all parties together to ensure the successful launch of new products and feature upgrades to Trinity’s iDesign WORKFLO order system and our revolutionary new Dynamic Image Merchandising system, iDesign STUDIO.Craig has a lifetime of experience in the apparel industry. In the 1960’s and 70’s he was co-owner of Zahner’s, a family-owned men’s and ladies apparel store. In the mid 1980’s he sold his share of the business and started his own upscale men’s clothing store, Craig’s Limited. After 10 years of running his own business, he decided to join the Tom James direct sales organization in 1994. While there, Craig built his sales team, and after a very successful 2001, he earned President’s Club status, and was awarded a trip to Italy.In 2004 he left Tom James to become general manager of the 5th largest Polo Ralph Lauren outlet store in the country, in Wrentham MA. In 2005 Craig was invited to join the team at Trinity Apparel. In addition to his responsibilities as Director of Dealer Support, Craig continues to sell clothing to his loyal clients who have stayed with him through the years. This allows him to experience the same order entry and fulfillment services as Trinity’s customers, enabling Craig to make valuable suggestions to improve the entire order fulfillment process.Craig was born and raised in Ellington, CT. He graduated from the University of Harford in Hartford CT and earned a degree in accounting. He now resides in Rocky Hill CT with his fiancée Michele. He has two sons in their 30’s, a grandson and a granddaughter.Paul GottschalkDirector, Dealer SupportPaul Rego manages Trinity’s intellectual property and technology development. Working with the executive committee and our IT / web development personnel, Paul leads the company’s technology development initiatives focused on providing our customers with the best tools available in the apparel industry for order entry and sales management.Paul lead the development and launch of Trinity’s revolutionary Dynamic Image Merchandising system iDesign STUDIO. In addition to the continual development of STUDIO, Paul is responsible for leading the ongoing improvement of the company’s industry-leading order entry system iDesign WORKFLO. Paul’s experience in men’s apparel began in 1988 in Toronto, Canada where we worked for Harry Rosen, Canada’s luxury men’s wear chain. In 1991 he joined the family’s upscale custom clothing boutique REGO Bespoke Clothiers located next to the Toronto Stock Exchange. In 2002, Paul and his father formed Sartorial Instruments & Technology to launch their invention The Fitter; a measuring device and online software application designed to help retailers obtain professional results selling custom apparel.In 2005, Paul realized the family was better at retailing than attempting to help other retailers, and departed the family business to work at Coppley Apparel Group. Paul’s role was to train the company’s sales force and retail customers on fitting and measuring best practices. In 2009 Paul decided to move to the United States to launch a custom shirt line TOUCH, which was recently sold to Ballin. Paul joined Trinity Apparel Group in 2011. He now resides in Jacksonville, FL with his wife Nathalie and their 4 cats. When he’s not trying to figure out how Trinity can continue to revolutionize the custom apparel sales experience, he enjoys the sunshine while playing at Florida’s numerous golf courses.CLOTHIERSTrinity serves a global network of direct clothiers who possess a wealth of knowledge in the custom apparel arena. They provide personalized tailoring services, most often, by appointment in their client’s home or office. These clothiers appreciate Trinity’s technology, speed, and unequaled garment options.Their services include design, merchandising, and wardrobe planning. They understand fabrics and fit. Many perform color analysis and overall image consulting. Their clients maintain a professional image by being impeccably dressed and offering tremendous personalization and convenience.Request Clothier AccountTAILORSAmong Trinity’s dealer network are esteemed tailors with the ability to produce their own clothing, yet they choose Trinity as a supplier because of the sophisticated but easy order system, fabric offering, quality, and value.In today’s fast-paced world, it can be difficult for a tailor to keep up with production while servicing customers. Trinity offers an alternative they can be proud of enabling them to achieve sales growth while maintaining satisfied customers.Request Tailor AccountRETAILERSTrinity is the choice of select upscale retail merchants who are market leaders. They require quality of the highest level, luxurious fabrics, and the ability to privately brand their garments. Trinity provides these progressive merchants the capacity to associate their private brand with storied fabrics such as Dormeuil, Loro Piana, Vitale Barberis Canonico, and others.Trinity currently ships to the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and United Arab Emirates. The Trinity platform is a profitable opportunity for agents any place that the Internet is accessible in markets not currently served.If you have extensive experience in the apparel or textile industries and would like to learn more about becoming a distributor for Trinity Apparel Group, request an agent opportunity package.Request Agent AccountTestimonialsTESTIMONIALSI am probably iDesign Studio’s biggest fan. I’ve already sold two Sportcoats by sending pics from my iPad. I also had a new young customer last week who told me that once we get his first garment fitted, he will buy a ton of clothing and all I will have to do is send him pics by email! It is perfect for showing guys the “tricked out” shirts. I am using it every day, and keep in mind my wife calls me Fred Flintstone when it comes to technology.Thanks again,Jeff MurphyJ Murphy ClothingI want to thank you for the amazing work you’ve done to give us iDesign Studio. This is a game changer. The first time I had one of my best customers say "make up those three jackets and email them to me" I realized I had a powerful tool in my hand. He was asking me to (virtually) make up three or four jackets from the Dorsilk folder so he could see which ones he wanted to buy. He loved it, and so did I. This customer buys lots of plain suits, but didn't have a comfort level looking at patterned Sportcoat fabrics. With Studio, he decided on two he liked when he saw what they would look like...and he wanted the shirts I used in the images as well.As you know I'm a big fan of what Trinity does for my business. Trinity allows me to run my production, planning, marketing, and customer service all in the cloud, and makes it look like I have a group of MIT software engineers working for me behind the scenes making sure I have the coolest and most effective tools in the industry, and eliminates all the “paperwork” too.Keep up the good work.Sincerely,Alan VinsonJT Vinson Co.I wanted to share my 1st experience using iDesign Studio during an appointment!Client called & said I need couple of sport coats. I did some “homework” for him - put together 5 complete outfit images on my tablet. I shared the photos with him and he picked three! I asked if he needed a black blazer and created a blazer outfit with the Nickel Griffin buttons right in front of him & his wife - “I‘ll take it too. And can you make a blazer for my new associate?”Needless to say, one can increase their average transaction quickly! Pictures are worth a thousand words....I‘d say they're worth a few thousand dollar$!!!!Thanks for changing the way men visually buy their clothes....It DEFINITELY works!Blessings!Jonathan EhrhardtJ Ehrhardt ClothingI wanted to pass along my testimonial regarding iDesign Studio; it has been profusely productive for me and has resulted in 12k in sales within the first two weeks and is laying the groundwork for more revenue. The ability to distance me from my competitors and provide an extremely professional image to my clientele has completely changed the landscape of my business and value proposition. I have received rave reviews from some of my most successful clients.This is one business tool that provides immediate monetary return on time invested. I highly recommend this technology to any dealer who wants to work smarter and not harder. Thank you for your continued efforts to be the leader in the garment supplier marketplace.Enthusiastically,Mark B. FonsecaFonseca ClothiersI am delighted to be working with Trinity Apparel Group. Trinity has been very supportive in helping me run my business the way I want. They provide a quality product with impeccable customer service and continually give their dealers access to more tools to be powerful, successful entrepreneurs. I’ve just started using the iDesign STUDIO system and I know this software will revolutionize the way I do business. I feel very grateful to be working with such a forward thinking, supportive manufacturing company.Sincerely,Mary Beth Manchin.Manchin Inc.TECHNOLOGYiDesign OnlineiDesign is Trinity’s brand dedicated to online software development designed to assist our customers in the pursuit of their business goals. Online technology provides our customers access to their important information on any computer or device, whether it is their own or a customer’s device, offering the convenience of being able to work virtually anywhere.Today’s clothing professional knows the value of time and utilizes technology effectively to sell efficiently, maximizing the customer’s time as well. Trinity is committed to developing solutions to help our customers improve their efficiency. We aim to give our customers what nobody else can… more time to conduct business!Currently, the iDesign family consists of two products:iDesign StudioiDesign STUDIO – our revolutionary “Dynamic Image Merchandising” (DIM) system enablec Clothiers to create images of garments on demand, before a single stitch has been sewn.iDesign STUDIO is our revolutionary “Dynamic Image Merchandising” (DIM) system that enables clothiers to create images of garments on demand, before a single stitch has been sewn.Imagine the expense associated with conducting a photo shoot for only 12 outfits: ordering the clothes, hiring a model, hiring a stylist to either style the model or mannequin, photographer, equipment, etc. DIM means you have the power of doing a “Photo-Shoot-on-Demand” anytime you want, with any of our fabrics.You can email images of your outfit creations to your clients directly from STUDIO or save them to your computer or iPad for offline display when an Internet connection is not available.iDesign WORFKLO is the most robust, and flexible ordering system in the custom apparel industry.It allows our customers to define and save their favorite model presets for recall with any customer.Choose from hundreds of styling options to design unique garments with character, or organize your on screen work flow to display only the core styling details that are important to you.iDesign WORKFLO gives you the ability to save a customer measurement profile, track orders, review previous orders, and copy previous orders to start a new one that only requires minor adjustments to complete the order.