Violence against womenArticles (1 - 20 of 29)Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his state and territory counterparts have promised a stronger national response to violence against women – but will they deliver? Stefan Postles/AAP21 April 2015Women sharing their accounts of violence against them, and its aftermath, can be powerful. Feminism has long since taught us that personal experiences of violence, when shared collectively, can transcend…Teenagers' opinions about when violence is acceptable or not can be influenced by the way they perceive men and women and the relationships between them. Simply telling young people that violence is wrong…A convicted rapist is no role model for this young fan. Darren Staples/Reuters23 October 2014The persistence of violence against women across the globe is well documented, but what part do sports play in gendered aggression? It seems shocking to claim that sports and violence against women are…Ray Rice has been suspended indefinitely from the NFL for domestic violence. Wallstreethotrod22 October 2014Another day, another headline about a sports player and domestic violence. LA Kings player Slava Voynov was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence on October 19, and has been suspended by the NHL…The alarming aspect of today’s survey findings is that younger Australians aged 16 to 25 were more likely to hold attitudes that excuse or trivialise sexual assault. AAP/Newzulu/Gail Orenstein17 September 2014Results from the National Community Attitudes Towards Violence Against Women (NCAS) 2013 Survey have been released today by VicHealth, and there is reason to be concerned about Australians' attitudes to…Until recently, violence against women was not reported prominently or consistently by mainstream media. Why not? Dave Malkoff4 August 2014Did the grim story of dapper real estate agent Gerard Baden-Clay’s calculated murder of his wife Allison in April 2012, played out recently in a Brisbane court with a life sentence, make you feel afraid…Gerard Baden-Clay’s murder of his wife Allison has helped put the spectre of domestic violence firmly back in the national spotlight. How prevalent is it? AAP/Dan Peled3 August 2014Once a hidden crime, domestic violence has in recent years emerged as a mainstream criminal justice issue in Australia. Cases such as Queensland man Gerard Baden-Clay’s murder of his wife Allison and the…Violence against women can be fostered in the workplace. Flickr/BenThompson4 July 2014“How do you describe it? What alphabet do you employ? What words? What language? What silence, what scream?” The late Jacob Rosenberg, author and poet, poses these questions in explaining the evil of the…Pistorius trial has kept violence against women on the frontpage. Kim Ludbrook/EPA14 May 2014Who is responsible for violence towards women? This question runs like a thread through some of the public discourses swirling around the trial of athlete Oscar Pistorius. In some ways he represents an…Violence towards girls is trivialised and normalised from an early age. Ratterrell17 March 2014The latest European survey on violence towards women did the usual rounds with the same old figures when it was released earlier in the month. One in three women have experienced abuse in their lifetime…Violence against women cuts across cultural and socioeconomic divides, but certain aspects of class do have a bearing on developing effective strategies of prevention. buttet/Shutterstock9 March 2014The Conversation is running a series, Class in Australia, to identify, illuminate and debate its many manifestations. Here, Anastasia Powell considers the role of class in the complex of contributing factors…Women in Poland stand up against violence. EPA/Bartolomiej Zborowski6 March 2014It was simultaneously heartening and dispiriting to see the release of a survey by the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA) on the prevalence of violence against women in Europe. Dispiriting…The UK’s justice system has failed to protect rape complainants from harm. Valerie Everett27 February 2014In the space of just over a year, two women in Greater Manchester have killed themselves because of their experiences as complainants in sexual offences cases. The challenge this poses to the criminal…The release of a Thomson Reuters poll on women’s rights in the Arab world has been greeted with incredulity by many in Egypt, the country that ranked at the very bottom. When polls such as this emerge…