The History BombBecause you fell asleep in history class, The History Bomb seeks to rectify that by telling you all about the fun, awesome, cool, or just downright damn interesting things your teachers missed out on. And then there's the podcast.By Ann StachowskiFirst, though, I want to address the individuals who ditched HB because of my article: Sorry you didn't like it. Now stop being part of the problem. Not like you're reading this anyway, so I guess I'm just talking to myself. Bueller? Bueller?(In case any of you forgot why I'm doing this, my five year old nephew asked about slavery.)So, greed. The ugly green money-monster that leads to stomping on people to get more money. In this case, literally stomping.The influence of greed initially showed up in early Virginia, where indentured servitude was the norm for forced labor. Indentured servitude, on paper, sounded like a good deal for the indentured servants. The deal was simple: A rich person pays your (shitty) passage from Britain to the colonies, and in exchange, you would work for them for seven years or so to pay off the cost of your travel. After that period, you would be free to go off and build your own life.It hardly ever worked that way, though. Once tobacco established itself as the cash crop of Virginia, indentured servants found themselves worked to death. On top of being worked to death, the rich men who held indentured servants' contracts could trade them as chattel until the end of their seven year term.And then, once the indentured servant died or their term expired, the landowner had to pay for another person's passage and start the process over. On top of that expense, landowners were expected to house and feed their indentured servants, training them and generally treating them as subjects of the British crown should be treated.That cost way too much money. So landowners started importing Africans, which was much cheaper. Then they made slavery a lifelong condition, so they didn't have to keep paying out for new workers every few years. And THEN they set up matrilineal slavery, so they could just wait for enslaved people to have babies and get new workers for free! And, instead of hiring white overseers to abuse the enslaved people for money, they could bribe one of the enslaved people to do it for favors.See, this is where things get muddy with causation. As discussed last week, matrilineal slavery and slavery for life were also inextricably linked to the White Man's Burden and the Christian missionary desire to convert all non-Christians and guide them on the righteous path to Heaven. I swear, that was not a sarcastic sentence. Just a long one.So once slavery as a legal institution ended, that was the end of it, right? No more white landowners exploiting trodden on Africans and African Americans with legalized oppression for financial benefit?Not so much.Enter sharecropping and Jim Crow! Sharecropping was the economic system where white landholders parceled out land to freedmen, who were allowed to farm the land for a share of their crop. Hence the name. Sharecropping. Again, on paper, not a bad system. In reality, not so much, again. Landowners would charge the freedmen for seed, tools, housing, clothing, etc. If they could have charged for the air to breathe, they would have. This resulted in the freedmen being bound by debt to that landowner, unable to work off the debt and be able to leave the land.Pair this with Jim Crow laws, which had restrictions on the gathering and movement of freedmen, and you have slavery and the Black Codes, all over again.Mind you, this shit didn't end until well after World War II.At the same time as all this, Jim Crow criminalized basic existence for freedmen: a black man could be arrested for standing on the street, or not moving to the side quickly enough to get out of a white person's way, or, God forbid, look at a white woman.The result of all this was an over-stuffing of Southern prisons with black males. What to do, what to do?Oh, I know! Sell them!Seriously. Sell them. To farms, to mines, to factories, to railroads. Hard, forced labor. Until the end of their sentence, which was usually after they died. The farms, mines, factories, railroads, etc, “leased” these convicts for a small amount of money to the county, so those in need of labor saved money, and those with an excess of freedmen got money. This created a cycle of fabricated arrests of freedmen so that a county could get more money, because why have full jails and freedmen threatening the pallor of your streets if you could make money? The answer: Let's make money!Now, before you start on how this was a long time ago (here comes a segue!), it still hasn't ended. From the convict leasing system grew the for-profit prison industry. The for-profit prison industry recruited the same law officers and court officials who supported convict leasing, so the cycle continued. As sharecropping ended and urban ghettos formed, the law enforcement efforts shifted focus from the war on loiterers to the War on Drugs. This continued the black-focused policing and arrest trends from sharecropping and Jim Crow's precedents. Once inside a for-profit prison, inmates are subject to poor treatment, abuse, and involuntary labor. That sounds familiar!Current incarceration trends have also continued as a social control method, as convicts, even when released, are legally discriminated against in the job market, public assistance, education and political process via voting restrictions. This leaves a larger share of jobs, public assistance, housing, education, and political action available for non-Black citizens. Judges have been removed from the bench and lawyers disbarred for accepting bribes for harsh prison sentences for new convicts from the corporations running America's for-profit prisons.As for how to word this for a five year old, I'm at a loss. I'm at a loss to understand it in words appropriate for a mid-twenty-something or other person over the age of majority. So, Sis in law, Cuz, everyone, good luck.My five year old nephew asked about slavery.I still don't get it. But I keep trying. I keep educating myself. And I keep trying to figure out how to act and think in such a way to short-circuit America's racial hierarchy when opportunities are presented to me.Next week: Fear and Racism in America.Sources Include:Alexander, Michelle. The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness. New York: The New Press, 2012.Ann graduated with Bachelors degrees in history and psychology and a Master of Arts in History from SUNY Brockport. Her historical interests range from intercultural interactions in Early America to the religious crises in Europe, and her masters thesis focused on the Confederacy during the American Civil War. Ann currently lives in Philadelphia with her husband, cat, and many toy dinosaurs.The History BombBecause you fell asleep in history class, The History Bomb seeks to rectify that by telling you all about the fun, awesome, cool, or just downright damn interesting things your teachers missed out on. And then there's the podcast.