I’m going to ask Admin to close me as a Member, again, I’ve not been able to find a way yet to do myself.This may not interest you or perhaps you give a sigh of relief and think at least SEE3 will be given a break.On reflection, I’m feeling a bit fed up with Sydenham. My most recent post about Bus 202 route I regret too, my apology is in Town Asylum.Recently Admin and I met for the first time. Initiated since I had breached confidentiality when I posted emails to me from Jonathan Kaufman (SAF). But we didn’t end up discussing that.He asked me if I’d be interested in helping to create a local web site. This would be a platform to support and promote new and existing businesses. My first thought was to revitalise SEE3’s website so build on that. I mentioned that Michael thinks it’s important to build on existing and I have said the same or echoed that.Admin though wanted to create a new one or build on one which was related to STF but has since been lost.Therefore discussed this. It was interesting, a few ideas emerged and on the same day 3 Feb got back to him by email with an outline of how we could move forward. My background is design and business, his IT – a potentially good combination.I was offering to get started immediately, it was going to require a lot of my time and let him know workwise that this was a good opportunity to use because I’m quiet during Feb. I was also offering continuous time spent to interview retailers, feature them on the site and generally keep it updated with news.Sent my new website design due to be implemented shortly plus he is aware of my main client, so will know that I need to work to a high standard.Admin didn’t get back to me.I have tried re-contacting too. Possibly this is due to my comments on the Bus 202 thread which he locked. Here I know that I was in the wrong and have apologised in Town Asylum. I was describing anti-social behaviour but I know that I shouldn’t have made that link to Zanzibar Club.I won’t speak further on that subject in case I make things worse.Admin, seemed to me like a really good person who I knew already tries to maintain a neutral position on the Forum. Threads I start or contribute to are often locked but I have respected the reasons. However, after spending 90 or so mins with Admin I would say he has pretty strong prejudices and asked leading questions as if we might agree. For example, what do I think about Inkwa the tattoo shop? He really doesn’t like tattoos.I don’t have one nor do I plan but explained that I’m extremely impressed with their signage and the number of interesting, diverse events they hold to engage the community. These are well attended too. And they have been able to achieve this without any SEE3 funding.We were at OTH, I commented on the commissioned graffiti opposite, which is getting tattier (sp?) by the day. Admin would not enter into any discussions about SEE3.Yet this is why Admin suggested we met to discuss problems and find solutions. If I understood correctly then he doesn’t think it’s important for us to achieve a proper evaluation from them. When I started to speak on this I was met with silence.This is business and when there is huge unaccountable expenditure, a poor interpretation of the key objectives from the outset alongside a questionable skill set then it’s very difficult, however diplomatic to not name those in charge. Particularly when SEE3 have a history of not communicating with us and when they do try have poor uptake, do not have capacity to engage. The Forum is one route and SAF fail there too. Add Chris Best – no one hardly bothers to read their posts.Admin- has previously contradicted me on this but you only need to look at No of Views yourself. Do a search, there are very limited views.I think that Admin is trying to be friends with too many people. I’ve offered to contribute straightaway, outlined exactly what I would do. But if this needs to go via some boring, narrow minded consultation then count me out.Admittedly I’m a bit down on Sydenham due to SEE3 promises but there are parts I like and really hope it develops further.Joanna, if I was you I wouldn't even bother with this anymore. We know as we tried and it pointless, we even held a trader meeting at The shop what a waste of time. sydenham will be forever stuck untill more independent people will do there own thing and The people of sydenham will be more supportive. sydenham have The potential to be something / somewhere great myb it will happen one day..... Miss T / inkwa tattoosI did. I do not feel it is useful to counter other stuff so I won't. All I will say is I tried to assist and failed. Hence I have, as Joanne requested, de-activated her account. I'm sorry it had to end that way.If anybody else is interested in anything I can do in re-vitalising Sydenham (hello MissT) I'm only a PM away.