iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection.We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download and subscribe to Join Up Dots with David Ralph I Humorous Business Conversations With Successful Entrepeneurs by David Ralph - Humorous Business Interviews With Entrepreneurs such as Jack Canfield, Pat Flynn (SPI), Tom Ziglar, with inspiration from Steve Jobs, Oprah Winfrey, Richard Branson, Anthony Tony Robbins,, get iTunes now.To listen to an audio podcast, mouse over the title and click Play. Open iTunes to download and subscribe to podcasts.DescriptionJoin Up Dots is an inspirational podcast created for the entrepreneur, adventure seeker, small business builder, money lover, lifestyle chaser, or dreamer. In fact anyone searching for financial freedom, but unsure of the path to take will love this show, as David Ralph delivers entrepreneurial business advice direct to your eardrums on every episode. Each guest enters into a free flowing conversation filled with humour, motivation, inspiration and powerful stories as they look back over their life, and in the words of the master entrepreneur Steve Jobs...join the dots that has led them to their own area of business or lifestyle success.NameDescriptionReleasedPrice1366: Leon Logothetis: Crossing The World On A Sense Of WonderIt's with great delight that we bring onto the show today a man who had a similar background to myself. He began his career in the City Of London as a broker, and after a period of time knew that his time had come, to go after what lights him up...This is a bonus episode explaining the reasons to why the shows format has changed and what it means to you the listener. I truly appreciate the way you connect with the show and I look forward to providing more of the content that you want moving forwardTodays guest is a lady who when it comes to looking good, and feeling great she has it down big time. She has her fingers on the pulse on what it takes to make ladies feel good about themselves. Which, coming from a house full of ladies like I do,...Todays guest is a lady who for many years has travelled the world reporting on the issues that affect women and girls across the globe. Many of them being harrowing treatment, abuse, rape and unneeded suppression. She is a Human rights activist,...Sometimes you can't see the path that you should be on, even though you are on the right path. And that seems to be the case with todays guest on Join Up Dots, who started working in an environment just as a job, and then found that he loved the very...Today's guest is a lady that I heard on a show, and loved the passion for life, and the leap of faith that she took so dramatically. Several years ago, she was diagnosed with clinical depression and suffering from drug addictions, eating disorders...Todays guest was born and raised in Long Island, New York, and became a graduate of Yale University in 2004 where she gained a B.A, with distinction in Latin American Studies. And according to her profile she then began working straight afterwards as...Todays guest is someone who is marching on with his life, with something that many of us would consider a huge hindrance. In fact a total game stopper. He is a totally blind business owner, blogger, sometimes podcaster, and newly self published...Today's guest is a man who started really making momentum in his life in the simplest of ways. He heard a quote that we have heard so many times in life, and more than once on Join Up Dots and this time he was ready for the message. At the beginning...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is going to give us a different perspective to a story which we have already told back on a previous episode of Join Up Dots. His girlfriend and business partner Julie Gohring, came on the show on episode 330, and told us...Born in the city of Fayetteville, North Carolina, our guest today is a singer, songwriter, mother and wife. And a musician, who is looking to inspire the world with the power of her voice. And when you hear her voice, you can tell that she is...Today guest on Join Up Dots is an author who has written several books looking at the way that we operate in the realms of personal development. Winning many raving fans, who lap up his easy conversational style, he breaks down the kind of issues...Just recently it was a delight to be asked to be a guest on a really fun show to do called "Conversations with a Genius" Yep, I know don't ask, but suffice to say that they didn't check me out well enough and I managed to crawl under the wire and get...Todays guest on Join Up Dots has a story that so many ladies, and I suppose men can resonate with. For many years she has battled with the issue that many people struggle with each time they look into the mirror. Her body did not look like how she...Todays guest taps into something on a daily basis that we also talk about on a daily basis. The connection between being an adult and the child we once were. You see, as we discuss on Join Up Dots there was once a time in our life, when we free and...Todays guest is a man who for over a decade chased the Hollywood Dream. Hustling like mad as a writer to get that breakthrough that would make everything possible in his life However he hit a crisis point on New Year’s Eve of The Millennium...There comes a time with doing a show like Join Up Dots, when you meet someone who starts off as purely a guest and then they become a personal friend, and that is certainly the case with todays guest. Back on episode 93 of Join Up Dots, he spoke with...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady that I was told three or four times "Have you had her on the show now" And looking back through the archives I realised with shame that I hadn't, so it with delight that she is now. As she is a lady that can...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who believes each person is potentially an expert in something. So he mentors and trains professionals, small business owners and anyone who wants to build their expert platform, on how to more effectively build...Todays guest joins a select band of guests who have appeared on the show more than once. She joined up her dots in her life, way back on episode 125, where she shared how she had found her thing in life and worked towards being a player-coach,...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who has been a small business owner for the last 18 years, and has learnt the hard way that to allow a business to thrive,. He believes that this means as much allowing the owner to thrive than anything...Todays guest has come onto the show to share his story, as he works towards the life that he truly wants. Perhaps, he is already at that point already, and he can't believe that his life can get any better either. Starting his career in the...Todays guest is a man who is really going after it in a big way. With five multimillion-dollar business success stories to his name in industries as vastly different as telecommunication, construction, and nationally accredited education,...343: Austin Netzley: Living A Fantasy Life But Laying Every Brick HimselfI love it when you start researching a guest to have them on Join Up Dots, and you see a huge amount of facts on their about page, not least a big square "It all begins with mind-set" Well todays guest has a history that so many of us will resonate...342: Tim Conley: Working When He Wants, Where He Wants, And Having The DreamlifeTodays guest is known as one of the top direct response marketing consultants in the startup and online entrepreneurship communities. He’s famous for generating for his clients six and seven figure revenue breakthroughs, and doubling their time...I have been looking forward to todays show for awhile now, as I am fascinated by what makes people push out of their comfort zones and literally go to the extreme of that point. Why do people feel driven to drag themselves across climates that not...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady who is inspiring the world to tackle issues that could affect all of us in our lives. Hopefully it doesn’t, but if it does then she has shown that it shouldn’t be the end of our lives, but...Todays guest is a man who has been helping clients from varied industries get their businesses to the top of search engines for quite awhile. With an eye for design, strategy, and incredible expertise, together with his team they will create a...Todays guest is someone who has been shooting for the stars since beginning his professional life. You see he started his career as a pilot for the Republic of Singapore Air Force, and from 1980 until 2006, would run around shouting in best Top Gun...Throughout his successful career as an engineer for Boeing, NASA and the US Army, our guest today spent forty years of his own time researching the philosophies of ancient wisdom, and many other schools of thought to answer the fundamental questions...Todays guest on join up dots, is a lady with a very different story to what you might have heard on join up dots. But that is of course what we try to do very hard. Give a voice to different tales, that some might say are strange, others might think...Todays guest is an award-winning author, adventurer and sustainability campaigner specializing in human-powered expeditions. Now if you don't you what this means, just remember the last time you thought you would pop to the shops, and you think "I'll...Todays guest, willing to spends some time with us Joining up dots, first began his working life as a sales professional in the technology industry after graduating from Miami University (OH) with a degree in Marketing and Entrepreneurship. And as he...333: Lauran Star: The Bus Driver Takes The World On The Ultimate JourneyTodays guest has a wonderful tale of how she got to her point of success today. Starting probably as far away as she could from the motivational, success fuelled powerhouse she is today, who inspires ladies across the world to stop surviving and...I am delighted to have todays guest on the show, as this man really sold himself to me, with an amazingly detailed email summarising his life asking to come on the show. And believe me, if I had known about him beforehand, he wouldn't have needed to...Todays guest on Join Up Dots, is a teacher, a mom, student of life, a speaker, bestselling author, eTV host, former radio host, executive coach, and mentor. But before you think that this is a lady who mentors you by helping you find the “Inner...It is very lucky that we have todays guest on the show, as quite simply its rare that we can get her away from the beach. Yep, she loves nothing more than frolicking around in the surf and the sand, whilst earning an income at the same time. I know...329: Brennan Dunn: Buildings Towards His Best Launch By Years Of Scraped KneesTodays guest has lived in the world of freelancing for quite a few years, since starting on what we like to call the Slide of Faith Yep, todays guest didn't take the old leap of faith, but instead did lots of after work hours. He came home...Todays guest was one of the first people I ever heard interviewed on a show way back in the early days Of The Solopreneur Hour with Michael O’Neal. So its an absolute delight to get him finally to start joining up his dots with us here...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a remarkable lady who has been introduced to the show by the brilliant Cathy O'Dowd who appeared on the show way back on episode 88. Now this episode is going to get us all thinking about what is possible in...Today's guest has been involved in the online world since before Google was even thought off....yes, hard to believe, but way back in 1994 she was operating as an Internet Sales Advisor. Teaching early pioneers how to make money from eBooks, products...325:Michelle Patterson: A Lady Teaching Us All To Show Up And Keep GoingToday's guest is a lady who believes totally in the mission that she started back in, well actually it seems like something that has been in her since a small girl. She is driven by the belief that everyone has something significant to contribute and...324: Elizabeth Lucas-Averett: Finding Belief From Upside Down On A SurfboardTodays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady who I got introduced to by the wonderful Neen James that you would have heard back on episode 258 of Join Up Dots She said David..."you have to get this hot chick on your show...she is amazing!" Well I'm not...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a beautiful lady who wants the world to realise that we need to break the good girl rules, and to become authentic to ourselves. In short stop playing the roles that people expect you to play, and instead be who you...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man with huge faith in his religion and also himself. He is an a family man, with pure hustle muscle running through him, and a desire to take on many different roles in his life. Growing up in Texas, he has, since...I love doing this job, as you get to speak to people like todays guests. And for so many people who are out there looking for the straight road to success this is a guest who has firmly been on the winding curve, some might say the squiggly route to...Todays guest is an English author, who believes totally that "Small Habit Changes Lead To Massive Results Over Time." But he didn't start his career by putting pen to paper, and delivering book after book to the shelves of Amazon and other popular...319: Michael O'Neil: From Accidental Entrepreneur To The LinkedIn RockstarWell it's not often that you read on a persons LinkedIn profile such bit of essential business building information such as "I'm interested in muscle cars, classic rock (Pink Floyd, The Eagles), vinyl records, the ocean, sunshine, Apple products...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is an amazing lady with such a huge heart, and the drive to tackle the kind of challenges that would make me quite simply climb back into bed. Shortly she is going to start rowing herself around the British Isles on the...Todays guest is one of those that I feel we will need to have on the show more than once. The first time, in true Join Up Dots fashion we need to delve deeply into what makes the man tick and discover how he went from being an employee to the creator...Todays guest is a man who when it comes to starting a business, and taking it to huge success is really in the zone. He knows that when there is a risk to take, to give himself a chance of achieving his dreams, he will find that risky thing and...Todays guest is the go to expert if you have a desire to place your words onto paper and become a published author He is an author, journalist and publisher, and his book 'Turning your knowledge into income' shares his philosophy that we all...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who seems to have cracked it big-time, and knows exactly what he was put on this planet to do. And his mission is to make us the healthiest version of what we can be and live an amazing life everyday But unlike...Todays guest is someone who I'll be honest I didn't realise his backstory when I first knew that he was going to be a guest on the show. I had seen his name as someone who believes that he can radically change all of our lives, so I had an impression...312: Joseph De Sena: A True Spartan Changing Lives, Minds And The GlobeTodays guest has kindly given up their time to come on and inspire the world with their story and passions for tackling the big things in life. And his life has seemed a constant state of having the best and worst that life can throw at you, but...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man with a fascinating and somewhat intriguing branding of "The Suited Monk" Now if you are thinking "I can't remember the last time I saw a monk in a suit?" then let me explain more. How many times have you...310: Jack Canfield: Showing Us The Success Principles Of The Modern AgeTodays guest quite simply needs no introduction, but hey what kind of host would I be if I didn’t build him up for the big entrance? Well lets start with saying its rare that you will see a bookshelf or a library that doesn’t have one of...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady who like many of us had a path to where she is today, which was full of the kind of dots that you can't see at the time, but become crystal clear much later on in life. She is the Creative designer at the design...308: Amber Lilyestrom: The Lady With The Magic Scissors Cuts Another StringTodays guest in an expert on branding a business to reflect personally your own identity. She is of total belief that the personality of a business should be linked intrinsically with that of the owner. If you are a serious and professional type...307: Laura Steward: How She Wanted To Go To Space, But Is Now Hitting Even Higher Heights!It's with great delight that I welcome on todays show a lady who is the a author of a very cool book called, What Would a Wise Woman Do: Questions to Ask Along the Way. But don't think for a moment that this is a show that will only apply to the...Todays guest started his first business when he was 15, and found himself like so many people broke, stressed and discouraged by the age of 22. He had tried to be successful and he it didn't work, so he gave up and decided that a life of success...305: Therese Skelly: A Lady Who Changed Her Life With The Keys To A NissanTodays guest on Join Up Dots is a lovely lady, who was introduced to me by another lovely lady Joan Sotkin who appeared on episode 242. She said to me "David you have to get my friend on the show, she has hustle, passion, and enthusiasm coming out of...304: Diane Helbig: A Lady Not Just Seizing The Day, But Every Second TooTodays guest on Join Up Dots could have been taken straight from that classic movie "Dead Poets Society" as her mantra in life and her company name is "Seize This Day" "Carpe Diem" is the way forward if you want to have a kick ass life, both...303: Allen Vaysberg: A Man Who Changed Direction Four Times Until ArrivingTodays guest is a man who I knew that I had to have him on Join Up Dots, when I see the quote "Life isn't searching for perfection — Life IS perfection in itself!" attributed to himself. Its a really interesting point to make. Is it about...Todays guest is one of the people that has set his stall out to look good feel good and help the world look good too. I hope he doesn't mind me saying this but he is around seventy years old and has the most amazing body I have seen a man of his age...Not too many people can say life was nice and easy for them growing up. But our guest on Join Up Dots will tell you his life wasn't extremely hard as a young adult, but it definitely wasn't easy either. Surrounding himself with groups of friends...300: Chris Plough: A Man Who Has Switched Off His Life GPS And Loves It!Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who not only has an amazing demonstration of facial hair, but also has an amazing passion for life, adventure and enjoying himself. He calls himself an adventurer, entrepreneur and a storyteller and is being...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a lovely lady who has a wonderful mission in her life. She wants to bring hope, passion and enthusuisam to those kids who feel that life is a place of darkness and where they have nothing in front of them but a certain...When I started the show, I never considered that I would be having conversations on certain subjects, but todays episode is one of those that has arisen a few times. It is something that most of us have spent time doing when we were young, but stop...Todays guest is a lady who has been involved in the music industry since the age of five when she started belting out the tunes in musical ensembles around where she lived, and I guess grabbing hold of that hair brush in her bedroom like all small...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a lovely lady who from her core, believes that we can all have a lovely life. She loves nothing more than teaching the world the tools to find our life bliss. Yes, come on listeners if you have only got one thing from...295: Michael Modzelewski: Living Everyday As If It’s His Last On EarthTodays guest has an amazing story of a life living on his terms. Making decisions that for many will have seemed huge and almost undoable. Growing up in Cleveland, Ohio where his father played professional football with the Browns, he ...Todays guest is one of those guests that might seem easy to pigeonhole when you first look at him. But once you start digging down, you realise that there is so much more to him than most other artists operating within his creative area. A native...293: Danny Flood: A Man Loving His Freedom And The Cake He Is Eating TooTodays guest is the co-founder of OpenWorld, the world's #1 resource for active lifestyle creators. What that means is instead of finding a job to fund your lifestyle, you create your lifestyle and then find ways to fund it. If you want to be an...Todays guest is the kind of person that I haven’t had on the show since way back on episode 18, a teacher. And not an entrepreneural ex-teacher, but one that is still on a daily basis going to school and teaching his pupils history. Seems like...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is one of those people that when you start reading his about page you think..."Is this real or has he made it up?" When it starts with, "he spent 10 years in the former Soviet Union investigating the Russian mafia and...Todays guest is a lady who has one of the most harrowing histories that I have read about for a guest on Join Up Dots. If you think of something bad that could happen to someone then she will have ticked it off her list. Being the youngest of five...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who asked himself a brilliant question, and now helps others across the world to answer the very same question. "What do I want to be when I grow up?" Which is one of those things that we consider a lot when we...Todays guest is an author who has a story that really resonated with me when I read his backstory. In fact so many of us will resonate with his tale, as it is one about unfulfilled dreams, held back, not by lack of talent, but lack of belief. As he...Todays guest is a lady who has had many careers in her life, so it will be of great interest to discover if she feels what she is doing now is THE thing. The thing that she was always meant to do. Born in East Chicago Heights, Illinois she was...How many times have you thought...."I've left it too late", "I am where I am"....or the worse "Getting the dreamlife is for others"? Well todays episode of Join Up Dots should make you think again and realise it's never too late. The question is how...Todays guest is an amazingly positive lady, who found her life turned around at the age of 50 when many are looking forward to a life of good health into their later years. She received the diagnosis that she was a victim of Parkinsons disease, which...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady that has been delivering musical performances to the world since the age of seven, and I can imagine was belting them out in her bedroom even earlier than that too. She grew up on a farm in Missouri, and could...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who is literally driven to change the attitudes of the world and help us to make courage decisions and lead from the front. In 1990, after serving for two years as Assistant Executive Director for Sigma Nu...Todays guest began finding his path when he was an undergraduate, when he began work studying scalar energy. He was inspired by various scientists, Nikola Tesla being the man one, as to the existence of an energy that is not of the electromagnetic...Some women are go-getters. Some women are business-minded. Some women use their struggles as building blocks for their success. Todays guest does all of these things. Born in Barbados but raised in South Carolina she had her fair share of ups and...Todays guest is a man who it appears has brought together the last few years of his employment history to create a hugely positive online resource for the world to savour. Yes, he is the host of the Natural Born Coaches podcast, whereby he brings the...Coming originally from Dallas, but now living blissfully on several acres of Pennsylvania countryside, todays guest knows a thing or two about living great, feeling great, and doing things naturally. Over the last few years he has worked enlightening...Todays show on Join Up Dots is all about perseverance, talent, struggle, and ultimate success. A man who has got to the top in his chosen career, and is now a World Guinness Book Of Records Holder too. Back in 1998, he broke the worlds record for...Todays guest has certainly been on a roller-coaster ride to where she now find herself today. From a privileged background to alone and broke at 16; successful, high flying corporate career to entrepreneurial burnout at 35; wealth to near bankruptcy...Todays guest is brought onto the show to share with us a story that so many have felt in the past. That dawning realisation that the career that you have worked so hard for is beginning to lose its shine. You have been full steam for years, doing...275: Heather Strang: A Lady Who Floats In A Bubble Of Positivity EverydayTodays lady has one of the biggest smiles I have ever seen, and its not surprising to me, as it seems to me that she is someone who has found her thing in life. And when you find your thing in life, you cant stop smiling as everything comes together...Todays guest is someone who has entrepreneurial spirit running through him, and has demonstrated this from an early age. When he was 21 years old, he and his brother Scott started a business in direct sales, which they built to over $20 million in...Hi looking forward to recording with you shortly. If you do have headphones then please use them for superior audio quality. This will not require video. Thanks In 2001, todays guest had everything a beautiful wife two sons, two thriving businesses...272: Kristen Luppenlatz Grech: Showing Us How To Feel Great Whilst At WorkTodays guest is a lady who can help all of us, who spend the bulk of our days sitting in front of a computer, to throw off the aches and pains that besiege us all. She admits to having a compulsion to straighten things in life, from the paper clips...Todays guest on Join Up Dots is a man that I have wanted to have on the show since the beginning. I read these words on his personal blog, even before recording the first show and thought “Yep that is what I want the show to be...270: Selena Soo: A Lady Who Found Life Easy When She Did The Things She LovedTodays guest is a lady who I have wanted to have on the show for quite a while, as she does something on a daily basis that so many people struggle with. She has learnt to beat the fear of reaching out to people that she doesn't personally know, and...Todays guest is a man whose middle name is "Attitude" and works everyday on showing others how the A word is really the key to everything. Well to be honest I don't know if his middle name is Attitude. but it certainly should be. As he says...Todays guest is one of those guests that I love having on the show, because they put so many of us old guys to shame. He is the founder of "Teenager Entrepreneur", an educational and empowerment online membership site that guides teenagers to...Todays guest is a lady who is rocking it bigtime as the President of Padron Social Marketing, which is a relationship-driven social media specialising in strategy, implemtation and analysis. If that doesn't mean anything to you then lets say she is...266: Patrick Allmond: A Man Who Started Believing In Himself And Never Looked BackTodays guest on Join Up Dots is a man who wants the world to buy into a simple statement "Stop Doing Nothing" He wants the world to improve their lives and change the situations that they find themselves in. And as we do everyday on the show, this...Todays guest is a man whose name came up in conversation on a previous episode of Join Up Dots. And not in a "there's this man that I know", kind of way but like "Wow, there is this amazing man who is brilliant at what he does" kind of way. And so I...Todays guest is a master at helping people become entrepreneurial and create businesses that not only work, but flourish. He learned from an early age that he had the ability to see a larger vision and that everything is an opportunity. This was the...Todays guest has a fascinating tale that has lead to a success that many adults might stop for a moment and ponder why and how has that occurred? She is the owner and founder of a skipping club in New York city, whereby she arranges groups of people...Todays guest is a lovely lady who first came to my attention as a listener and friend and colleague of several other guests who have appeared on Join Up Dots who waxed lyrical about her. Starting her journey in Mexico she lived across the border...Do you get scared trying something new? Do you start to wobble if someone asks you to get up in front of people and be authentically yourself? Do you think that you haven't got enough time in a day to make the momentum to work towards something...260: Natalie Eckdahl: Why She Believes Adaptability Is The Key To SuccessTodays guest has been on her journey to todays point since back in 1993, when she first began work as a researcher for Shugoll Research in Maryland, where she spent three years before starting a series of positions leading to her co-founding Schedule...259: Sam Bearfoot: A Lady Who Loves A Bit Of Glitter (& Being 100% Real)When we started Join Up Dots many, many episodes ago, it was my aim to show you all, how different people achieve different things in their lives. Some people quit their nine to five and take a dramatic leap of faith, whilst following their...Todays guest is a lady who can get more done in a day than most people get done in a week. Actually she can get more done in a hour than others do in a week. She is a master at productivity and blitzing though piles of work at a rate of knots, and...Todays show focuses in on transformation, and how we can all change ourselves for the better by making simple choices everyday. Our guest has been helping clients across the world for many years, to take the steps towards awakening our inner...Todays guest is a man who has a thing going on which when I heard about it I knew that I had to have him on the show. How many times have you heard me talk about finding that thing in your life when you literally lose hours at a time. You get so...255: Mindy Gibbins-Klein: The Book Midwife Delivers Dreams To The WorldTodays guest is a lady who is was born in New York and now lives and works from her present home in the United Kingdom and as far as i can see never stops smiling. She is the founder & CEO of The Book Midwife® and Panoma Press, a...254: Isabel Foxen Duke: A Lady Who Didn't Wait To Help Fight The WeightStarting her career in the Corporate world, our guest started her working life as far away from being the kick ass slayer of weight issues that you could possibly hope to be. Working at first for Citibank, she moved through a series of banking...Todays guest is a lady who believes that there is nothing better in life than a good laugh. And although many of us do this, when a close relative falls over, or some other unexpected rib tickler occurs not many of us ever think of bringing this...252: Brad Montgomery: A Man Who Swings Everyday In The Search Of The SweetspotTodays guest is a man who likes nothing more than having a laugh in both his personal and business life. Throw into the mix his love of inspiring people, communicating at a high level, and leaving a lasting impression on everyone that he meets and...Todays guest is a lady who likes nothing better than helping us all on our way to a better life than we presently have. As she says “I was a freelance writer, for a small Sydney magazine, before I realised a dream to help others create the...Todays guest is a lady who from her base in South London, is bringing lightness and a purpose to clients, friends and colleagues everywhere. She is a positive person, who thrives on the simple things in life, and likes nothing more than getting her...Are you someone that likes a laugh in life but sometimes feels that there is a time and a place for it? You will suppress it and keep the stoney face that your bosses or environment seem to want as the normal way of being. Well todays guest is an...Todays guest is a man who is driven to spread the premise of accountability across the world. He believes that we are all looking around for someone else to take control, or someone else to show us the way to the life that we want. Its actually...Most of the time on Join Up Dots I write the intros to the show, by researching many different resources to get a flavour of what the guest is all about. And then every once in a while a guest comes along who basically writes their own intro, and...246: Shawn Collins: A Man Who Has Left A Legacy For The Words Unborn ChildrenTodays show is going to be different from the majority of the Join Up Dots shows that have been delivered to the world so far. But in many ways it has the same traits too. Strength, courage, openness, persistence, creativity and love are in...Todays guest is quite remarkable, and its not just me that says that, but also thousands of people who he has presented to over the last few years. He is a professional speaker, and record breaking businessman, who focuses in on Business mastery and...Todays guest has been on a path for over 45 years, which so many people across the world will be able to resonate with. She was a binge eater. Finding huge comfort and them ultimate distress in her relationship with food. For 45 years, she went...Todays guest is a lady who can call herself a true lady of the globe. Coming originally from Denmark, she grew up in the Scandinavian countryside clambering around the hills and fjords happily, until moving to Paris for three years to live in the...Todays guest is a lady who has been on a journey of success, failure, struggles and self discovery For years, she suffered from a long list of physical, emotional, and financial problems. After giving away all her possessions, an extended spiritual...Todays guest is a lady who from her home in Ellensburg, Washington, is driving the wannabe entrepreneurs and the ones who have already taken the leap to greatness. She will help us find our paths, focus in on our perfect avatars, and create...Todays guest is a man who kindly had me on his amazing show “The Business Of Marriage” back in November 2014, and such a good time we had, well I just had to reciprocate to bring him on my own. He is a man who has so many things...239: Elizabeth Anderson: A Lady Who Believes Her Issues Are A Perfect FitTodays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady with a fascinating but harrowing tale that could affect most of us during our lives. She is a lady who has been forced to deal with an illness that is unseen, hard to diagnose for the majority of people, not...Todays guest is a man who when it comes to building cash flow and attracting wealth into your life is at the top of his game and has been for over 40 years. Many people who are experienced with growth techniques will focus in one demographic:...Todays guest is a lady who is inspired to take bold action everyday to inspire everyone that she meets, to want to take action too. Do the scary things that hold us back from greatness? Challenge the status quo, and find better ways to live for not...Todays guest is a man who has been looking at what makes high performing teams in the corporate world for over 25 years. Is it the leaders that bring everything together, or is it just the combined sum of all the parts that make a team that hums like...It is super to have todays guest on the show, as he is quite simply the nearest to a real life superman that I have ever spoken to. He is a man on a mission, and it is a mission that will take him around the world and inspire the world at the same...Todays guest is a lady who has battled many obstacles in her life to become who she is today. As a child she was diagnosed with heart disease, and then later in her twenties discovered that she was suffering from ulcers too. But as we find time and...Todays guest is a lady who as soon as I heard about her daily hustle and drive to achieve a dream not just for herself, but for eight complete strangers then I knew I had to have her on the show. She is the creator of the My Million To One programme...Have you ever realized that there was a way of life on offer that meant you could link up some buttons on a webpage, target some traffic and wait for money to roll in? I'm sure you have, but getting it to work is a totally different matter...231: Sean Ackerman: A Man Who Whistles Showtunes When The World Is MoaningTodays guest was kind enough to have me as a guest on his amazing new online show "You Leading You" awhile back, and it was clear in the conversation that we are almost the same person. We have such similar backgrounds, inspirations, talents, that we...Have you ever wanted to travel the world, see amazing sights and experience new cultures but thought "Man what would I do with the kids?" Well I know that I have, and I guess mentally I have set my stall out for when they all grow up and leave home,...229: David Kadavy: A Man Who Designed A Life For Himself And The HackersTodays guest is a man who looks like he is having a great time earning an income, building a business and helping start-ups across the globe to become successful. And he seems to be playing to his authentic self, which really is when things start...Todays guest is a lady working in the northern town of Harrogate in the UK, who is the founder of "The Career Farm", where she inspires people across the globe to not look for a career, but instead grow one. You see career farm, growing...yep it all...Todays guest is a man who has an amazing story from a farm in South Africa to Scotland before settling in the United Kingdom. And it seems like so many people who appear on the show, his journey began on a path that was closely linked to family...226: Jennifer Kahnweiler: A Lady Who Leads The Quiet Majority Of The WorldTodays guest is a professional speaker and author who helps introverts lead with quiet confidence. She shows the no shouter, quiet types that they can hold their own in the business world and lead by example Her bestselling books, The...225: Megan Collins: The Style Girlfriend Shows Us Guys The Way To Dress To ImpressTodays guest is the go to lady if you are a guy who likes to look good, but hasn't got the first idea how to pull it off. Or perhaps you are the kind of guy that has a style thing going on, but you are looking for a bit of quick inspiration instead...Todays guest is the founder and CEO of the Piper's Dojo, the number one place to go for all your bagpipe needs. He learned the pipes at age 8 from his father, Bruce, who sent his interested son on to the great Donald Lindsay for lessons by the time...Todays guest is a lady that for many years was part of the education system. She has spent her time working as a high school library teacher in Massachusetts, before making the leap to go the entrepreneurial route. And of course throughout that time...Todays guest is a lady with more energy, than the most energised person you can think off. Yep, think of the person you know the most who runs, leaps, and bounds out of bed earlier than anyone, and they will look like a couch potato compared to this...Todays guest is a man who in many ways is on a similar path as myself, he wants to change the world of the baby boomers. He wants to inspire the world to learn from the struggles and success of others, and take control of their own lives. Do things...Todays guest is a lady who is the perfect one to hangout with...and although you maybe thinking that would be in a bar or pub, she likes to do it via Google. To be honest she might like bars and pubs too, but her expertise in Google Hangouts is...219: Michelle DeSpain: A Lady Showing Us How To Bloom Brighter Each DayTodays guest is a remarkable lady who over the last few years has been on quite a journey. As she mentions a few times on her blog The LateBloomerRevolution it would make a pretty good rom- com chick flick. She was in a rut. Her life was not...Todays guest is the author of the book "Redefine Rich A New Perspective On The Good Life", who believes that we really need to look at what path we are on to achieve our goals. Are we looking to earn a million pounds per month, and suffer burn out,...Todays guest on the show is a lady who is an author, speaker, passionate trainer and philanthropist and believes that the way to a flourishing business is by working as hard as she can on the relationship building side of things. And...Todays guest is a lady who has a journey to where she is today that could be turned into a movie. She first arrived in the United States from Slovenia not with a dream to make it on the corporate ladder, and rise to the top of the business...Todays guest is one of those ladies, who will inspire so many people out there that would love to leave the safety of their positions and travel the world feeling inspired. Your sitting at your work and you start wondering where you could go if you...Todays guest is a man who it seems can have a go at most things and make a success of it. From authoring ten books, presenting across the world, hosting his own wildly successful podcast, and generally being a very nice chap, he has the world at his...Todays guest is a truly remarkable and nothing short of inspirational lady for sure. Born without arms due to a birth defect, and fighting every day to live a normal "if there is such a word as normal" she touches the world with her passion and...Todays guest is a man who throughout his working life as a financial advisor and stock coach, began to have a dawning realisation that the world was lacking something in financial education. He realised that the industry was not showing their clients...Todays guest is a man who for over twenty years has remained a trusted advisor to brands and personalities on marketing, positioning and business growth, with special expertise in health and personal development. During his career, he has directed...210: Chris LoCurto: A Man Who Tackles Risk, Fear & Life To Be A Winner EverydayTodays guest was for many years one of the key leaders for the Money Advice man Dave Ramsey. Working closely with Dave, he helped over see a wide range of promotional activites not least the Total Money Makeover Live shows, which in many ways were...If you think of an expert in Google +, who knows more about the product than it seems Google do themselves you would probably think of a teckie guy, mad hair, glasses...you get the idea. You wouldn't think of someone that loves writing comedy...Todays guest is lady who literally screams "Don't judge a book by its cover" and well, as a man I have to say that its a very nice cover indeed. She is a lady who promotes healthy living, leading to weight loss and wellbeing. She believes that its...Todays guest really makes me love hosting a show like Join Up Dots, as in his own way he is part of my story....my dots. When I started getting the research together and reading about him, I thought "Wow, I know this man already. I have been telling...Todays guest is a connoisseur of something that most of us order, make, and then simply shove into our mouths as quickly as we can. Yes, he is an expert on the integral food source known as Pizza. Growing up in New York City, it was very hard not to...Todays guest is a man who contacted me to see if I would be interested in his story enough to have on the show.....are you kidding me? This guy has so many dots in his life, he is almost three quarters Dalmatian. He is the owner and founder of ...204: Lisa Crilley Mallis: Showing Us How To Make Choices With The Time We Have Each DayTodays guest on Join Up Dots is a lady that states on her about page before anything else that she has a love for chocolate. She also loves country music too. So I bet a perfect night in is a bubble bath, a box of chockies and a cd full of stories...Todays guest is a man who from his home in the town of Thunder Bay Ontario Canada, has set about living the life that lights him up inside. He admits to never having felt really settled in life, and at his core has always had the desire to go against...202: Jonathan Bamber: A Man Born To Challenge The Limits That Life Sets UsTodays guest is a man who is a professor in physical geography. He graduated from Bristol University with a degree in Physics in 1983 and went on to complete a Ph.D at the Scott Polar Research Institute, University of Cambridge, in glaciology and...Todays guest is someone that I am proud to say has become one of my closest friends in the world. I have never met her, don't know too much about her personal life, but can honestly say she has become one of the people that has helped me so much as...Todays guest for the milestone 200th episode is the only man that I wanted for the job......in fact I held back from recording this show so he could appear. And why did I feel that way? Well after 199 episodes of Join Up Dots, hopefully you will...Todays guest is a man who has a harrowing story, but it is a story that you think "Man that is terrible, but wow he has turned this into a positive. Bigtime" And as we see time and time again on Join Up Dots, our guest will find their path in life...198: Marilyn August: A Lady Who Shows The Way To Believe That Money Is GoodTodays guest is the queen of Ka-ching!, a lady who literally knows how to change the mindset of all of us to become profit attracting experts Her motto is “You can't grow your business without growing yourself.” She advises business...Todays guest is a man with a fascinating tale, of hardship, persecution, and a burning desire to create the best life he could hope for. Raised in a small fishing village in Senegal, West Africa, as a child he endured abuse, profound humiliation and...Our guest today lives his life by two rules. And these are two rules that by and large most people will try to keep away from, and then they wonder why they haven’t got their dream life. He believes that You can’t be afraid to take a...Todays guest is a man whose path to greatness started slowly. As a child he didn't really set the world alight whilst attending McKinley High School, a trade school in Buffalo. He failed many of his classes, as well as not managing to make the grade...194:Emilie Shoop: A Lady Who Looks For The Good In Everyone EverywhereTodays guest is a lady who is talking my language when it comes to staff development. If you have listened to a few of the shows, you will have heard me wax lyrical as to why companies focus in on the things that employees can't do, and pretty much...Have you ever had the dream as a kid when you are laying in bed all snuggly, and you think "wouldn't it be great to have a clone of myself that I could send to school?" Actually, you might be having those every same thoughts as an adult too. How do...Todays guest is a man who from the very early stages in his life had the hustle muscle working overtime. At the age of nine he would sneak comics into school to sell them to his classmates, who couldn't get enough of the latest adventures of their...Todays guest is a lady, who believes that entering into adult life with a solid education is extremely advisable, but entering into adultlife with the debt that education brings is not. She was a college graduate who ended her education with zero...Todays guest is a man whose middle name is maxi (i'll be honest I'm not sure if this was from birth or he added it later), but it certainly fits extremely well in regards to his approach to life. He believes that we all have it in us to live our...189:Julie Busha: A Lady Who Is "Slaw" She Made The Right Career ChoiceTodays guest is a lady who claims that she has never had a bad job, even though she spent several semesters helping students cut open and poke around in cats and pigs. Yes, I think that is the first time that I have had that fact in an...188 :Dame DC Cordova: A Lady Who Found Success Twice And Courage DailyComing originally from the South American country of Chile, our guest has set out on a path to not only create her dream life, but also to help the world find theirs too! As the founder of “Money & You®,” and other successful...Todays guest is an astonishing lady who delivers, positivity and inspiration to the world everyday of her life. Born with ocular albinism – a condition that has made her legally blind, she managed to hide the issues with her vision until well...186: Chuck Hester: A Man Who Uses LinkedIn To Pay It Forward To The WorldTodays guest is a man who believes that one of the best ways to create an income and business is to provide massive value to everyone you meet, and he fully subscribes to the “Pay It Forward” methodology. And when it comes to using...Todays guest is a lady who maybe small in size, but towers over so many people across the globe with her positivity, gungho spirit and ability to overcome huge obstacles with a smile on her face. She calls herself the short chick with a walking...184: Stephanie Hester: A Lady Who Leaps From Ball To Ball Everyday And Loves LifeTodays guest has a mantra in life, and one that has been tested time and time again. “You can’t always control what happens to you, but you can always control how you respond to what happens to you.” But that's ok, if you...Todays guest on the show is a man who, ill be honest when I started researching him, I thought "How the hell does he pack everything that he is doing into a day?" If you think that you are busy, then think again, as not only is he currently the Head...182: Thomas Umstattd: A Man Who Never Wants To Lose His Curiosity In His LifeTodays guest is a man who states that he is a Christ Follower, CEO of Author Media, Professional Speaker, Podcaster, Wordpress Lover, Marketer, Political Trouble Maker, & Homeschool Graduate. Which means that the conversations today can literally...Todays guest is a man who seems to have an absolute passion for building stuff. As he says "I have been writing and commercializing software since childhood. My goals are the same now as they were then: to solve difficult, practical problems with...Todays guest is a lady who from an air conditioned hotel room in Nicaragua found her path to a future that delights her, inspires her and probably makes her struggle to keep the weight off too. Whilst whiling away the days watching the Food Network...Todays guest is a man who has spent all his life being fascinated by what makes people tick. And when it comes to working out why some people learn really easily, whilst others struggle then he is your man to go to. Is it about the style of...Todays guest is a fantastic fella who I have wanted to have on the show right from the very first days of Join Up Dots. But like all new things that you start, I felt I needed a platform and an exposure that was worth his time, as he has a fantastic...177:James Nord: A Man Who Desires To be Great And Wears A Tie EverydayTodays guest is a man who takes fashion very seriously. Unlike the majority of men in the world who throw on a few items, and that is the grooming done, he prides himself on looking not just like he got dressed, but that he was designed for the...Since attending University at South Florida our guest today has literally been capturing the world from in front and now behind the lens of his camera.And although it might have seemed like a hobby, or just something to do at first, it has lead to a...Todays guest is a man who at the age of 25 took on the world at public speaking and came out top. Yes, he beat 30,000 people to claim the title of the youngest World Champion of Public Speaking in history. Contestants came from 116 countries and...174: Joshua Millage: A Man Who Creates Digital Therapy For The World To EnjoyTodays guest has a fascinating tale that so many people in the world today will resonate with. Can you end up being too qualified for employment? Can you end up having too much knowledge for a job, any job, so that the hiring employers consider you a...Todays guest is a proud and patriotic Canadian who loves nothing more than helping the world to find their ultimate state of performance. Whether its within the corporate environment or outside of it, he will empower business leaders, entrepreneurs,...172: Kimber Leigh: A Lady Who Was Shown Her Path And Then Travelled It EverydayTodays guest is a lady who is tackling so many different areas, and subjects in her life that you kind of wonder where to start first? She is an actress, producer, animal lover, TV host to name just a few of the things that fill her resume. But the...171: Jared Easley: The Podcast Master Shows Us All How To Beatbox And Starve The DoubtsTodays guest is man who if you take all the letters of his name and rearrange them you will get "Huge Action Taker" Well, actually that isn't the case, but it should be, as this is a guy who over the last few years has literally sprung to the top of...170: James Roper: A Man Who Believes That The Quality We Experience In Life Is Down To UsWelcome to the show a man who at his core has a burning passion to empower He has a belief that his talent and reason for being here, is to can inspire the youth of today that they do not have to, or should have to, accept the path that has been trod...Todays guest is a man who quite simply looks better naked than most men of a certain age should look. To be honest, I haven’t seen him fully naked, but seeing what he has done to his upper half, I can only imagine if I wanted to imagine! But...168: Stephanie Calahan: A Lady Who Found Her Peak Performance By Slowing DownTodays guest is a lady who has a path that is so similar to many of us, who are searching for a better way of living our lives. We are in a job that we dislke, and feel the ambition and drive to take control of our futures and go it alone. But what...167: Peter Stuart Smith: Taking On The Bad Guys Through The Power Of His PenTodays guest is a man who quite simply could be a guest on Join Up Dots for a whole week.His history has so much packed into it, its a struggle to decide where I want to start.Well lets start with telling you that he was born in Cambridge in the...166: Richard McCann: A Man Creating A Future Based On Embracing His PastTodays guest is a man who has had moments of huge darkness in his life, but has made sure that the situations that he unwittingly found himself forever linked to, were never going to define him. On a cold and misty morning in October 1975, our guest...165: Noah Kagan: A Man Who Goes Where He Enjoys And Creates Business MagicTodays guest is a man who seems to be born to be an entreprenenur. Pure hustle muscle, flexing at its best is what he is about, mixed in with a huge amount of wanting to enjoy what he does. And it seems to me that he managed to do just that...164: Jess Zaino: A Lady Who Has Knocked Down Doors All The Way To HollywoodHave you ever wondered what it must feel like to be a pop star and wander around in the aerified world of celebrity and success. Or be a tv host, or media personality. Well todays guest has done all those things, and most amazingly has created those...Todays guest is not a normal type of guy. He does things his way, even to at the age of 61 going back to graduate school and getting a Masters in Creativity and Innovation, when to be honest the majority of us are glad that education finished in our...Todays guest is the bestselling author of “Crush It with Kindle” and host of the top ranked business and marketing podcast “Publish Position Profit.” He is an online marketing expert, entrepreneur, speaker, business coach and...Todays guest is a man who has a desire to give back to the world and empower the youth of today. For the ages of 11 to 17 he is creating a movement to assist, support and empower young individuals that are living or have experienced issues in...160: Tayo Rockson: A Global Nomad With The Desire To Make The World HappyToday's guest is one of those people that I asked to come on the show, and then started researching them and thought "Man....I'm glad that I have got him coming on". He has a dream to not just improve his lot, or that of his clients, but he is taking...159: Christopher Grant: A Man Who Found His Passion From The End Of A PenTodays guest is a man who knows how to get into a ladies head, and understands what makes a woman tick.He has become a novelist, who focuses on content written from a females perspective, for women to enjoy.Growing up in a household that was dominated...Todays guest is a lady who believes quite firmly in the words of Steve Jobs that we play on the show everyday. You have to trust in something – your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. She calls it intuition, but it's all the same thing...Todays guest calls herself "A mom with a towel" She doesn't consider herself a celebrity, she isn't a millionaire, but she is someone who had a thought, transferred that thought into action, and created a business that is growing year on year. A few...156: Leo Prince: A Man Creating A Tune Of His Own And Inspiring The WorldTodays guest is someone that from the very beginning of launching the Join Up Dots series has been my target guest. A listener who from listening to the shows, and taking a huge amount of action in a very short time, has started on the road to...155: Warren Cassell Jr: Discover Your Legacy And Start As Soon As You CanToday’s guest is quite simply showing the kind of get up and go entrepreneurship that leaves old timers like me in the shade. He is an Executive Chairman of the Abella Group, a privately held company that manages investments in a number...154: Andrea Waltz: A Lady Who Loves A No And Seeks Them Out Everywhere She GoesTodays guest is a lady who quite simply wont take no for an answer. But unusually it is the no’s that she actively seeks out, and not like the rest of us the much more appealing “Yes’s She believes that we are the products of our...153: DJ Krust: Bringing The Beats, The Drums, And The Passion To The ClassroomTodays guest was brought up in a council estate called Knowle West, in the city of Bristol in England, and started a lifetime passion of being creative and inspiring others to shake of their shackles and have the life of their dreams. He...152: Mark Sieverkropp: How To Build A Network And Provide Value To The WorldWelcome to todays show a man who is joining a select few of willing victims, I mean guests who can say that they have joined up dots more than once.If you go back and listen to episode 37, todays guest appeared with his business partner Scott Barlow...Todays guests, yes we have two people to join up dots with today are guys that through the online world I have got to know very well. The first is a glamorous redhead from just outside Memphis in the USA, who through our love of podcasting and one...Todays guest is an entrepreneur who could quite rightly claims to have had two lives. And in classic Join Up Dots style, both lives are so closely intertwined that one wouldnt have been possible without the other.As a young man,he was on a path that...149: Jeet Banerjee: A Man Who Knew He Couldn't Be An Employee So Created His Own LifeToday's guest is a man who seems a person born to be an entrepreneur, although like many of us he forgot this was the case, and meandered without direction for quite awhile. As a young boy of nine, he became fascinated by the worldwide web and the...Have you ever been on a school trip to a museum and after the initial “Yayyyy! We’re out of school” wore off, found the whole thing a bit boring. Loads and loads of statues, stuffed animals, or tiny little plaques to read, which you...147: Daryl Urbanski: A Man Who Believes We Should All Pay It Forward To the WorldTodays guest is a man who from the age of 17 has focused his attention on not only developing the skills to obtain income on automatic pilot, but also to teach others how to do the same. He is a mover and shaker with hustle muscle throughout his...146: Kerstin Plehwe: A Lady Who Took The Wisdom Of Elephants And Changed Her LifeTodays guest is a lady that from an early age knew that she was driven to prove her talents to the world, and of course prove to herself what she could achieve. From being born in Bavaria, and then moving to South Africa as a young girl, she...145: Mary Marshall: A Lady With No Strategy But A Desire To Make Us Find Our StrengthsTodays guest is a lady who has been showing the businesses of the world how to get unstuck and prosper in a turbulent world. Since being nominated by the U.S. Small Business Administration this year for outstanding achievement, she was in the perfect...Todays guest is a man with not just a unusual name, but a fascinating tale of how he has reached a place in his life where he seems totally at ease and loving everyday. Growing up in a tiny little town called Seven Points in East Texas for the first...Most of us on the planet have a desire to be rich, so we can buy a big house, have lovely holidays and generally have a kickass life. But how would you feel if overnight your family went the opposite way and went from being multi-millionaires to...142: Erik Fisher: A Man Who Gets Things Done And Beats The Time-WastersTodays guest is a man who quite simply knows how to get things done. The master non-procrastinator. The king of batching, the prince of the 80/20 principle,and Lord of my favourite law too...Parkinsons Law.He is the owner of the blog and podcast...Todays guest is a lady who quite simply is probably the fittest person that we have ever had on the show. Just reading her bio exhausted me, but wow....she is packing a lot into her day. As a professional golfer and fitness guru she believes that...Todays guest is a man who is simply brilliant at knowing how to build relationships in business. Instead of doing what every other person does when they try to build connections, and valued connections, our guest knew that he had to step away from...Todays guest was destined to live a life of helping people since getting her first job as a nurse way back in 2008.I would guess that we can track this side of her character to an even earlier age too.As since entering the medical profession she has...138: Ian Usher: Sells His Life On Ebay And Funds A Life Of Chasing DreamsTodays guest is a man who is an example of someone who took massive action and then kept adding to the momemtum created by that one act, to quite literally change their life forever. A few years back in 2008, he made headlines across the world when...Todays guest is someone who has been moving and shaking since entering the real estate world way back when he was just 22. In fact by the time he was 27 he was living abroad fulltime and could claim to have sold properties in five countries. Nothing...Todays guest is a man who has an amazing talent for finding the optimum way of building productivity into your life. The go to resource for companies across the world who want to make themselves lean, save cash, and drive their profits ever...135: Dr Amy Baxter: A Lady Who Is Creating A Buzz In the World Of MedicineTodays guest is a lady who has developed something that is quite simply a wow.Have you ever been to the Doctors or Dentist and had to have an injection,and even though you look away the pain is still dreadful.Is it the anticipation of having a shot...Todays guest quite brazenly states "I have a super-power.I can teach anyone to make money from anywhere at anytime.But I choose to use my superpowers for good and not evil to teach first that money is truly not whats its all about."She helps people...Todays guest is the author of the amazing new book "21 Ways to Invite Excellence into Your Life." Growing up in a farming family, she spent many hours shooting, hunting, riding motorcycles, and of course riding on horses and loved the freedom the...At the end of each show you will hear me say the words "Please come back again when you have more dots to join up as I believe that by joining up those dots and connecting our pasts its the best way to build our futures".Well todays guest is doing...131: Jo Roberts: Changing The Lives Of Young Adults With The Help Of NatureTodays guest was born in South Africa and spent her childhood enjoying the amazing wildlife of Africa. So its a not a surprise really that her life has stayed close to nature, and since 2004 she has held the position of Director of the Wilderness...130: Gloria Miele: A Lady Who Brings Her Strengths To Everything She DoesTodays guest is a lady that from her base in California is focused on showing the world how to optimise their personal performance in whatever they do. For over 25 years she has spoken to thousands of people across the globe who are seeking the...129: Natalie Sisson: A Lady Inspired To Inspire Us All To grab FreedomTodays guest is an amazing lady who has over the last few years become a real online mover and shaker, whilst playing the game on her own terms. She has the hustle muscle working all over her body, and has over the last few years since leaving her...Todays guest is an chap from the UK with an interesting story to tell. In fact it seems to me his whole life is built around the use of stories, and weaving them into amazing effective ways that can help us all unlock the doors and remove the...Todays guest is lady with a truly fascinating story. Unlike many of the guests on Join Up Dots, who have become successful by business, online marketing or just doing amazing stuff, our guest set out on path that was never intended to lead to success...Todays guest is a lady who is driven to help us all achieve the highest levels of performance that we can. To get hold of the dream life that we see so many people living, and cant quite believe that we can have ourselves. When she was 26...125: Honoree Corder: A Lady Who Loves Her Life And Loves To Help Us Love Ours TooTodays guest is a lady who can admit to being a player-coach, entrepreneur, author, speaker, and mentor to professionals around the world, helping them grow their businesses and live amazing lives. She empowers others to dream big and go for what...Todays guest has a story that is fascinating for so many reasons. Number one due to the hustle that he has shown. Number two how it seemed that life was simply using him as a skittle and throwing obstacles after obstacles in his direction. The...Todays guest gets asked the same question again and again and again. Why is your company called Dancing Elephants? So I will do my very best to not ask this question as I wouldnt want to get off on the wrong foot, with a lady who is an author,...122: Jesse Krieger: A Man Building A Dream Life By Asking 4 Key Questions!Todays guest is someone who likes to ask four key questions as he seeks to build the life of his dreams How can I have more free time? How can I make money doing what I love? How can I travel the world pursuing my passions? How can I run...Todays guest is a man who has travelled a path most unusual. Starting off by gaining his education in Pennsylvania he has now found himself living in Yokosuka in Japan. Whilst working fulltime for the US military he has focused his downtime on self...120: Gary Loper: A Man Who Thrives On Twitter And Builds Relationships Across The GlobeTodays guest is a man who for over 30 years has helped the world build better relationships with the world. Never before have we had such an opportunity to do just that with a click of a mouse, but unlike many who just make noise on social media,...119: Sepehr Tarverdian: A Man Who Looks For Value & Passion In Everything He DoesToday guest is a man who when it comes to talking literally has the world at his feet. A motivational speaker, coach and author he speaks on his own successes of turning a $5000 company into a $5.000.000 company in only 5 years, how he attracted big...Todays guest is a man who believes that we should all have freedom in our life, and most importantly can show us how to do it! He has become one of the most sought after speakers and thought leaders on this subject in the world. But how has he done...Todays guest is a globe trotting, double Guinness book of records world holder, with a story based on constant action. An adventurer, film-maker, travel blogger and TV presenter from Liverpool, England, on January 1 2009 he crossed the River Plate...Todays guest is a globe trotting, double Guinness book of records world holder, with a story based on constant action. An adventurer, film-maker, travel blogger and TV presenter from Liverpool, England, on January 1 2009 he crossed the River Plate...115: Ginger Kern: The Lady Returns To Teach Us The Four Pillars Of Peak PerformanceWelcome back to a lady who first appeared on the show, way back on episode 32 of Join Up Dots. She must be a glutton for punishment to come back on, but aren't I simply delighted that she has done just that. Since her travelling adventures started...114: Tom Ziglar: Helping The World Face Their Fears And Find Their PassionsTodays guest is a man who not only has an unusual surname, but also has a surname that is famous throught the world.He is the son of the late Zig Ziglar, and is the current President of Zig Ziglar Training Systems which is a position that he has held...Todays guest is a man who can attest to have tried, enjoyed and had mixed success at many things before finding his true calling in life. From a musician, to a blogger, to martial arts participant, to even a dog trainer, it seems that his path to...112: Chandler Bolt: Teaching The Youth Of The World To Take The Leap of FaithTodays guest is another example of someone who seems to have been born with the skills to make their own money. At a very early age, whilst his friends were going the normal route to get jobs, by creating resumes and attending interview after...Todays guest is just seventeen years old, and has packed more into his last few years than most of us manage in a lifetime. An entrepreneur investor, author, go getter, speaker, money lender, lover of riding dirt bikes, and writing music, he really...Todays guest is a man on a mission to help the world self develop, progress, and move to a better future, all at a time and pace that is convenient for them. He started his first business at the age of twelve, and since then has travelled the world...Todays guest is someone that I have wanted to have on the show for quite awhile. In fact since the very first episodes of Join Up Dots were released. But due to him hitting his stride, travelling through South America, and generally having a kick ass...108: Devon Bandison: Teaches Us How To Change Our Lives And Conquer FearTodays guest is a man who is a father, keynote speaker, executive coach, community leader, entreprenuer and agent of change.He loves life, and loves providing as much value to the world and others as possible.He believes that change can and should be...107: Adam Urbanski: Shares How To Silence The Imposter And Grasp SuccessTodays guest started life in Poland, and it was fair to say that he has come a long way since then, both Geographically and financially. Arriving in the United States of America with just $194.00 dollars in ihs pocket and a sprinkling of English he...Todays guest is man who has learnt the secret of travelling the world, whilst being funded by something he already had. If that sounds a bit cryptic all will be revealed in the show. But its true to say that todays guest does not follow a normal...Have you ever been in corporate land and wondered why you are feeling sluggish and overweight. Do you wonder why you are reaching for that sixth doughnut just because its sitting three feet away from you then todays show is for you. Our guest today...Todays guest is a lady on a mission to empower the females of the world to...well rock!Being an entrepreneur herself she was often struck by the isolated way that women seem to operate within the business world, and so set out to build a platform for...103: Brent Kelly: A Man Who Is Building Integrity Into The Sales ArenaTodays guest is someone who might at first glance be thought of as a minority group. He believes that sales is a honourable profession. Wait I hear you say...surely I didn't hear the words Sales and honourable in the same sentence? But our guest...Todays guest is a man who can literally fly to heights that we can only dream about. A commercial airline pilot, he has for the last few years travelled the world transporting businessman, holiday makers, and screaming children to destinations across...Todays guest is a lady who has been on a harrowing journey of hitting absolute rock bottom, and finding her way back to the top. At the end of 2008, her life had spiralled out of control as she battled everyday with alcohol addiction, food issues and...100: Michael O’Neal: Mr Solopreneur Hour Joins The Dots On The 100th ShowTodays guests is a man who quite simply without him, then I wouldnt be on the mike today. So you know where to send all your complaints too. He is a man with a fascinating story, of successes, setbacks, leaps of faith, and finding his unique...Todays guest is a man who is taking huge action, as he is one of the co-founders of the Podcast Movement. A huge conference bringing together the movers and shakers of the podcasting world. The legends behind the mikes. The names you see...98: David Hooper: The Musicians Marketer Shows How To Go From 1- 1,000Today guest is the go to man if you have a band, are interested in creating music, but dont know the first thing about getting it out there.Being in the music industry and the online world since way back in 1982, our guest at first had the desire to...Todays guest is a lady who believes that great people are not those to whom rainbows are delivered, they are those who value rainbows, sun and rain.Its the contrasts of life that makes a life, and its within these areas that we can develop our...96: Ellory Wells: From A Theatre Class To A Man Of Class..He Shows Us Our Pathguest is someone who as we discuss time and time again on Join Up Dots can pinpoint the moment when his life changed forever. He knows his big dot on the Join Up Dots timeline. In January of 2009, after seeing his career flourish, he was laid off,...Todays guest is a lady that I have wanted to have on the show it seems from the very beginning.She was recommended to me by one of my all time favourite guests, August Turak who appeared way back on Episode 4 who said "David, do I have a guest for...94: Thomas Patrick Levy: From A Love Of Lego To Building His Own FutureTodays guest is a man who is travelling a path that is 100% true to himself.As a younger man,he was classed as an at risk teenager, but still progressed to earn a B.A. in English.However continuing his studies did not go to plan,and although he had...93: JV Crum III: The Conscious Millionaire Shows Us The Steps To WealthTodays guest is a man that from the age of five knew what he wanted to be..a millionaire. But unlike many of us who have that dream, he set out on a path that led him to achieving the majority of his dreams by the age of 23 or 24. The big house in...Todays guest is a man who career has been one of great contrast.Joining the military back in 1998 he performed the role of tank member crewman for three years before departing the armed forces and setting off on his entrepreneurial venture.Working in...Todays guest has for over 25 years been the go to lady to help companies, individuals and the world find their true path in life. She is the founder and CEO of Success is by Design, ReMake MY Life LLC, The Women of Global Change, and other multiple...Todays guest lady is someone who quite readily admits she spent over a decade stuck in the wrong career.But on a show like Join Up Dots we confirm time and time again, that although it may seem like wasted time, no experience is ever wasted. After a...89: Dr Pei Kang: A Lady Who Climbed To The Top, Just To Find That She Wasnt Where She Should Be!Todays guest is a lady who was has travelled the world to find her true path in life. Growing up in China, she had a childhood that was so very different to her life now in America. The words culture shock do not really seem to do justice to the...88: Cathy O'Dowd: The First Lady To Climb Everest By Both Sides Joins Up DotsTodays guest is a lady who could literally be singing "I'm on the top of the world,looking down at the creation"every-time she jumps out of bed.Because since University,she has had a fascination for climbing, and took part in her first mountain...Todays guest knew what he wanted and had a dream to achieve it. Buying into the corporate vision of the big cars, medical cover, and the big office with the PA and secretary working overtime to support him, he started studying to be a lawyer. That...Todays guest is a motivational speaker and author whose mission is to teach us all to be bold in our actions He believes that we all have it in us to get out of our comfort zones and create success in whatever we do. With a background in sales, and...Todays guest is someone with a fascination for unusual facts and I guess characters and communities across the world.From a young child, he always had a interest for the obscure.And as we have found time and time again on Join Up Dots, he has now...84: Michael Parrish Dudell: Welcome The Oprah Winfrey Of Small BusinessTodays guest is a man with many strings to his bow, and literally it seems a midus touch to success in business. But he wasn't always driven to be in the entrepreneurial environment, as during college he focused on a very different path......Theatre...Todays guest has an amazing story,of a tragic accident,which ultimately could have been the best thing to happen to him.Known as Yo Pal Hal since hosting his first radio show at age 15,his greatest triumph came at age 20 after he was hit head on by a...Todays guest quite simply should have the words "Dream Big and Then Dream Bigger" all over his body. A self confessed exponent of the Richard Branson method "Screw it Lets do it", he has over the last few years created a life that is exciting,...81:Matt McWilliams: A Man Sacked By His Own Father, And Now Changing The WorldTodays guest is a man who, well I dont do this very often but the introduction is in his own words. And you'll see why I haven't written the thing myself this time. Im a world changer. Now before you think Im an egotistical, too big for my britches,...80: Ben Krueger: Show Us How To Grow Your Business Using The Power Of PodcastingTodays guest is an entrepreneur with a passion for the outdoors, travel, adventure, business strategy and podcasting. He is currently based in Thailand and working to grow Authority Engine, a premium podcast creation and management agency.They...79: Jack Peterson: A Man Who Consciously Chooses To Be The Best That He Can, And Can Teach Us How To Do The SameTodays guest is someone who is a confidence coach,philosopher and passionate explorer of life.As he says on his blog he wants to be the best that he can be in all aspects of his life and hopes to inspire us to do the same.Well im sure he is going to...78: Jeanine Cerundolo: A Lady Channeling Her Passion Into Helping Us All Achieve Our Dream Lives.Our guest today is one of the founding members of the Higher Purpose Project,which we have discussed with our previous guests Ginger Kern and Dan Adams.A powerful collection of individuals that have taken it on themselves to create a platform for...Todays guest is a self confessed Creative Maverick and believes that there is a better way for us to do things and earn a living. After being in corporate land in the UK for many years, working for such companies as Deloitte, he quit his job with the...76: James Clouser: A Man Ready To Jump Off The Train, And Grab A Dream Life For HimselfTodays guest is a man who has travelled an usual path to where he is today. Starting as a musician working in the church full-time, he worked hard at delivering the kind of music that inspires, and touches the soul. But like all entrepreneurs that...75: Dave Cooke: A Man Who Faced Heartache, And Then Pedaled To A Future He Could Not Have ImaginedTodays guest is a father who has faced the most difficult of times,and in the process started changing the world.As an accomplished businessman,author and motivational speaker,he was a man in control.He coached groups of people large and small to help...74: DR CK Bray: A Man Who Found His Unique Self At High School and Then Forgot Who He Was For 20 YearsOur guest today, comes onto the show with a drive to make life better for so many of us who spend our days in jobs we don't like. I think already that we are connected at birth! Starting his life with a dream to be a news anchor or game show host,...Todays guest is a master of an instrument that until recently I had never heard off, but upon stumbling upon some information on the web, I knew that I wanted to have him on my show. He got to the top of the Hammered Dulcimer pile, when back in 2010...72: Niall Doherty: From A Shy Guy, To A No Fly Guy, This Man Has Taken A Leap Of Courage That Is AstonishingOur guest today is on an adventure, or I guess you could call it a quest. On one hand he is trying to travel around the world without flying, and on the other hand he will be finding himself on the trip. Discovering the type of person that can...71: Jacob Nawrocki: This Fireman Can Ignite Us All To A Life That Is Hot, Hot, HotTodays guest is a man who can really turn us around no matter what our state of mind to focus on a positive future. Living in the Milwaukee area of the United States he was on a path similar to the rest of us until one day on his 26th birthday, he...70: Jodi Womack: No More Nylons Leader Inspires The World On Join Up DotsTodays guest is the first partner of a previous guest to ever be on the show.If you listened to episode 53, then you would have heard her husband speak, with passion, eloquence and more than a splash of humour on what he is doing to help us all make...69: Navid Moazzez: A Man Who Created His Own Brand Identity And Is Helping The World Develop Their Own TooOur guest today seems to be a man on a mission.Since first coming to my attention early last year,he has blazed a path across the online world on as many different platforms as he can.He is an inspiring lifestyle entrepreneur, online marketer,...68: Clay Hebert: The Crowdfunding Expert Drops By To Share His Wisdom Of Online Dream Making Across GlobeTodays guest is a man that is a true online mover and shaker. In fact he probably put the move into Mover, and shaked the shake until he got more than most people would have done, because wow he is doing some great things in the online world. He is...Todays guest has an amazing tale, and one that I have read more than once, as it has the classic stumbles and falls, successes and moments of inspiration that make this guy perfect for join up dots. As a young man, our guest was always on the look...Customer ReviewsThe Greatest Podcast I Have Ever Witnessed!by 5 Months to Freedom PodcastGetting to hear clips of this podcast before it launches, I have never been more impressed. David is taking podcasting to a higher level and setting himself apart from the crowd. I stopped listening to all other podcasts, but I plan on listening to this one daily! Keep up the great work and enjoy the journey, David!- Stephen Rykwalder (5 Months to Freedom)Great concept! Great interviewer! Great guests!by DdfhjkbvfdethbThis podcast is fresh and timely. Everyday host David Ralph is having high value conversations with his guests; of which I am honored and grateful to be one of (Ep 5). The lineup of guests he's curating is top notch and to boot he's a phenomenal interviewer. It'd be pretty hard not to be inspired to live life to the fullest after listening to any episode.This podcast has it all!!by SkroppDavid has created the perfect blend of ingredients in this show! Humor, knowledge, great guests, insightful and unique questions and discussion and a great accent! This is a "don't miss" podcast for me now!! I love it.