Tart Cherry Chia Pudding + a giveaway!Not only is February the official National Cherry Month, but also Valentines day is just around the corner. Many of you are wondering what to make for yourself or your sweet, today I’m here to share with you all a delicious tart cherry inspired recipe + a GIVEAWAY! I’m so thrilled to share with you some really exciting products and goodies in this giveaway, which is also the first here on Nutrition Stripped.I’m picky about what products I choose to giveaway, because I want them to reflect my personal views and preferences here on Nutrition Stripped, this giveaway is all that and more. So not only are you getting a delicious recipe perfect to celebrate healthy eating this Valentines day, but also a chance to enter an awesome giveaway to receive some really yummy prizes!Disclosure: I was asked to participate in the National Cherry Month #GoTart Campaign as a member of the Healthy Aperture Blogger Network. I received free samples of tart cherries mentioned in this post from the Cherry Marketing Institute. I was compensated for my time. Honest opinions expressed are 100% my own.So let’s get to the juicy part, what does the [giveaway include]?A Year’s Supply of Dried Tart Cherries and Tart Cherry Juice,a KitchenAid 7-Quart Mixer,Le Creuset 4.5- Quart Dutch Oven,and an Anthropologie Apron!How to enter // simply fill out the box in the link below with your information and you’ll be entered to win. >>> Click this link! GIVEAWAYand be sure to “SHARE” with your friends via Instagram, Facebook and Twitter!NOTE: Entering in the Comments section DOES NOT enter you in the giveaway- please click the link above ;)3 facts about tart cherries and why I’m lovin’ them this month:Love the tart? For fruits and vegetables, a sour taste is often a cue for more phytonutrient compounds inside.Tart cherries contain anthocyanins, a ﬂavonoid that contributes to the ruby-red color and distinguishing flavor.Share Your ThoughtsThis looks delicious! I can’t wait to give this a try. Tart cherries are perfect for after an intense workout since they help soothe sore muscles. Looking forward to having this as my post-long run recovery snack!This looks beautiful! I have never tried Chia pudding before and am new to the blog, but it has just moved straight to the top of my list. :) Tart cherries are amazing – I can’t eat cranberries, but these provide the perfect tang with just a hint of sweetness, it really wakes up my tastebuds! Thanks so much for the recipe!I’ll be honest… I’ve not done much in my life with tart cherries (though I do have a shameful past that involved a slight Shirley Temple addiction… Heh), but I would certainly be inspired with these items! Maybe make my own, healthier Shirley Temple (RIP) to start!Oh! Actually, we just made adorable mini tart cherry pies for our daughter’s first bday party!!! Totally forgot about that for a minute…. They were a total HIT and I didn’t get a one, haha. I’d make those again:)I’m becoming more and more obsessed with your blog and Instagram page every day. You are so inspirational! I can’t wait to try this- especially since I just got a big bag of chia seeds from Costco! Thank you for sharing the recipe. :)Oh my goodness, this sounds awesome! I’d make this recipe first, but I also love smoothies, and since tart cherries are good for reducing muscle soreness, I’d enjoy a whole bunch blended up post-workout!YUM! I’ve always loved the tart cherry and dark chocolate combo but only used it in my granolas or oatmeal. I will definitely be devouring this. Maybe I’ll get a little crazy and pour some choco-cherry granola on top of my tart cherry chia pudding? :) #GoTartI LOVE cherries! I just posted a recipe yesterday for a Cherry Balsamic glaze! I am definitely going to try this recipe, as I have never made chia pudding with cherries even though I adore chia seed pudding! Thank you for the delicious recipe!Cherries are my love language!! I spend a lot of time in Michigan with my family, where the cherries are the absolute best. I got married there and we had them in all their various forms… raw cherries, cherry wine, cherry pie, dried cherries on salad… Excited to try this pudding!I’ve heard a lot about cherry juice is good for athletes or after you work out, but have yet to give it a try. I love adding tart dried cherries to granola though. BUT, this pudding! Gotta give that a try too!I’m a new reader of your blog, and I love it! This recipe is one I definitely want to try. I usually add tart cherries to salads or use them to make my favorite — albeit indulgent — homemade ice cream. I look forward to trying something new with them!I love cooking and baking… Cherries are my favorite fruit. I make my own granola and put them there most often, but I also love putting cherries in beef stew for an interesting and sweet twist.. They go great on salads to.. I never knew feb was national cherry month! :) #gotart I recently stumbled on this websire and I am hooked. I can’t wait to try a lot of these recipesI went to FNCE this past year and tried dried tart cherries, and became obsessed!! I cannot wait to try this chia pudding recipe to add to my obsession! I also have a question for you! What type of blender would you recommend for smoothies? My blender has recently given out and I am in the market for a new one. I am a college student, so price is definitely a huge factor. I have looked at quite a few blenders and also bullets, so I am open to trying anything. I would like to get the most product for my money, so any suggestions would be so helpful! Thanks!I love the cherry and almond cookie recipe from “Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar”, the balance of the tart cherries and the aroma of almonds is magical! Plus with the health benefits, no better excuse to reach our for more than one…! Now I HAVE to try this pudding recipe! Looks phenomenal!!Can you clear something up for me with this recipe. Are you using dried tart cherries or whole frozen (not dried) cherries. I thought that I bought the right product to make this (cheribundi frozen cherry packs) but I think that it is just puree and not whole cherries. I love your blog..my unhealthy friends have been wowed by your recipes, especially the raw brownies. Thank You!Hello! | Nutrition Stripped is your guide to living whole and eating well! As a Dietitian Nutritionist and lover of all things healthy, I'll show you how simple and delicious the whole foods lifestyle can be! Here you'll find resources, fitness, plant-centric and gluten free recipes, nutrition advice, a glimpse into my lifestyle, and ways to work with me privately. I hope you enjoy browsing my recipes and trying them in your kitchen! [Nashville, TN]"...I drink smoothies for breakfast almost daily, but I’ve realized that I was not packing enough nutrients in to them. I need far more greens and much less fruit to make my body happy. Thank you so much for sharing all of your amazing recipes, you are such an inspiration! I’m a stripped smoothie gal for life now :)”2014-10-07T15:48:36+00:00"...I drink smoothies for breakfast almost daily, but I’ve realized that I was not packing enough nutrients in to them. I need far more greens and much less fruit to make my body happy. Thank you so much for sharing all of your amazing recipes, you are such an inspiration! I’m a stripped smoothie gal for life now :)”