Origami Owl Classic Beauty Valentine’s Necklace GiveawayOrigami Owl is a leading custom jewelry company known for telling stories through their signature Living Lockets, personalized Charms, Bracelets and Earrings. Established in 2010, Origami Owl® was the realization of the company’s 18-year old founder’s dream, Isabella Weems. With the goal to purchase her own car on her 16th birthday, Isabella used her savings and started designing her own line of custom jewelry with just $350.Origami Owl’s signature jewelry, Living Locket, is customized with Charms, Plates, Dangles and Tags to create a completely personalized story. The Origami Owl Classic Beauty Living Locket is a special heart-shaped locket featuring Swarovski crystals. It contains several pre-selected charms, however is contents are customizable to tell you story of love including add-on options like charms shaped-like conversation hearts boasting “Hug Me” or a Message in a Bottle.Dazzle your Valentine this year with a gift that can complement her own style or celebrate your love story. Popular with celebs including Jennifer Lopez, Kathie Lee Gifford, Jennifer Aniston, and Kelly Ripa, Origami Owl allows you to gift your Valentine with customizable necklaces, lockets and bracelets to create a look as unique as she is.Enter for your chance to win an Origami Owl “Classic Beauty” necklace just in time for Valentine’s Day from Connecticut Lifestyles.The Classic Beauty Necklace Features:16″ – 18″ silver heart link chainMedium silver heart living locket® with crystalsMessage in a bottle charmSilver scripted love charmRose stardust swarovski crystalsWait until the page loads completely so the Rafflecopter widget will appear. If it never appears you may leave a comment to get your first initial entry and come back to share to get bonus entries. You can also share this image on Facebook to get bonus entries.Note: We are not affiliated with Origami Owl in anyway and were not paid to host this giveaway. We are not distributors and we are not selling the jewelry. Origami Owl gave us this necklace for our giveaway.Official Rules: NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Open to United States residents, 18 and older. This Giveaway begins on February 2, 2015 and ends on February 16, 2015 at 11:59 pm ET. One Grand prize winner will win a Origami Owl Classic Beauty Living Locket necklace shipped to their door. One lucky winner will be randomly chosen on or about February 18, 2015 and will be contacted by email. The winner has 72 hours to respond to the email or a new winner will be chosen. Prize will only be awarded and/or delivered to US addresses only.