Chaturbate Apps and Bots are 100% open-source modules that power chat rooms. Apps can control chat and the the panels above and below the cam, while bots can control only chat. You can have multiple bots running at once along with your chosen app.LEGAL PRIVACY POLICY: Any UNAUTHORIZED use of my profile, video, pictures or audio in any form or in a forum now or in the future is NOT permissible without my expressed written consent. Any act to promote or gain profit in any manner (e.g. either monetarily or socially) from the use of my profile, video, pictures or audio in any form my profile is a violation of my privacy and subject to legal action.BY WATCHING THIS: You acknowledge and agree that you shall not post, upload, publish, transmit or make available in any way content of this page including images and recording streamed live video available for download. This is intended as, and presented as a one time, live, one view presentation only.Penalties of Copyright Infringement: By reproducing, republishing or redistributing the work of a copyright holder without permission, you may be violating or infringing on his or her rights under the Copyright Act. The copyright holder may sue for compensation cost from $ 250 to $ 150,000 or one year jail sentence.http://www.chaturbate.com/terms/Section 8: Your Use Of Content On The Site The Content accessed via the chaturbate website is owned by or licensed to chaturbate, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law. Content is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever.You may access User-Submitted Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the chaturbate website. You shall not copy or download any User-Submitted Content by any means or for any purpose. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content, including any use, copying, or distribution of User-Submitted Content of third parties obtained through the website for any commercial purposes.