Are you thinking to use link building tools for your blogs and websites but confused which you should choose?There are hundreds of link building tools are available in the market which claims itself No. 1, but you can’t try all. That’s why I asked around 50 industry experts about their link building campaigns. Which all tools they use and how these tools helped them to reach the top.I asked a one-liner question to each expert-If you could use only 3 SEO tools for your link building campaigns which 3 tools would you chooseI simply wanted to know the tools that helped them to reach the top so that a newbie like me and many can take help of those tools. I received good number of response. And so here are the responses of 31 Industry experts. I was really surprised to see the response of industry giants replying to a mail of newbie. I thank each one of you for your precocious time. Based upon the vote, I categorized the top 5 most used link building tools and here those are-Ahrefs: My number one "tool" for doing SEO is obviously Ahrefs (ahrefs.com). It helps me to dig into competitor backlinks and probably gather some low hanging fruits (links) for my project. This also helps me to determine the level of competition going on for a particular keyword/niche.Gmail with YesWare: Second tool in my list is gmail with a combination of YesWare. This helps me to track my outgoing/received emails for link prospects. This can easily be replaced with a buzzstream, but I'm a bit oldschool SEO so I prefer gmail.Broken Link Finder: And the third tool would be brokenlinkbuilding.com. This is software that scrapes together a list (for a keyword) of pages that are either down or go to 404 error page. This helps me to find tons of brokenlinkbuilding prospects.Inbound Writer: I use Inbound Writer to come up with my keywords and the URL slug for my blog posts. They use predictive analytics and their service helps me create content that gets 2x-3x the amount of traffic I used to get.Majestic SEO: It helps me see the backlinks and rankings of both my site and my competitors.Alexa: I also use Alexa to keep track of my audience demographics and geography as well as my rankings.These tools help me understand which all sites are linking to me and also how they are linked and this helps me figure out which links are good and which ones are bad. On the basis of this, I can disavow the bad links to stay safe. I can also get to know how many dofollow links my site is having and how many nofollow. It helps me decide how many more quality backlinks either dofollow or nofollow are required in order to rank well.Moz: I personally use Moz tools as the tools used in Moz are not only made my SEO professionals but they are easy to use even by SEO beginners. They also give access to Open Site Explorer where you can actually figure out your competitor keywords and the number of backlinks so that you can outperform your competitors in search results.Google Keyword Planner: No matter how many keyword research tools are available, according to me, nothing beats Keyword Planner by Google. You can easily figure out the best keyword ideas for your blog posts and you can also estimate the number of average monthly searches for your desired keywords. It's also free!SEO By Yoast: This is a must have plugin for every WordPress user. This plugin helps you optimize your blog posts properly for search engines. It will also help you find the right keyword density to increase your search results for any keyword. It's a free plugin btw! Sebastian Cowie- SC DigitalThe 3 main SEO tools I use for my link building campaigns are as follows:Ahrefs- This is mostly for digging into competitors’ backlinks to get some low hanging links with direct email outreach. Here's what I usually do: 1) Type in my main keyword in Google.com 2) Scrape together top 10 results and add them to ahrefs.com backlink search. 3) See where they have got those links from. 4) Email to those webmasters saying that I've put together something similar and it would be nice if they could mention it on their page.Buzzstream- This is mainly to keep my email outreach targeted and organized. In that way I can follow-up if someone haven't answered to my initial email. I can also keep those contacts for future projects so I can email them later again and build a relationship of some sort.Broken Link Building: This is for finding broken linkbuilding opportunities. It'll cost you some money, but you can easily type in your main keyword - for example "blogging" and broken linkbuilding tool will give you some results for pages that are related to blogging, but are no longer available (404 error, page down etc). Once I've found something, I'll get in touch with people who have linked to the site previously and tell them that the site is down and they could replace it with my OWN site.Everything we do is led by content and so while we still use the obvious tools we like to focus on ways to find great content that works. Often we will start with an audit of competitor activity and to do that we would often use the following tools. These help us understand what content gains traction and will earn shares and links:LongTailPro - I love this tool. I've integrated with my Moz free account to analyze the competitors and their links effortlessly. Not only to look the links, we can see their PD, DA, PR, Moz rank, juice passing external links etc with this awesome tool.Google Webmaster Tools - Regular use of this valuable tool helps me to understand better about my links and keywords to focus.Open Site Explorer - I use this vibrant tool to get insights about the links that points to a specific page.MozBar: One of the tools I use on a regular basis is the convenient extension MozBar, which is both free and quite intuitive to use. Checking the Domain Authority of sites is a must for anyone who is working in the SEO industry so it's something I cannot work without.SEOquake: SEOquake is another neat (and completely free) extension for Chrome and Firefox, which I use to view any site’s statistics while browsing. You can modify the different metrics to be displayed, such as Google and Bing indexed pages, external and internal links, keyword density, social media stats, and Alexa rank, etc. It saves me a ton of time for checking each of these individually.Open Link Profiler: Perhaps the one I find the easiest and most straightforward to use is Open Link Profiler. For a free tool, it’s amazing how much you can get out of it. I use it mostly to scout specific backlinks leading to a site as it has some very handy filters and a number of options for tracking backlinks in real time (it’s updated daily) and the results go back for the past six months. I’ve used quite a few backlink profile checkers, but this one seems to work best for me.Buzzstream: BuzzStream is one of those tools I use for link building campaigns; it is hands down the best enterprise class outreach management tool out there for me. It gives you an easy top down view and trusts me, it is extremely intuitive.Majestic SEO: It's one of those tools I used in the early days of blogging; I was introduced to this tool by a friend. Majestic SEO is a software package, which is focused on providing information for link building, reputation management, competitive link analysis and website traffic analysis. In all this, competitive link analysis and for A standard link audit has been what I use this tool for. Believe me to tool is a very nice one in terms of backlink exploration and building a reputable link building strategy.Link Prospector: This is yet another tool I've given a try, but not frequent with it, the little time I had with this tool is enough to testify. Link Prospector is a link building research tool that is designed to find and return lists of potential partner sites. Built for speed, the tool can return a huge amount of data link builders can sift through to find link building opportunities. One reason why I like this tool is the fact that it has a clean and simple interface and has the ability to export what it finds.Sophie’s ideas of link building are quite different from others and she use the natural methods for link building. According to her, if I could have only 3 things to help with link building I'd want:1) Great content 2) Email 3) Friends You write the great content, send an email to your friends, and they share your link with their audience -- or they invite you to guest post on their blog or feature in their next expert round-up, whatever. It's all link building. :)If i will get only three tool for link building, I will definitely use the below three-Ahrefs or Open Site Explorer - These tools help me in prospecting for links to my websites. Both are also great tools for backlink analysis and poaching links from your competitors.Buzzstream- Using BuzzStream I do SEO by connecting to influencers and exprts within the industry. I then leverage my relationship with them by collaborating on a blog post and getting a backlink on their site.Buzzsumo - This helps me find the most viral content for my target keyword and lets me create a better content out of the results using Brian Dean's Skyscraper Technique.Over to YouA huge Thanks to all of you for your time and being so kind for the response.Share This:Post Tags:Ashutosh JhaAshutosh Jha is a professional blogger, Blog and IT Consultant. He writes about Blogging, SEO, Making Money, Internet Marketing and Web Design.If you liked the post, You can follow him on the below social media.Hi Ashu, I really missed it, though you asked!This is indeed a wonderful list, you presented it well.I use SEO by yoast, Alexa and Google.A major ones mentioned here are indeed new to me, I need to give a try.I am bookmarking it.Thanks for sharing this information.Indeed this is a great collection~PhilYou've done a great job by consolidating the amazing link building tools at one place. I'd say that it is a good opportunity for the bloggers to learn some unknown blogging tools and I've learned a lot here.Good to check the exciting reactions of these experts and their preferred tools to build links. Thanks for adding mine too. Keep your good work.Lol, I'll be lying if i told you I understood much! I am content using Yoast right now but will bookmark your post and come back once I upgrade my SEO knowledge :D Thanks so much for the hard work that you put in getting all these experts in the same place :)I have not single world to describe, but if I leave this page without dropping comment then it will be a insult of your hard work, You are one of the fastest growing blogger I have ever seen. all the tool are very helpful for us but now I'm using free tools for link building same like SophieThanks for sharing this article, sorry for late, keep rocking :)Looking forward to see more interesting article from you,Hey AshutoshYou did a great job by sharing this wonderful expert roundup and solved a long-standing problem of newbie and struggling bloggers to pick the best link building tool. Many people hesitate to invest just fearing they may be getting lesser rate of return on buying a wrong tool. But here in this post you put the quantified opinion of all these experts to buy the best tool. Thanks for sharing and also thanks for including me in the list. Have a nice rest of the week.Thanks for including my opinion with these top notch bloggers. Newbies will get lot of help with this wonderful post. You have chosen some great and good no. of bloggers. I don't know most of them. I would try to visit them soon.I also use ahref and buzzsmo. They are fantastic and I would also recommend this to others.Good website! I truly love how it is easy on my eyes it is. I am wondering how I might be notified whenever a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS which may do the trick? Have a great day!best link building serviceThis post has some important tools for checking backlinks and sharing the most famous bloggers ideas its really helpful for new bloggers in this list have my fav. bloggers i always follow them thanks for the postAshutosh, This is a great article coming from different experts. I really appreciate your work on 31 people just to put this list up! I definitely agree with Ahrefs and of course Google Products. It's nice that you put up each of the voters links. It will greatly help your readers have a wide expanse of choices to experiment on. We actually have articles in our site about SEM, SEO and related stuff too. You might want to check them out and see perhaps one day we'll be in one of your posts haha cheers mate! Great job!Follow USFacebookTwitterGoogle+Rss FeedRecent PostsOops! Make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.About UsHey All, Welcome to TricksRoad. First of all, TricksRoad is not just a blog, it’s a place where you will get all secret to start your own blog and to earn from that. I'm Ashutosh Jha, a blogger from New Delhi, India. I started TricksRoad to share my experiences to people globally and helping them to make money with their blog. You can read more about us at TR About Us Page.Follow us at the social networking sites.