ZubeirWhat am I giving to?The CURE Hospital in KenyaThe picture above is of the CURE hospital in Kenya. The doctors, nurses, technicians, cooks, cleaners, and administrators of CURE Kenya are dedicated to providing the highest quality medical and spiritual care to people who, without CURE, couldn't find it and couldn't afford it, just like Zubeir. To do that, we're inviting you to partner with us.We need to raise approximately $2000 for every procedure we provide Zubeir and kids like him. When you give a gift through Zubeir's CUREkids profile, your contribution is designated to an exclusive country fund for CURE's work in Kenya, and those funds can only be used for operational expenses to treat patients in Kenya. Have more questions? Ask us.Monthly Giving: Be a Hero!When you partner with us monthly, we'll send you an email each month to introduce you to a different child who was helped because of your generosity. You can choose to follow their updates and send them get well messages. That means that each year, you're a part of helping 12 different children, beginning with Zubeir. We call it being a CURE Hero!Zubeir's Procedure onZubeir's Story“I always pray for good feet, because with good feet I can walk to see my friends, with good feet I can play with them,” Zubeir told us, smiling. He also uses different sounds to communicate, which, although we don't understand all the time, we … Read more“I always pray for good feet, because with good feet I can walk to see my friends, with good feet I can play with them,” Zubeir told us, smiling. He also uses different sounds to communicate, which, although we don't understand all the time, we absolutely love. Apparently you have to be Ethiopian to get it.So as he clicked with his mouth a "yes" or "no" response, we found that Zubeir and his father Hussein, ever smiling, have lived in a refugee camp for three years. After fleeing Ethiopia in 2000 during political unrest, Hussein, then a businessman, married Zubeir’s mother in Nairobi. Hussein was told by the Kenyan government that he must move to the refugee camp, for he could not stay in the capital city with his status as a refugee. “It’s very difficult to make a life there, in the camp,” Hussein explained, “The price of all things, with the exception of food from the United Nations, is much higher than in the capital. My business is very poor in comparison.” That said, it took awhile for Hussein to open up about his struggles, but he insisted, “Things are okay. We can make it - we have God, each other, our needs are met."Both Zubeir and his father are so Christ-like in character, showing only kindness, helping when they can, and they ask for little for they know God’s grace is among them and that through Him all things are possible. Hussein left the waiting bay, watching his son go for his second clubfoot surgery by saying, “Thank you, I know Zubeir will grow strong, his leg will be straight, and though I worry, God gives me peace.”Latest UpdatesFeb 07, 2015What a champion! Two days post clubfoot surgery, Zubeir walks with the help of our physical therapist, Peter, while his father looks on hopefully and with some understandable degree of concern. He's more himself now, both proud of his effort on crutches and rolling around the ward in his wheelchair.Feb 06, 2015Here's a short clip of our new friend playing yesterday that we think shows his awesome, playful nature! http://youtu.be/3pC6sHj5-5oFeb 05, 2015Here's our friend Zubeir, enjoying the balloons and bubbles that sometimes help fill our ward with laughter. We all played with the floating, bouncing balloon as Hussein, Zubeir's father tried his best to teach us words in his native language, Amharic. Though "thank you" seems to have ten syllables, we all enjoyed the lesson. We're all very happy to have them around!Feb 04, 2015Zubeir got a wonderful get well message from the US today! Here he is receiving it, smiling away like usual, but especially after hearing it translated by his father Hussein who has been like a father to the other boys in their ward cube since arriving. Hussein cares so deeply for his son Zubeir that when he moves, Hussein's face wrinkles in anticipatory pain, taking it on himself.Feb 03, 2015Today Zubeir is mostly sleeping off his clubfoot surgery from yesterday, playing games on his dad's phone, taking pictures of us on it, and getting all that needed rest. Yesterday, his dad asked multiple times for us to check on him during surgery and upon Zubeir's disturbed, painful return to the ward and his father, Hussein held his son lovingly until Zubeir fell back asleep.Other Kids in KenyaMay we have your email address?We need your email address to send you updates on Zubeir's progress. You won't be subscribed to any other email lists with CURE by doing this. You'll also receive a confirmation email that you want to receive these updates.Add me to the CURE's email listTwice a month, we send out a story and video of a child like Zubeir who has completed their treatment. By joining our email list, you'll receive those updates.