Colin Meloy of the Decemberists’ spent hiatus with his son with autismPortland, OR – Colin Meloy of the Decemberists used his band’s hiatus to focus on what he deems most important: spending time with his family and his son Hank who has autism. The band’s hiatus was announced in 2011 after promoting their sixth studio album The King is Dead.During this much needed rest from the chore of touring Meloy has been spending his time making sure his son is getting the education he needs. He tried public school but was dissatisfied.Meloy told The Guardian, that many people do manage to make the public system work for them, but that you have to be a tireless advocate for your own child.“we got tired of fighting the school, fighting insurance – because if you’re in the public system, you have to augment with private services – and it can be a little taxing.”What’s also taxing to the 40-year-old musician-turned-writer is the idea that autism is a disease to be cured and fixed.He told that autism, for his son, is a huge part of his personality and cannot be removed.“Some people are like: ‘Autism has robbed my child from me.’ Well, who is your child? Who did you want? Clearly your child was only the expression of what your child would be. With Hank, I wouldn’t trade his autism.”He further adds that although his son has faced many challenges due to his autism, it has also given him “incredible gifts and his personality is so much due to the personality he’s been given because of his autism.”According to Meloy, it’s better to embrace autism then erase autism, giving the world a fresh perspective many can agree with.Top Stories and Breaking NewsMaine – In March we brought you the story about Stephanie Lay, mother to 14-year-old Bryce with autism and Self-Injurious Behaviour (SIB). Stephanie has used her grilled salsa recipe in order to connect with her son, to teach him life skills and to use the cooking time as a form of therapy for him. Woman […]Fairfax, VA – Bestselling author, and founder of PayPal thinks people with Asperger’s have the right mindset to succeed in Silicon Vally. In an interview with economist Tyler Cowen at George Mason University, Peter Thiel gave his reasons why won’t hire MBA’s, and why, in his mind, people who have Aspergers are the pals that […]Anti vaccination campaigner Robert Kennedy Junior has publicly apologised for comparing vaccination of children to the Holocaust in a recent autism speech. Lawyer, and nephew of assassinated president John F Kennedy is campaigning against a Californian bill which proposes compulsory vaccination of all children against common childhood illnesses such as whooping cough, chicken pox, mumps, measles and […]