Liability:First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only. Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use.If you have sold your residential or commercial property and you or your client owner-financed the mortgage note and you wish to sell a mortgage note, we at KIOS NOTES can offer a sound and painless exit strategy if youre tired of acting as the bank.Putting up mortgage for sale is not without its own set of problems. There are some concerns that sellers should note in order to realize a tension-free settlement. Today, the mortgage industry in the US is highly structured and has specialized professionals who do the thinking for you.cash for mortgage note - There are several websites that enable you to get the best deal from the notes available for sale. Listings are posted by the sellers, and the Internet-based company acts as a mediator trying to validate the listing and the price attached with the notes.In situations where you are holding the mortgage and receiving payments from the sale of commercial and residential real estate, and you are want to cash in on those payments, there are service agents who provide help. Furthermore, the service agents can also help you if you are holding a note from the sale of a business or vacant land.There are several options before you. With the help of specialized service agents or brokers, you can sell the mortgage note and let someone else worry about late payments. These mortgage notes are called seller financed notes or seller carry back notes, and are purchased by investors who will pay you the value of the note (which would be slightly lower than their current market value) and then take over your tensions of waiting for the payments every month.There are several other options as well. If you require some cash now, but still want to retain the security of receiving a monthly income, you can choose to sell part of the note. Mortgage brokers have ready-made solutions for all your problems. Experts feel that in an era of stiff competition and confusion over notes, it is a good idea to seek the services of these mortgage brokers. However, while selecting the mortgage broker, experts advise that you will need to be cautious. It also helps to do some research on the agent and his or her previous record.This mortgage buying process is very simple. As a future mortgage holder, you can finance the property sale privately, without discounting the sales (do not overprice) price by creating a seller-financed mortgage. You can then sell themortgage to KIOS NOTES via the secondary mortgage market, to achieve a painless exit strategy so you can move on with your financial goals..It only takes a little research and some patients which will put you in a position to receive top dollar for your debt instrument, when selling a mortgage note.Mortgage are a fast growing financial trend in our U.S.economy today. If you are receiving payments on a mortgage, you can receive your cash today instead of waiting for those monthly payments to trickle in. Receive your cash within days, get offers for all or part of your note with no obligation.No Implied Endorsement:First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company.No Warranty:Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites.