Like Brian Williams, Hillary Clinton Lied About BosniaFirst Lady Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea greet soldiers at the "Alicia" U.S. Army Base near Tuzla, Bosnia-Herzegovina, on March 25, 1996. AP View Enlarged ImageLies: Investigative reporter Sharyl Attkisson reminds us the secretary of state who blamed Benghazi on a video once made up a story about courage under fire in Bosnia. Maybe Brian Williams can be her 2016 running mate.'Nothing in life," Winston Churchill once famously said, "is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result," except perhaps in the minds of network anchors like NBC's Brian Williams and political candidates such as Hillary Clinton, who also claimed a brush with death in a war zone on her resume. Perhaps they can swap war stories.Former CBS reporter Sharyl Attkisson reminded the world of Hillary's tale of heroism in an interview with CBS Philadelphia affiliate WPHT morning host Chris Stigall last November, a tale told by the former first lady in her 2008 run against one Barack Obama."I had come home from an overseas trip vacation, and my husband says, 'When you went to Bosnia 12 years ago with the first lady, were you shot at?,' and I'm like, 'No, I think I would know if I were shot at,'" Attkisson told Stigall of the 1996 trip to Bosnia with Hillary, first daughter Chelsea and celebrities Sinbad and Sheryl Crow.Candidate Clinton claimed in a 2008 speech in Washington and several subsequent interviews that she and Chelsea were forced to run for cover under hostile fire shortly after landing in Tuzla, Bosnia."I remember landing under sniper fire," Clinton said. "There was supposed to be some kind of greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base."Her harrowing tale never happened, and Mrs. Clinton's faulty memory also forgot that there was a reporter on the trip who was taking notes and had a video of the event."The video showed," Attkisson said, "and I thought this was a pretty good way to explain it — I put her in a box saying, 'We got off the plane and had to duck and run for cover and there was sniper fire' and then I show the video of what was really happening, and she's getting off the plane and she's waving, shaking hands with a little school girl."In a way, Hillary recanted her tale, saying she had a "different memory" of the event, something akin to Brian Williams claiming that the "fog of memory" had clouded his recollection. Perhaps he should have taken notes like a good reporter like Sharyl Attkisson.See AlsoSubprime Redux: Affordable-housing advocates have a new charge against lenders: They're stingy, if not racist, and "deprive" millions of poor minorities home loans. But it's just another ploy to loosen loan standards.The administration is using a new Urban Institute study to argue that mortgage ...Leadership: Riots rage 40 miles from the White House, in a city 15 minutes away on Marine One. The one thing that President Obama is good at is speaking to a crowd. So where has he been?You don't lead from the Rose Garden. Jimmy Carter painfully discovered that when he chose to make himself a ...Health Reform: Providing still more evidence of how ObamaCare is "working," most enrollees learned this year that they had to pay back a huge chunk of their insurance subsidies. So much for "affordability."Back in January, H&R Block figured that about half of the 6.8 million people who were ...Free Trade: On the podium with Japan's leader, President Obama faced an uphill climb persuading Democrats to support the Trans- Pacific Partnership. Yes, he's all for trade now, but his past leadership created the hurdle.'This will end up being the most progressive trade bill in history," the ...The Federal Open Market Committee is in a pickle. After its last meeting, it suggested that it would soon start raising interest rates as a way to head off inflation. Recent inflation numbers, showing an uptick in the core inflation rate, make that step seem as necessary as ever. But disappointing ...Select market data is provided by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services. Price and Volume data is delayed 20 minutes unless otherwise noted, is believed accurate but is not warranted or guaranteed by Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services and is subject to Interactive Data Corp. Real Time Services terms. All times are Eastern United States. *Reflects real-time index prices.