Top 8 Cruise Destinations You’ve Never Heard OfWe all know the cruising hotspots: tropical Caribbean haunts like St. Thomas and Barbados; urban escapes such as Rome, Barcelona and Boston; and world-famous waterways through Panama and Suez.But how about all of those fabulous destinations you’ve never even heard of but can cruise to? Expert cruiser Jane Archer, who spends practically half her life at sea, shares her favorite little-known gems to book next.Split, CroatiaFirst, a quick history lesson. Diocletian was one of very few Roman Emperors to die of natural causes rather than be poisoned or assassinated by scheming relatives. The significance of this relative to your next cruise vacation? He swapped his imperial robes to retire to a palace he built off the Dalmatian coast, better known as present-day Split. I visited the palace basement, but was more fascinated by the way its street-level walls and vast halls that were turned into shops and restaurants rather than left to crumble. You don’t have to be a history buff to love Split. I’ve been three times, most recently on Compagnie du Ponant’s yacht-like ship Le Soleal (Norwegian Cruise Line and Windstar Cruises also visit Split), and never tire of seeing the stunningly beautiful harbour, exploring the cobbled streets and rounding off lunch with a scoop of the award-winning Croatian ice cream. It’s to die for!Kotor, MontenegroKotor is just around the corner, nautically speaking, from Dubrovnik, Croatia, and is one of many drop-dead gorgeous towns I visited on a cruise through the Dalmatian coast. Think medieval old town with cobbled streets and adorable little churches that’s nestled at the end of a flooded river valley (it looks like a fjord to you and me, but technically isn’t because it wasn’t created by a glacier) and surrounded with mountains. I paid approximately $4 to climb a stony zigzag path to the remains of a castle situated above the town. It’s a long, winding climb but the stunning views are a just reward — and so was lunch in one of the little local restaurants once I made it back down to town.Gdansk, PolandThis city is one of the unsung heroes in the Baltic. I knew Gdansk had been leveled during the Second World War and then rebuilt, so I expected to see concrete Soviet-era monstrosities. Instead, as I entered through the Golden Gate, I was greeted by gabled Hanseatic merchants’ houses all beautifully restored to their 17th-century grandeur, as well as grand churches, cobbled streets, lively restaurants, living statues and market stalls full of local artisanal crafts. It was a fabulous day out from my Princess cruise, with a boat excursion from the pretty waterfront to Westerplatte, where the first shots of the war were fired on September 1, 1939 — icing on the cake.Spitsbergen, NorwayA laidback voice comes over the PA. “We’ve spotted a polar bear …er… on the port side. You might like to …er… take a look.” This is it, the moment we have been waiting for, and it is only day one of a seven-night voyage on the National Geographic Explorer Lindblad Expeditions around Spitsbergen, an island in Svalbard some 350 miles north of the top of Norway. It was the start of an icy adventure that included sightings of at least 15 polar bears (including one that came right up to the ship), puffins, seals and even a magnificent blue whale; Zodiac cruises that took us close to tusked walruses and glaciers; and hikes ashore with armed guards. I passed on the chance to dip in the frigid waters but tried kayaking amid the icebergs — not as brave, but a lot less cold!Yangon, Myanmar (Burma)Myanmar was on my hit list for years so once military rule ended in 2011, I booked a Voyages to Antiquity cruise that visited Yangon for two brilliant nights. I spent hours at the magnificent Shwedagon Pagoda, 328 feet high and covered in 11 tons of gold, where monks, nuns, friends and families come to meet, pray, meditate and party; and had a drink in the Strand Hotel: Myanmar’s less-expensive answer to Singapore’s famed Raffles Hotel. On a tour to Bago, I visited a giant reclining Buddha (180 feet long by 52 feet high) and the Golden Banyan Tree, where locals go to have their cars blessed by the Bo Bo Gyi spirit, partly because there is no car insurance in Myanmar — all the more reason to cruise to Myanmar.Kimberley, AustraliaOK, this is a region rather than one destination, in part because this area of Northern Australia is so remote you either cruise the entire region or don’t go at all. I spent an adventurous 10 nights sailing its crocodile-infested waters on National Geographic Orion. I swam in Crocodile Creek (“we throw a crew member in and if he comes out we know it’s safe," the cruise director joked), went on a Zodiac expedition along the Hunter River in search of crocs, scrambled up the side of King George Falls on a Zodiac and watched as the tidal change revealed the breathtaking Montgomery Reef. And did I mention the helicopter that took me to Mitchell Falls? Nevermind that I had to run across a beach where moments earlier we had spotted a lurking croc, or that the helicopter had no doors. Forget Crocodile Dundee. This cruise felt more like a James Bond movie.Astoria, Oregon, USAThis isn’t exactly the place to come in search of excitement but Astoria, Oregon, along the Columbia River visited on a river cruise, has an ace up its sleeve. Lewis and Clarke spent a winter close by on their epic 1803-06 expedition in search of a route to the Pacific. I may have been the only Brit on board but I was as excited as my fellow American history buffs to follow in the explorers’ footsteps and experience U.S. history come to life. I saw Dismal Niche, their last campsite before seeing the ocean, learned tales of near-starvation at an interpretive center at Cape Disappointment and visited a replica of Fort Clatsop (the original is long gone), where the party survived winter (106 days and it rained on all but 12 of them!) before the long journey home.Cartagena, Colombia“What is Colombia famous for?” my guide asked as we set off for a city tour. No, not drugs, rather coffee and emeralds, and the beautiful city of Cartagena, which went from zero to hero on my list of favorite places following a stop on a Celebrity cruise. The monster fortress of Castillo San Felipe de Barajas is impressive (the biggest in the Americas) but it was the old city — with its picture-perfect colonial houses and their grand wooden balconies festooned with flowers and plants (an annual best-balcony contest is an incentive to keep them looking good) — that got my heart racing. I saw instruments of torture in the Palace of Inquisition and the skeletal remains of Saint Pedro Claver in the cathedral bearing his name. There were talented street painters, interesting little shops, shady plazas, colorful fruit stalls and Wayne, whose cool beers provided respite from the heat.