Internships in LondonMake your application shineWe know it’s tough to find an internship in London, especially if your CV seems empty without any relevant work experience. The team at Inspiring Interns have put together a few resources for our most popular sectors that should help you on your way to a successful career in the Capital. Some are of the ideas are free, others are not.We’d like to point out that this list is not exhaustive and won’t guarantee that you will land an internship, but these are the sort of things we like to see on CVs. If you have found a certain resource, course or anything particularly useful then get in touch and we’ll gladly add to the sections below!ContentsOpportunities within the field of advertising are vast and the majority of large ad agencies are headquarted or have offices in London. An internship presents a viable way of gaining experience and an insight into different areas of the industry. Below are a selection of handy hints and tips that we’ve put together to point those of you seeking careers within advertising in the direction of ad internship success!Top free:Run by the Institute of Practitioners in Advertising, AdMISSION is a professional body that exists to help you decide what sort of advertising role is right for you and to arm you with advice for succeeding in that career. Their hub is a brimming with a wealth of advice and blogs on all things related to the ad industry and how to break into it. You should also keep an eye on top advertising agency blogs; Ogilvy's article 'how to break into advertising' is a good place to start!Top paid:If you're serious about working in advertising then considering further education in the field is one valid approach to increasing your chances of securing a position. There are costs attached to this, but chosen correctly, these courses can equip you with invaluable and specialised knowledge of your area of interest. The London College of Communication represents one great source of advertising related education, with a variety of types on offer. It is essential then to consider what it is you're expecting to accomplish when you finish, what roles will you be looking to apply for, and identify appropriate courses accordingly; you should be looking for a course that can help you attain that goal and that can give you tips throughout your course as well. It is also worth considering courses that enable you to create material whilst you study, enabling you to build a portfolio that can contribute tor and support your applications post-study.Numbers. Data. Excel. Analytics just got sexy. With increasing an increasing proportion of our lives being conducted online, the amount of data being created in the world has increased exponentially in the past twenty years. This data is being used to inform organisations’ decisions and plays a major role in everything from Google’s business strategy to start up companies’ marketing plans. Analytics’ prominence in business is such that it touches a range of areas (from marketing to accounting) as well as being an individual discipline in its own right.With such rapid growth, Analytics is a brilliant area to break into and there are many ways you can impress potential employers.Top free:Comfortably the most prominent web analytics tool is Google Analytics. This free service allows website owners to measure traffic to their website along with a huge range of information such as where visitors have come from, what platform they are using to view the website, how long they spend on each page – the list goes on. The only prerequisite for Google Analytics is that you have a website, so if you want to start using the tool it is advisable to set up your own blog or similar to practice with. Once Analytics is set-up it is advisable to read through Google’s extensive help documents to get an idea for the basics and also consult other guides on the internet (the Simply Business guide, for example) to make sure you haven't missed anything. There is no substitute, however, for practice so try and use it on a live website to get a feel for how Google Analytics operates.A lot of data and information can be derived from social media, thus knowledge of analytics in this area is also a desirable trait. Have a look through this useful list of tools, many of which are free, to acclimatise yourself with the sorts of analysis you might be doing in an analytics internship.4Of course there is one piece of software that is essential for analytics – Microsoft Excel. Excel is an incredibly powerful tool for working with data and a good working knowledge of it is very important for analytics roles. Much like Google Analytics, there is a wealth of free resources online to teach you how to use its many features. For basic business purposes, this article is a good starting point.Top paid:Another important Google platform is Adwords, which allows advertisers to place adverts across the Google network and monitor their performance. Anyone looking for a career in advertising or digital should have a working knowledge of Adwords and again practice is the best way to learn. If you have set up your own website why not set aside a bit of money and try promoting your site. Experiment writing adverts, choosing keywords and monitoring what works and what doesn’t. You can normally get free credit when you spend a little (currently £75 free if you spend £25) so a little goes a long way.Going back to Excel, if you want to go beyond the basics or have a little more in-depth guidance, there is a wealth of books available to talk you through all of the program’s functions. One of the most popular is John Walkenbach’s Excel 2010 Bible but there are lots of alternatives available too. If you would prefer face-to-face tuition your local adult college may well have a course available, or a number of universities run more expensive courses such as this Applied MS Excel for Business short course from City University.Internships in London within the third sector are notoriously competitive with many graduates keen to secure these prized opportunities. In order to help you fight off the competition, the following are a collection of recommended sources to help support your applications putting you in good stead for internship success.Top free:One of the key pre-requisites that charities look for in candidates is previous evidence of involvement in charity work. The concept of starting small and volunteering first to build up contacts has proven to be successful method of entry to this sector, and there are many ways that you can go about obtaining such experience. It can be as simple and easy as addressing your local community and seeing where you can make a difference. Websites such as Your Square Mile exist to help you find out how you can get involved in local activities and make a positive difference. Likewise, sites such as Do-it and Greater London Volunteering act as a directory for sourcing local volunteering opportunities. vInspired is another unique charity worth considering, with their focus on connecting young people with volunteering opportunities. For a more detailed insight into all aspects of volunteering check out Volunteering England.Using your initiative and contacting charities directly and offering to volunteer with them is a pro-active approach worth considering. Ivo is a social network for the community-minded, connecting people and organisations that want to make their worlds a better place. It allows you to search through thousands of volunteering opportunities connecting with those that are advertising the vacancies.It’s also worth checking out KnowHow NonProfit's How-to guides to volunteering - they are written by people with real world experience on subjects that matter to you. Browse the latest guides or add your own!6Top paid:Generally, we’d recommend that you shouldn’t pay anyone if you want to work for a charity, but if you are looking to improve your general business skills to get into a business, check out the other sectors in this document for some useful, free courses: skills you should improve on completely depend on the role you are interested in doing for a charity.The world we live in is becoming ever more digital-and IT-focused: from smartphones to social media, these disciplines are prominent features of our lives that are only going to continue developing and growing. As such they are a great place to start your career. They also span a huge range of industries and sectors, so developing digital and IT skills is relevant for many different career paths.Top free:There are a huge range of free courses and resources available online to boost your CV and impress potential employers. Econsultancy.com is a great place to start. They post a huge range of brilliant blogs featuring industry trends, tips and advice to keep you up-to-date with the fast-moving world of digital. Members also get access to a range of reports and up-to-date research (key in an ever-changing landscape).The best thing for learning digital skills is to try doing things for yourself. Most digital-savvy candidates will be active on Facebook and Twitter so regularly using these (ideally to promote a society, organisation or even your own work/blog) is a pre-requisite. You can start to stand out from the crowd, however, by trying your hand at some of the other social networks: using Pinterest, Instagram and Vine to promote something is a great way to demonstrate an understanding of the ever-changing social landscape and your knowledge of some of its newer elements.If, however, you really want to make a good impression with employers you should really be engaging with platforms like Wordpress, Tumblr and Blogger. While these are typically used as blogging platforms, they can also function as free-standing websites. Indeed many business websites are built on Wordpress, so experimenting by setting up your own site and gaining an understanding of how it works is a very desirable trait in a candidate. There are plenty of clear guides available online to help you get started.8If you do set up your own website make sure that you install Google Analytics and use this to monitor the traffic – analytics is a major part of the digital world and a basic knowledge of it is often a must-have for these roles. See the Analytics section for more details!On the IT side of things, the vast majority of employers look very favourably upon anyone with (even basic) knowledge of coding or programming. Many people get intimidated by the idea of coding and think it is just for maths geniuses – but this isn't true! Anyone can code, and there is a range of free tools online to take you through the basics step-by-step. Codecademy have a selection of brilliant courses that cover everything from HTML and CSS to Javascript and Python. They are designed for complete beginners so why not give them a go? Other free online options include Code.org or for something a little different, Regex helps you learn to code while you solve crosswords. Are you a bit more advanced in the programming stakes? Stackoverflow is a great Q&A forum for coders to get advice and tips.Top paid:The aforementioned Econsultancy offers paid-for memberships and training that will greatly enhance your knowledge of the digital world. General Assembly is another leading provider of a range of digital and IT-related courses, including digital marketing, user experience design and web development. See their website for more details.If you are interested in learning to code from scratch, Makers Academy offers an intensive twelve-week course that will, in their words, make you “a top candidate for an entry-level position at a world class startup or technology company”. Pretty compelling stuff! It's not cheap BUT you don’t pay a penny until you graduate.Whether you’ve got a passion for fashion or you’re looking to develop your skills and experience within the industry, an internship could be the answer. Giving you a helping hand in the right direction, the following are sources we would recommend to help strengthen your applications and secure the internship of your dreams!Top free:As university graduates continue to struggle to secure jobs post-degree due to the sea of competition and lack of available jobs on offer, fashion apprenticeships present a unique solution to this problem providing a combination of training and career specific work experience. The Fashion Retail Academy is a London-based provider of apprenticeships. Similarly, Fashion United is a non-profit initiative which offers fashion schools and institutes a platform which stimulates interaction and knowledge sharing.Top paid:The Fashion Careers Clinic is an independent careers advice service specifically for fashion students, graduates and professionals who are looking for guidance in finding their next (or first) job. They offer one-to-one consultations and CV writing services, with the cost for graduates and clients with less than a year's experience priced between £30-£40.Alternatively, you could consider investing in a paid course in your area of interest. The London College of Fashion offer a vast menu of courses spanning across the fashion industry and catered to all needs (from part-time, online and short-term courses, to undergraduate and graduate school courses) that present you with an opportunity to gain a more specialised education and understanding of the area of fashion in which you’re looking to break.It’s also worth taking a look at Fashion Monitor; a leading provider of contacts, news and events within the fashion, beauty and lifestyle industries and offer their services through paid subscriptions.Whether you’re interested in working for a large organisation or an SME, most employers are looking for candidates with strong analytical skills, the capacity to work with figures and statistics, numeracy skills and a genuine interest in finance. Finance is always a reliable sector to work in; many of the world’s largest companies are dedicated to various aspects of finance and every SME will have a dedicated finance employee!Top free:Many organisations use Microsoft Excel, so get your Microsoft Excel skills down to a T. We wrote a great blog on where you can develop your skills here! Beyond that, consider the software programmes you will be required to use in your internship and get a head start on your peers by learning how to use them. Tools many finance departments in business use include Sage and Xero, and both offer free trials and white papers to teach users.Top PaidIt's important that you develop your skills and display enthusiasm for finance by keeping up to date with industry news on the finance sections of various media outlets and consider subscribing to the Financial Times.If you’d like to pay for a concrete qualification, you’ve got many options. You could check out payroll qualifications such as those offered by the ATT (tax), ACCA, CIMA (both accountancy) or IPP(payroll), depending on which area of finance you wish to specialise in. Most offer a variety of free resources and magazines that you should read and absorb before you take the plunge to pay for anything, but many jobs in the corporate world of finance require applicants to have a qualification or proof that you are studying towards one.Marketing is a competitive discipline to break into, with a broad range of degree courses that provide relevant skills for the sector. It is therefore important to do what you can to differentiate yourself from other graduates by demonstrating you have pertinent skills or qualifications.Also, don't forget that a growing proportion of marketing is made up of digital work now – so check out our digital skills section below for more ways to boost your applications!Top free:The world-renowned US university, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has made a huge range of its courses available online to anyone – completely free. This includes lots of relevant marketing courses from its Sloan School of Management, for example this introduction to marketing management. Make sure you have a browse and investigate any ones that are relevant to your job hunt. You could do a lot worse than putting on your CV that you have completed an online marketing course from MIT!A lot of websites aimed at small businesses and entrepreneurs carry fairly comprehensive guides to marketing, for example Startups.co.uk’s understanding marketing guides. Have a look through and see if you can apply any of the principles to something you’re doing at the moment. Still at uni? Help publicise a society! Already graduated? Why not volunteer to promote a charity?Demonstrating that you have been engaging with the ideas behind marketing and making practical use of this knowledge will give any application a big boost.12Top paid:The Chartered Institute of Marketing is the official trade body for the industry. Becoming an affiliate member gives you access to a wide range of resources, including news bulletins, careers advice, and networking opportunities, and will really help you demonstrate your interest and commitment to marketing. They also offer a wide range of relevant courses and diplomas. Find out more here at Getin2marketing.The Institute for Direct Marketing is another professional body that provides qualifications and membership that comes with a range of benefits. You can find them here: http://www.theidm.com/The PR sector is notoriously competitive and even work experience placements will often receive hundreds of applications. We’ve put together a few nuggets of information that will help you stand out as a well-informed candidate in whichever area of PR you choose to focus on.Top free:If you’ve got your eye on a career in PR, it’s also important to do your market research. If you have your heart set on a specific sector within PR, you should keep an eye on companies’ websites to get an insight into what they are up to and the type of campaigns they run. Some companies also upload press releases to their blog so you can learn how specific companies write press releases. For example, if you want to work within consumer PR, have a look at Frank, Mission and Blue Rubicon. You should also follow companies on Twitter, interact with them and read national and local press for PR stories to give you an overall feel for the industry.Top paid:You should keep yourself up-to-date with PR Daily and PR Week and add that you read these magazines/websites to your CV. They’re full of industry nuggets that might come in handy in cover letters and interviews.If you’re interested in a PR course, we recommend you check out the CIPR (Chartered Institute of Public Relations). Student membership is open to anyone studying a UK higher education course that lasts at least 12 months. Student membership is free to those on CIPR recognised courses, and £35 annually to those on other courses. If you have finished higher education, prices start from around £129 per year. The benefits of joining include free online webinars, best practice guides, free subscription to PR Week and more. If this is slightly out of your price range, you can check out the CIPR’s webinars which cost £30 + VAT for non-members.Sales, or business development as it may be known, depending on your approach, is all about understanding clients, managing their requirements and closing a deal. The most successful sales people will listen to their customer’s problems and opportunities and respond with creative and intelligent solutions that solve said problems and provide a win-win situation for both parties.Top free:The best way to learn how to sell is to simply get out there and sell. This is difficult if you don’t have a product to sell or job to learn from, but you can start by learning about products you may sell inside out. Make sure you’re also selling your skillset to the best of your abilities; tweak your CV, perfect your cover letter and pick up the phone to prospective employers!Familiarise yourself with Salesforce.com – a CMS used by many companies to track sales activities. Any knowledge of this software or similar will give your CV a boost!Top paid:Can you recommend a good course for graduates to learn about sales? Get in touch!Linguists are not, as many would believe, limited to a career in translation or teaching (not that Inspiring believes there is anything wrong with those professions!). Languages can help you access a variety of new positions, whether you choose to stay in the UK or not. Companies with offices overseas will always need multilingual employees; genuine human interaction is something a computer translation programme will never be able to replace. Read on for information on how you can develop your language skills and stand out to an employer!Top free:There are all sorts of reasons to learn a second language as highlighted in this Telegraph article, but bilingualism can open up plenty of employment opportunities. Multi-national employers are always interested in hearing from applicants that can communicate with people of different nationalities. Whether you’re looking to brush up on your skills or start from scratch, there are lots of ways to learn a language for free. Start off by having a look at the BBC's free courses online and consider setting up a conversation exchange with a native speaker. Try to meet for coffee once a week and spend an hour chatting in your chosen language. Practice makes perfect! If German is your bag, check out Deutsche in London; a useful resource for Germans in London and an ideal resource for finding conversation exchange partners.You’ll find plenty of language-learning and travel hints and tips on ThirdYearAbroad.com - a community of students on their year abroad studying a variety of languages. After all, the best place to learn a language is abroad, where the language and culture are part of daily life.Top paid:If you’re interested in evening classes in London, we recommend you check out City Lit, based in Covent Garden.If you’ve had a good experience with a course in London or elsewhere in the UK and would like us to mention it here, get in touch!