Agent Carter: Lyndsy Fonseca on Whether Angie Suspects Peggy Has a Secret LifeOn Marvel’s Agent Carter, Lyndsy Fonseca has quickly endeared herself to viewers as Angie, a friendly, vivacious waitress and aspiring actress who’s become a pal to Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell). I recently spoke to Fonseca about taking on the role and what it’s like joining the Marvel Universe.Fonseca also discussed Angie’s perspective on Peggy and her response to fans hoping to see her fight again on the series, thanks to her experience with action scenes after four years on Nikita.IGN: Your producers were talking about your audition and how impressed they were by you. Angie is a very specific type, given the era she’s from. Did she come easily to you?Lyndsy Fonseca: No. I’m not going to pretend to say yes. I had shot a pilot and these wonderful people at Marvel approached me and I was a little bit apprehensive, to be totally candid, to be supporting the female lead in a spy-genre show [again]. I was a little bit worried about it. I was tied to the pilot at the time, so I’m guest starring, basically, on the show. So I was a little bit apprehensive about it because of that situation [too]. But I realized no experience is ever the same. Each one is different and when I really thought about the Marvel Universe, and I really took a second and I looked at not only the writing for Angie but the writing for each character is so good. It’s funny and it’s got backstory. I was like, "I am an idiot if I don’t take this opportunity."I went in and I read for the whole gang; Louis D'Esposito, Michelle [Fazekas] and Tara [Butters]. I had a chemistry read with Haley, and to be totally honest, I left there thinking, “I have no idea.” I was scared s**tless. I was totally intimidated. I mean, you need a security code just to get in the building. It’s serious over at Marvel! I was never sure.IGN: When you got the part, and you started filming the show and you’ve got the costume on, the whole look - was it easy to immerse into that once you’ve got all those trappings around you?Fonseca: Yes and no. There’s this weird comfortability that I have with the time and the level of talent on the show from set design, to props, to costumes -- like every f**king department -- is like way beyond anything I’ve ever worked with that you are crazy if you walk on a set and don’t feel like you’re in that world. It’s just top notch all around. So that part was so, “Whoa, this is so comfortable!” But again, for the first time in a long time, I really was nervous. I wanted to impress a lot of people.You know what it is… I have so much respect for the story and the genre that I really cared so much. So there’s a part of me where Angie felt so second nature and there was a part of me that was like, “Oh my god, I’m getting fired! What is happening!?”IGN: So after all that now, the show is airing and you’re seeing the response. It must be extremely gratifying to see that people are very taken with her.Fonseca: I never for a second, ever, from the very beginning of my first audition until now, ever questioned that this show wasn’t going to be amazing. My own issues or questions was my own drama. But this show… When you have high expectations and you see it, it’s kind of a scary thing, right? So I had high expectations and then I was like, “Yes, this is awesome.” Because there’s a lot that Angie isn’t involved with. So I’m watching the show as a viewer and a fan, like a lot of people, because there’s so much that I don’t see and am not a part of. So I’m with everybody being like, “I love this show” and totally geeking out.IGN: Do you think Angie just couldn’t even fathom what Peggy’s secret life is at this point?Fonseca: I think Peggy’s world is so out of Angie’s radar or atmosphere of reality that I don’t even think she thinks.... She thinks something [is going on] but nothing that it could possibly be. Angie’s smarter than she may come across and so she knows there’s more to Peggy, which is why I think she’s interested in her. I think there’s something that Hayley, as an actress, and Peggy Carter has - a quality that Angie is drawn to, which is why she wants to be her friend. But there’s no way that she would be like, ”Oh, you must be a secret agent spy working for Iron Man’s father.”IGN: [Laughs] It would be amazing if she said exactly that!Fonseca: Could you imagine? Like she’s actually a fortune teller! [Laughs]IGN: It comes up frequently that people, because of Nikita, do wonder, “Is she going to fight at some point?”Fonseca: Part of me is actually a little bit nervous because my Nikita fanbase is really supportive and it’s still airing all over the world, so part of me is a little bit worried that they’re going to be waiting for that to happen and they’re going to be let down, almost. But this is a different show. This is a different universe. Angie is a different person and you’re going to have to eventually start seeing me doing different things. Nikita was a long run and I loved it but Angie is so different. I want my Nikita lovers and fans to want to watch this because they’re going to love it, and they do. But I want them to understand that Angie is not Alexandra Udinov. This is a different character and Angie does not know how to fight spies. She’s a waitress at an automat. And it’s fun. It’s a challenge and it’s different. I didn't want to come off Nikita and play another spy that kicks ass. I get to play Angie, who doesn’t have any idea what that is and it’s awesome.