Apparel for AllApparel for All BlogHopReady for a new bloghop? As a reader, I love bloghops because I can enter a bunch of giveaways quickly and easily that are all themed based. As a blogger, I enjoy coming together with other bloggers to promote each other through a theme based event. Either way… we all win!So we would like to welcome you to the “Apparel for All” Giveaway Hop hosted by Heather from Mommy’s Favorite Things and Michelle from Mama’s Baby Cupcakes. This hop has a Clothing/Accessories Theme, and each blog has a minimum prize package of $25 per winner.After entering my giveaway, make sure you use the linky below to take a look at the other blogs to see what they have to offer for you! Be sure to check out the Grand Prize on Mama’s Baby Cupcakes blog for a chance to win from Mama’s Jewelry, a site developed by Central Diamond Center to bring customized, gemstone jewelry often referred to as Mother’s Jewelry, Family Jewelry or Birthstone Jewelry.My Giveaway Details:For my stop along the bloghop trail I am offering a BE Headwear Bluetooth Beanie Hat. This beanie is amazing! You can listen to music or talk on the phone with the wireless mic.Isn’t it just too cute? To enter on my giveaway, simply use the giveaway form below. This is open to everyone but if you live outside the continental USA you will receive a PayPal gift card for $40.Share this:Like this:CommentsMy favorite winter hat was a big furry hat that I found at KMart. I wore it many years ago while with my son’s scout troop visiting Gettysburg on President’s Weekend. It may not have been very fashionable, but it did help keep me very warm during that February trip.another hat I have is more or less sentimental value, my gram crocheted it for me in my favorite colors right before she passed away. I use it for special occasions only. It is a light blue with a darker blue color.one of my favorite winter hats was a cute pink hat that had furry earflaps on it, I was always prone to getting bad ear infections as a child, so keeping the wind out of my ears was definitely something I wanted to do.I like cotton hats because they don’t cause any static. I also like to have my ears covered because I end up getting sick if the wind blows into them a lot. When I was young I used to wear a hat to bed boy, did I get teased but it did cut down on the number of ear aches I got.