Lasting Protection for Important Arctic Ocean HabitatLasting Protection for Important Arctic Ocean HabitatJanuary 29, 2015A high concentration of bearded seals reside amid the ice leads of the Chukchi Corridor, foraging around Hanna Shoal in summer, and migrating through Barrow Canyon in winter and spring. Photo Credit: NOAAA bowhead whale in the Arctic Ocean. Bowheads are incredibly long-lived whales that have been an important part of a subsistence culture and way of life for Arctic communities for thousands of years.A beluga whale pod in a polynya, a break in the Arctic sea ice. Photo Credit: Brad Benter, U.S. Fish and Wildlife ServiceFamily groups of walruses rest on sea ice between foraging and migrating. Areas such as Hanna Shoal in the Chukchi Sea are essential foraging and resting habitat for these mammals. Photo Credit: Brad Benter, U.S. Fish and Wildlife ServiceMany millions of seabirds, like these king eiders flying over an opening in the sea ice, migrate annually across long stretches of the Arctic Ocean, using marine habitat to feed, rest, and breed. Photo Credit: Kate StaffordFour bowhead whales migrate past the community of Barrow, Alaska, toward the Beaufort Sea. Bowheads migrate up the Bering Strait, along the Chukchi Sea Corridor, through the Barrow Canyon region, and into the Beaufort—and back—each year. Photo Credit: Kate StaffordA gray whale and her calf. Like bowheads, belugas, and other marine mammals, gray whales follow the abundance of food through the Bering Strait through the Chukchi Corridor. Each summer, gray whales forage around Barrow Canyon. Photo Credit: Cynthia Cristman, NOAAOn Jan. 27, 2015, President Barack Obama removed 9.8 million acres of ecologically valuable Arctic marine waters from future oil and gas leasing through the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. These areas have especially rich productivity, biodiversity, and resilience, and they support large concentrations of remarkable wildlife.About The Pew Charitable TrustsThe Pew Charitable Trusts is driven by the power of knowledge to solve today's most challenging problems. Pew applies a rigorous, analytical approach to improve public policy, inform the public and invigorate civic life.Trust MagazineOur quarterly news magazine. Every issue features articles on Pew’s work from across the organization.Read Current Issue