DescriptionReflection is the debut studio album by American girl group Fifth Harmony; it was released on February 3, 2015, by Syco Music and Epic Records.The album's lead single, "Boss" was released on July 7, 2014. It peaked at number 43 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for selling 500,000 copies. The album's second single, "Sledgehammer" premiered on October 28, 2014. It peaked at number 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 and it also became a certified gold by the RIAA for selling 500,000 copies. The album's third single "Worth It" was released in March 2015, and peaked at number 34 on the US Billboard Hot 100, selling over 215,000 copies.The album debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 with 80,000 units sold. It also debuted at number one on the Billboard Digital Albums Chart, becoming the first ever girl group album to do so. The album has since sold over 200,000 copies in the United States, as of April 15, 2015. The album was supported by the group's first major headlining tour, the Reflection Tour.Google Play reviews now use Google+ so it's easier to see opinions from people you care about. New reviews will be publicly linked to your Google+ profile. Your name on previous reviews now appears as "A Google User".Google Play reviews now use Google+ so it's easier to see opinions from people you care about. New reviews will be publicly linked to your Google+ profile. Your name on previous reviews now appears as "A Google User".Yea, um no. I feel like this,album makes them be who they are not. Like "trying" to be a combo of popular female artist. But really doesn't fit them. Its like a 90's throwback. I feel like if they're meant for more acoustic a more natural sound vs trying to be fake.Reflecting on this Album This album is really great, combining electronic sounding tunes with an early 2000s vibes. I am thoroughly impressed with the girls and their development since they left X-Factor after almost winning. It's rare to see a group, especially a girl group, reaching their potential and being so cohesive. Personally, I prefer the acoustic version of We Know, but that is the only thing I would personally change.I Love 5th Harmony♡♥♡♥♥ I love 5th Harmony so much they are so very talented. They are also so very pretty, every single one of them. I dont just like one person more I love them together. They are just so funny and its like this was faith for them to be put together. Like there song says BETTER TOGETHER. there amazing its just scary but good scary. When I first saw fifth harmony I thougtht they were all pretty and I like their song miss movin I used to jam to it all the time then didnt. But this past month ive been watching their interviews and how they were even put in a band then I fell in love with them like their music and their personality. Like they knew each other for 2 years or a little longer and they seem like they knew each other longer than just 2 years. They really love each other . It looks like to me that they knew each other their whole life. Their so funny and BETTER TOGETHER. So thank you so much fifth harmony for having such a big space in my heart and being a inspiration to me. I wish I can meet you one day. (who knows) my hands are startin to hurt but I love you so much. But you guys are worth it♥♥♥ cant wait to your album im going to pre-order it.. YEAAAAAAA!!!!!♥♥ bye.!Yea, um no. I feel like this,album makes them be who they are not. Like "trying" to be a combo of popular female artist. But really doesn't fit them. Its like a 90's throwback. I feel like if they're meant for more acoustic a more natural sound vs trying to be fake.Reflecting on this Album This album is really great, combining electronic sounding tunes with an early 2000s vibes. I am thoroughly impressed with the girls and their development since they left X-Factor after almost winning. It's rare to see a group, especially a girl group, reaching their potential and being so cohesive. Personally, I prefer the acoustic version of We Know, but that is the only thing I would personally change.I Love 5th Harmony♡♥♡♥♥ I love 5th Harmony so much they are so very talented. They are also so very pretty, every single one of them. I dont just like one person more I love them together. They are just so funny and its like this was faith for them to be put together. Like there song says BETTER TOGETHER. there amazing its just scary but good scary. When I first saw fifth harmony I thougtht they were all pretty and I like their song miss movin I used to jam to it all the time then didnt. But this past month ive been watching their interviews and how they were even put in a band then I fell in love with them like their music and their personality. Like they knew each other for 2 years or a little longer and they seem like they knew each other longer than just 2 years. They really love each other . It looks like to me that they knew each other their whole life. Their so funny and BETTER TOGETHER. So thank you so much fifth harmony for having such a big space in my heart and being a inspiration to me. I wish I can meet you one day. (who knows) my hands are startin to hurt but I love you so much. But you guys are worth it♥♥♥ cant wait to your album im going to pre-order it.. YEAAAAAAA!!!!!♥♥ bye.!A very successful debut! I've been hyped for a full length Fifth Harmony album since discovering their EP, and Reflection did not disappoint. Reminiscent of the girl groups of the new millennium these girls mix nostalgic sounds with modern style. Inundated with pop culture references, harmonies, and female empowerment this album showcases just who Fifth Harmony is. From slowed down tracks like We Know to upbeat hitters such as Worth It or Top Down, this album will appeal to every pop and r'n'b lover.FIFTH HRMARMONY R THE BEST I love fifth harmony so of course I wiil love their music as well and I do. They r an inspiration for me 2 be able to express myself and show my great singing to my family and friends. They make people happy and feel good about themselves and that is what everyone wants to be HAPPY.WHOA This is 5H's Best Album EVER. They are all beautiful and talented girls. I love the songs in this album, especially Them Girls Be Like, Sledgehammer, Top Down, Worth It, and Brave Honest Beautiful. Awesome Job Fifth Harmony!5H💖💖💖💖💖 I can't wait to hear this soon to be wonderful album! I've been a fan ever since their X Factor days, and I'm proud to be here for this moment! They are five amazingly talented girls who have the power to go down in history as one of the most amazing girl group's ever! Love them!Fifth Harmony is BAE! i love 5h! ever since i saw them on x factor i knew that they were going to be a hit. i love their new album reflection, i swear i listen to the whole thing EVERY SINGLE LIVING DAY! I LOVE YOU FIFTH HARMONY 😙😙😙. P.S. Sledgehammer, Reflection, Brave Honest Beautiful, Miss Movin On, and Worth it are my favorites😄Reflection? More like PERFECTION This album is everything! These girls promised us an album we would love and they delivered! Im 5H af and idc who knows it. I will bump this album until the next one comes outworth it I loved it the best song of all your songs Lord_Aizen little sister come to my school Cleveland elementary school 355 in new Jersey on my birthday June 26th 2015 chrisline send it go to classical number 7