There are lots of introductory C books, but this is the first one that has the no-nonsense, practical approach that has made Nutshell Handbooks(r) famous. C programming is more than just getting the syntax right. Style and debugging also play a tremendous part in creating programs that run well and are easy to maintain. This book teaches you not only the mechanics of programming, but also describes how to create programs that are easy to read, debug, and update. Practical rules are stressed. For example, there are fifteen precedence rules in C (&& comes before || comes before ?:). The practical programmer reduces these to two: * Multiplication and division come before addition and subtraction. Contrary to popular belief, most programmers do not spend most of their time creating code. Most of their time is spent modifying someone else's code. This books shows you how to avoid the all-too-common obfuscated uses of C (and also to recognize these uses when you encounter them in existing programs) and thereby to leave code that the programmer responsible for maintenance does not have to struggle with. Electronic Archaeology, the art of going through someone else's code, is described. This third edition introduces popular Integrated Development Environments on Windows systems, as well as UNIX programming utilities, and features a large statistics-generating program to pull together the concepts and features in the language.商品の説明出版社からのコメントThere are lots of introductory C books, but this is the one that has the no-nonsense, practical approach that has made Nutshell Handbooks(R) famous. C programming is more than just getting the syntax right. Style and debugging also play a tremendous part in creating programs that run well and are easy to maintain. This new edition of Practical C Programming teaches you not only the mechanics of programming, but also how to create programs that are easy to read, debug, and maintain. It features more extensive examples, offers an introduction to graphical development environments, and describes Electronic Archaeology (the art of going through someone else's code). As in earlier editions, practical rules are still stressed. For example, there are fifteen precedence rules in C (&& comes before || comes before ?:). The practical programmer reduces these to two: multiplication and division come before addition and subtraction put parentheses around everything else. Topics covered: Good programming style C syntax: what to use and what not to use The programming environment, including integrated development kits The total programming process Floating point limitations Tricks and surprises Program examples conform to ANSI C. Covers several Windows compilers, as well as UNIX compilers.著者についてSteve Oualline wrote his first program when he was eleven. It had a bug in it. Since that time he has studied practical ways of writing programs so that the risk of generating a bug is reduced. He currently works as a software engineer in Southern California. His spare time is spent on real engineering on a steam train at the Poway-Midland Railroad.最も参考になったカスタマーレビューLook for a cow on the cover of this book. I bought this book for a C in UNIX class. The C part is great. There is hardly a page that does not have an example or enlightening diagram. However, the only reference to applying this to UNIX is in the back where it "Practically" says that there are different versions of UNIX. It never really clamed to be a UNIX book on C. The section on unbufferd I/O has a little more on the UNIX handling of files. Over all, until something better comes along I am still using this book.Amazon.com で最も参考になったカスタマーレビュー (beta)Amazon.com: 64 件のカスタマーレビュー31 人中、30人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。The BEST C book this C programmer has ever read!1998/1/27投稿者 カスタマー - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバックI own literally shelves full of C and C++ books, and I've been programming in C professionally for almost ten years. This is THE book to have on C. I insist that every junior programmer I work with has a copy! It addresses not only programming syntax but good software engineering practices, and it has the most realistic real-world types of problems I have ever seen. When he asks you to find the bug in a section of code, those are exactly the type of bugs I see in novice programmers' code again and again. C is not a language for people who need to be coddled, and this book doesn't hold your hand; it just gives you lots of great information on C and how to do good software engineering. If you are a serious C professional, you should own this book.29 人中、25人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。O'Reilly - A way of life...1999/8/1投稿者 カスタマー - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバックReading other people's reviews for most of the O'Reilly series books, what most people are forgetting is that O'Reilly books are not for the faint hearted. These books are written by people who use these languages for a living. They teach people in the more advanced capabilities of the language and the proper ways to use it. In fact, several of the books are written by people who were developing the languages. Practical C Programming and all other books in the Nutshell series are for technicly enclined people, not for beginners to the area. These books have been ranked as the best of the best for a reason, their real. Any book that tells you your going to learn a language in 21 days is not going to teach you any details and turn you into a code copier, not a code programmer. But then again, that's MHO.8 人中、8人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。Good for instruction but buggy examples2001/12/1投稿者 Jamin W. Collins - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバックI recently purchased the 8/01 printing of this book. I did so after a quick scan of the book. My decision was heavily based on the fact that it's publish by O'Reilly, a company I had come to trust for accuracy. The code examples in this book begin to make me question that trust.Don't get me wrong, the author is very clear in conveying the given topics, and for that alone the book is worth purchasing. However, the book is riddled with errors in the example code. In some cases the errors are intentional and corrected later as part of the lesson. Many others have been reported to O'Reilly, but appear to have gone unchecked. The current errata page for this book is quite long and was last updated (8/15/01 as of this writing) during the same month as the printing I have. However, O'Reilly still has these glaring errors classified as unverified.Overall the book has been a wonderful learning tool, but you must take the source with a hefty grain of salt, and make your first stop O'Reilly's errata page.20 人中、17人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。Maybe as an introduction, but worthless as a reference2002/11/27投稿者 Scott D Pedersen - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバックThis book does a reasonable job introducing basic C concepts. However, the topics are interspersed with the author's opinions on programming style and process. This makes looking up answers difficult. Furthermore, major language concepts are either glossed over briefly, or left out entirely (e.g. I can find no mention of function pointers). I bought this book expecting something like other O'Reilly titles (a concise and thorough language reference), but I ended up fairly disappointed. Finally, the author's attacks against Intel's x86 architecture, however accurate, are inappropriate for a guide to a programming language.7 人中、7人の方が、｢このレビューが参考になった｣と投票しています。A Very Good C Book. Typical O'Reilly Excellence.1999/7/14投稿者 カスタマー - (Amazon.com)形式: ペーパーバック Amazonで購入If you are at all familiar with O'Reilly computer books, you know that they typically put out a good product. This book is no exception. It is not a book for "dummies" or "idiots" in that it does not present the material in 5 sentence paragraphs and have zillions of useless pictures. In addition, it does not purport to teach you something as complex a C programming in an exorbitantly short period. What is DOES do, is teach you C Programming in a straight forward and through manner. The O'Reilly books -- and this one is no exception -- are no nonsense technical books. They get to the heart of the subject matter and deal with it. You don't have to be a computer guru; but you must posses some basic common sense and a willingness to learn a subject, and not just expect to be an expert by reading a book. Programming is learnt by doing, Period!. This book acts as your guide as you practice and learn this wonderful skill. All the source code in the book (i.e. the examples) can be downloaded from O'Reilly's web site. If you want to learn C, get this book.(P.S. No, I do not have any vested interest or personal stake in O'Reilly Publishing... I am just tired of sub-standard books in the computer industry and applaud this company's quality work.)