DSCOVR:Deep Space Climate ObservatoryTracking Earth's Space EnvironmentDSCOVR has reached the halfway mark to the L1 positionFebruary 24, 2015In just 12 days after it launched, NOAA's DSCOVR satellite has reached the halfway mark to the L1 position. In 12 days, DSCOVR has traveled approximately 0.8M kilometers. However, just as a ball loses speed at the top of its arc, DSCOVR is losing speed.As DSCOVR moves further away from the earth, the sun's gravity comes into play and bends the trajectory. This results in curved trajectory versus a "straight-line" approach. It will take DSCOVR another 100 days to travel the remaining distance to L1. This will put the expected arrival time of DSCOVR at L1 around the beginning of June. More DSCOVR News »DSCOVR just after launchAbout the MissionThe Deep Space Climate Observatory, or DSCOVR, will maintain the nation's real-time solar wind monitoring capabilities which are critical to the accuracy and lead time of NOAA's space weather alerts and forecasts. Without timely and accurate warnings, space weather events like the geomagnetic storms caused by changes in solar wind have the potential to disrupt nearly every major public infrastructure system, including power grids, telecommunications, aviation and GPS.DSCOVR will succeed NASA's Advanced Composition Explore's (ACE) role in supporting solar wind alerts and warnings from the L1 orbit, the neutral gravity point between the Earth and sun approximately one million miles from Earth. L1 is a good position from which to monitor the sun, because the constant stream of particles from the sun (the solar wind) reaches L1 about an hour before reaching Earth.From this position, DSCOVR will typically be able to provide 15 to 60 minute warning time before the surge of particles and magnetic field, known as a coronal mass ejection (or CME), associated with a geomagnetic storm reaches Earth. DSCOVR data will also be used to improve predictions of geomagnetic storm impact locations. Our national security and economic well-being, which depend on advanced technologies, are at risk without these advanced warnings.News UpdatesDSCOVR Successfully LaunchedDSCOVR Briefing from Kennedy Space CenterFebruary 7, 2015NASA schedules briefing on launch of NOAA space weather missionFebruary 6, 2015DSCOVR LogoNOAA's Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) mission is the focus of a NASA televised news conference at 1 p.m. EST on Saturday, Feb. 7. The briefing will be held at the Kennedy Space Center Press Site and streamed live on NASA's website.Watch the launch live on NASA Television. Coverage begins at 3:30pm EST on launch day, February 8, 2015, http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/nasatv.NOAA's DSCOVR: Offering A New View of the Solar WindFebruary 6, 2015Three instruments will help measure the solar wind on the DSCOVR mission: (shown from left to right), the Faraday cup to monitor the speed and direction of positively-charged solar wind particles, the electron spectrometer to monitor electrons, and a magnetometer to measure magnetic fields. Image Credit: NASA/DSCOVRThere's a fascinating spot some 932,000 miles away from Earth where the gravity between the sun and Earth is perfectly balanced. This spot captures the attention of orbital engineers because a satellite can orbit this spot, called Lagrange 1 just as they can orbit a planet. But the spot tantalizes scientists as well: Lagrange 1 lies outside Earth's magnetic environment, a perfect place to measure the constant stream of particles from the sun, known as the solar wind, as they pass by. Read More...NASA Kennedy Space Center Launches Photo Page for NOAA DSCOVRFebruary 6, 2015Kennedy has activated their photo page for NOAA's DSCOVR mission in preparation for the launch.View the photo page...DSCOVR Ready to Spread its WingsFebruary 5, 2015Workers conduct a light test on the solar arrays on NOAA's Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft, or DSCOVR, in the Building 1 high bay at the Astrotech payload processing facility in Titusville, Florida, near NASA's Kennedy Space Center.Q & A on NOAA's DSCOVR MissionFebruary 4, 2015Workers remove the plastic cover from NOAA's Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft, or DSCOVR, in the high bay of Building 1 at the Astrotech payload processing facility in Titusville, Florida, near Kennedy Space Center. Photo Credit: NASA Kennedy Space CenterUnwrapping DSCOVR for the New YearDecember 22, 2014NOAA's Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft, or DSCOVR is being unwrapped for the New Year and prepared for launch. In this photo, DSCOVR, wrapped in plastic, comes into view as the protective shipping container is lifted from around the spacecraft at the Astrotech payload processing facility in Titusville, Florida, near NASA's Kennedy Space Center. Photo credit: NASADSCOVR readies for launch next monthDSCOVR Mission's EPIC - Earth Polychromatic Imaging CameraDecember 15, 2014EPIC instrument views the entire sunlit face of the Earth from sunrise to sunset in 10 narrowband channels, from ultraviolet to near infrared. These measurements can be used to determine ozone, aerosols, cloud heights, dust, volcanic ash. Photo credit: NASA Learn more about DSCOVR instruments at: http://www.nesdis.noaa.gov/DSCOVR/spacecraft.htmlDSCOVR Mission's NISTAR: NIST Advanced RadiometerDecember 8, 2014NISTAR is a cavity radiometer designed to measure the reflected and emitted energy in four broadband channels from the entire sunlit face of Earth to help improve understanding of the effects of changes in Earth's radiation budget. NISTAR will fly aboard the Deep Space Climate Observatory, or DSCOVR, spacecraft, scheduled for a 2015 launch. Photo credit: NASALearn more about DSCOVR instruments at: http://www.nesdis.noaa.gov/DSCOVR/spacecraft.htmlDSCOVR Satellite Arrives in Florida for LaunchNovember 25, 2014Photo credit: NASA/Kim ShiflettThe truck delivering NOAA's Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft, or DSCOVR, enclosed in a protective shipping container, backs up to the door of the airlock of Building 2 at the Astrotech payload processing facility in Titusville, Florida, near Kennedy Space Center. DSCOVR is a partnership between NOAA, NASA and the U.S. Air Force. DSCOVR will maintain the nation's real-time solar wind monitoring capabilities which are critical to the accuracy and lead time of NOAA's space weather alerts and forecasts. Launch is currently scheduled for January 2015 aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 v 1.1 launch vehicle from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida.DSCOVR mission passes major milestonesNovember 20, 2014DSCOVR satellite at NASA Goddard in Greenbelt, Md., waits to be shipped to Cape Canaveral, Fla.The upcoming Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR), a satellite designed to monitor and warn of harmful solar activity that could impact Earth, recently cleared two major reviews and remains on track to launch January 23, 2015.Passing the Pre-ship Review confirmed the satellite's hardware and software was ready to be transported to the launch site at Cape Canaveral, Fla. DSCOVR arrived in Florida today (November 20). Clearing the Operational Readiness Review certified DSCOVR had a successful assessment of its ground system readiness, flight concept of operations, project management, operations and sustainment plans, safety and mission assurance, system design, technical management, training and product validation.NOAA will manage the DSCOVR mission, giving advanced warning of approaching solar storms. NASA, funded by NOAA, refurbished the DSCOVR satellite and instruments, which were in storage for several years. The U.S. Air Force is funding and overseeing the launch of DSCOVR, which will be aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket.NOAA's mission is to understand and predict changes in the Earth's environment, from the depths of the ocean to the surface of the sun, and to conserve and manage our coastal and marine resources. Join us on Twitter, Facebook, and FlickrDSCOVR Mission Hosts Two NASA Earth-Observing InstrumentsOctober 21, 2014The Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR), a mission lead by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in partnership with NASA and the U.S. Air Force, will collect space weather measurements to enable space weather forecasting by NOAA. The satellite is planned for launch in January 2015 from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Space Launch Complex in Florida.In addition to the space weather instruments, NASA is providing two Earth-observing instruments on the spacecraft, the Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera (EPIC) and the National Institute of Standards and Technology Advanced Radiometer (NISTAR).DSCOVR (formerly known as Triana) was originally conceived in the late 1990s as a NASA Earth science mission that would provide a near continuous view of Earth and measure Earth's albedo. Triana was canceled and the satellite went into storage in 2001.NOAA funded NASA to remove DSCOVR from storage and test it in 2008. The same year, the Committee on Space Environmental Sensor Mitigation Options (an interagency assessment requested by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy) determined that DSCOVR was the optimal solution for meeting NOAA and U.S. Air Force space weather requirements.NOAA is responsible for the DSCOVR mission, providing program management, spacecraft operation and distribution of all mission data. NOAA funded NASA to refurbish the spacecraft, recalibrate the space weather sensors, prepare the spacecraft for launch; develop the ground systems and operations; and provide technical management of the space segment. DSCOVR will succeed NASA's Advanced Composition Explorer's (ACE) role in supporting solar wind alerts and warnings from NOAA.In 2012, NASA brought the spacecraft out of storage at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, where the spacecraft was originally built. NASA inspected the instruments, tested the mechanisms, provided new electrical components and conducted environmental tests of the observatory.In addition, NASA funded the refurbishment and recalibration of the two Earth science instruments and is supporting the analysis of their data. The U.S. Air Force will provide the SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle through their launch services contract with SpaceX.NASA Earth Science InstrumentsDSCOVR will make unique space measurements from the first sun-Earth Lagrange point (L1). The L1 point is on the direct line between Earth and the sun located 1.5 million kilometers (930,000 miles) sunward from Earth, and is a neutral gravity point between Earth and the sun. The spacecraft will be orbiting this point in a six-month orbit with a spacecraft-Earth-sun angle varying between 4 and 15 degrees.This L1 vantage point offers a continuous view of the entire sunlit half of Earth in a "snapshot," as opposed to other Earth observing satellites situated closer to Earth that capture an image strip that is later "stitched" together.The NASA Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera (EPIC) instrument provides spectral images of the entire sunlit face of Earth, as viewed from an orbit around L1. EPIC is able to view the entire sunlit Earth from sunrise to sunset.EPIC's observations will provide a unique angular perspective, and will be used in science applications to measure ozone and aerosol amounts, cloud height, vegetation properties and ultraviolet reflectivity of Earth. The data from EPIC will be used by NASA for a number of Earth science developments including dust and volcanic ash maps of the entire Earth.EPIC makes images of the sunlit face of the Earth in 10 narrowband spectral channels. As part of EPIC data processing, a full disk true color Earth image will be produced about every two hours. This information will be publicly available through NASA Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, approximately 24 hours after the images are acquired.The National Institute of Standards and Technology Advanced Radiometer (NISTAR) is the other DSCOVR NASA instrument, a cavity radiometer designed to measure the reflected and emitted energy (in the 0.2 to 100 micron range) from the entire sunlit face of Earth. This measurement is intended to improve understanding of the effects of changes in Earth's radiation budget caused by human activities and natural phenomena.The information from NISTAR can be used for climate science applications. NISTAR will measure the amount of reflected sunlight and the thermal radiation of Earth in the direction towards the sun. These quantities are key ingredients of current climate models.The NASA-Sponsored Earth Science ResearchNASA's Science Mission Directorate selected the following proposals for the development of algorithms for the Earth-observing EPIC and NISTAR instruments on DSCOVR.Accurate Ozone Product from EPIC Research Lead Richard McPeters, NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, will research methods to accurately capture short-term changes in the distribution of tropospheric ozone driven by geochemical and geophysical processes.Global Total Ozone and Volcanic Sulfur Dioxide Products from EPIC Research Lead Kai Yang, University of Maryland at College Park, will produce total ozone and sulfur dioxide vertical columns, ultraviolet reflectivity and ultraviolet aerosol index products from EPIC ultraviolet measurements.Enhancements and Maintenance of EPIC Level 1 Calibration Research Lead Alexander Cede, SciGlob Instruments & Services, LLC, will develop products to improve the pre-launch calibration and stray light correction of EPIC based on proper analysis of in-flight data in combination with re-analysis of pre-launch data.Determining the Daytime Global Radiation Budget from DSCOVR Research Lead Patrick Minnis, NASA Langley Research Center, will develop a system that provides a global daytime Earth's radiation budget with accuracy better than 1.5 percent using both EPIC and NISTAR measurements.With the launch of the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) satellite mission in early 2015, the United States will extend its ability to give accurate warnings of solar activity that could potentially wreak havoc throughout society and the economy on Earth.The refrigerator-sized satellite is scheduled to soar into orbit in early 2015 from Cape Canaveral, Florida, aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 launch vehicle.DSCOVR, a partnership between NOAA, NASA and the U.S. Air Force, will orbit the sun at the L1 libration point - a stable point in space, where gravitational forces of Earth and the sun are in equilibrium - approximately one million miles away from Earth toward the sun. From the L1 location, the satellite's sensors can detect solar storms before their impacts reach Earth. The satellite will also host NASA-funded secondary sensors for Earth and space science observations.DSCOVR Satellite (credit NASA)NOAA will manage the DSCOVR mission, giving advanced warning of approaching solar storms with the potential to cripple electrical grids, disrupt communication systems, throw off GPS navigation, reroute air travel, affect satellite operations and endanger human spaceflight. According to a National Research Council Report (See "Severe Space Weather Events--Understanding Societal and Economic Impacts: A Workshop Report" [2008]), damages from the most extreme solar storms could range between $1 trillion-$2 trillion within the first year and four to 10 years for full recovery."We must always stay on top of developing solar storm activity and provide accurate, timely forecasts," said Mike Simpson, the DSCOVR program manager at NOAA. "DSCOVR will extend our capability to do that."Currently, NASA's Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE), launched in 1997, is the only spacecraft providing solar storm data to the NOAA Space Weather Prediction Center (SWPC) in Boulder, Colorado, for operational short-term warnings of solar storms. It is also stationed at the L1 point, giving forecasters data on approaching solar events. However, ACE is operating 10+ years beyond its design life.DSCOVR observations will typically enable SWPC to provide 15 to 60 minute warning lead times before the impact of a solar storm hits Earth, which is similar to what ACE currently provides."The instruments on DSCOVR will improve upon what we have with ACE, as they will continue to operate even during severe space weather storms. The DSCOVR data will also be used to drive the next generation of space weather models, allowing forecasters to specify where on Earth the storm conditions will be at their worst," said Doug Biesecker, DSCOVR program scientist at SWPC.Formerly known as Triana, DSCOVR was initially planned in the late 1990s as a NASA Earth science mission that would image Earth in 10 spectral bands and measure how much energy was being reflected and emitted from Earth. Seven years later, NOAA and the Air Force worked with NASA to remove DSCOVR from storage so the spacecraft and instruments could be tested to verify their flight readiness.NOAA funded NASA to refurbish the DSCOVR satellite and instruments. The U.S. Air Force is funding and overseeing the launch of the spacecraft.In the fall of 2013, after a period of testing and other technical inspections, NOAA and NASA confirmed DSCOVR could meet requirements within its planned life cycle cost and projected schedule. Then the DSCOVR program received full funding with the FY 2014 appropriations."That [full funding] allowed us to maintain our current schedule for launch," Simpson said. He added the last steps before launch include the completion of the spacecraft environmental testing, testing of the ground system, and delivery of the launch vehicle."After that's done, it's go for launch," Simpson said.NOAA's Satellite Operations Facility in Suitland, Maryland, will manage DSCOVR operations, and the Space Weather Prediction Center in Boulder, Colorado, will process and distribute its data to users within the United States and around the world.