85 000+ White people have been MURDERED in brutal GENOCIDAL attacks UNDER THE COMMUNIST ANC’S, “MANIFESTO,” And still continues in South Africa… #StopWhiteGenocideInSAMain MenuWhites To Rule South Africa Again?Not many people outside the borders of South Africa would have heard of Nicolaas Pieter Johannes Janse van Rensburg – nicknamed “Siener” (Seer/Soothsayer)Siener lived between 1864 and 1926 in the Transvaal Republic – which later became part of South Africa. The Boer people of South Africa consider him a prophet who was sent by God to help them with his remarkably accurate visions.He correctly predicted the British concentration camps for the Boer women/children and elderly during the Second Boer War – where the British starved 30 000 to death. He also used his visions to help the Boers and General Koos del le Rey evade the British forces during that war. He never took up arms.He also correctly predicted the death of del le Rey a few days prior to him being shot.Van Rensburg also predicted the divorce and tragic death of a beautiful English lady in a car accident who would be mourned by the whole world, which I believe could be none other than the late Princess of Wales, Diana,”He was a deeply religious person who was taught by his mother to read the Bible. He couldn’t write, but his visions were recorded by others like his daughter Anna Badenhorst. His visions not only concerned the welfare of the Boer people during his time, but he was also able to accurately predict several future world events with stunning accuracy.Van Rensburg also prophesied the release of Nelson Mandela by ex-President F.W. de Klerk and that South Africa would be governed by a black government, And AIDS/HIVIn addition, van Rensburg predicted civil war in Bosnia. His predictions, include prophecies that Japan will be destroyed by earthquakes,He has prophesied a great war (Third World War?) which will be fought from the air and will involve Russia – which slides back into Communism – and joins up with China and the Middle East to fight against America and Germany. The war is won by the West, with Germany becoming the leading economic nation on earth. England is all but destroyed during the war.If you look at how Russia is aligning itself with China and the Middle East, then this can’t be too far off. However, I can’t see Russia sliding back into Communism under Putin, so maybe this great war is still a ways off.During this time, Africa will fall into anarchy and mass starvation. The Afrikaners will have many forces against them, but they will rise again and regain their freedom. They will take their destiny into their own hands.In 1916 he said he sees South Africa with a Black government, and this will be the worst time for Afrikaners.Shortly before his death in 1926, van Rensburg himself said, ‘Our nation will become free; I see them trekking inland where they congregate in a large mass; I see some going west, where they will fight and revolution breaking out among them, but everything will happen without any blood being shed. On the past of our nation, and on the present, there is no stigma; hope in the future and aim for the best you can achieve.'”On his death bed he said he sees the Vierkleur flying again (Vierkleur = four colours). The Vierkleur was the flag used by the Transvaal Republic and was also used by the Boer rebels during the Maritz Rebellion as the flag of their insurgent South African Republic from 1914 to 1915.Vierkleur flagAlthough Siener didn’t do dates he did say the trouble in South Africa would almost coincide with catastrophic events happening around the world (including World War III) and the Boerevolk would succeed in their “final and fiercest struggle”. According to Oom Niklaas, that all this will come to pass when the ice starts melting.English PDF book written about SienerWatch and more importantly, listen carefully to this three part television documentary about Siener van Rensburg and draw your own conclusions.Seer Niklaas van RensburgFAIR USE NOTICE: This book may contain copyrighted material the use of which has notbeen pre-authorized by the copyright owner. Such material is made available to advance understanding of political, economic, scientific, social, art, media, and cultural issues. Material on this site is distributed without profit to persons interested in such information for research and educational purposes. If you want to use any copyrighted material that mayexist on this site for purposes that go beyond ‘fair use’, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. This book may not be sold in any way. You may not claim that you are the auther of it.A copy is also available in the form of downloadable e-book at :http://www.scribd.com/doc/57010780/SienerEnglishWatchman Willie Martin Archive Obtained fromIt has been a privilege to translate this very important book; a book with a clear message from a prophet of the Almighty God to his people, not only present in the Southern point of Africa, but also to the Western World. If one reads these visions of the Seer Nicolaas van Rensburg, one finds the Hand of Almighty God always present, surely guiding His people towards their destiny, according to His Will, through all the errors made by this stiff-necked people out of own choice.The time of this destiny is on the horizon and like the sun at dawn, only a faint light is visible, but as the sun rises over and above the horizon, its light suddenly becomes bright and clear. So also will the time of this destiny suddenly appear. The brightness thereof will be such, that it will consume their enemies like that of fire, forever to be destroyed.Jeremiah chapter 51:20: “Is tusa mo thau agus mo ghai-sce cogaidh ina n-aonar ina bhfichidi augus ina mbeirt agus ina sivaite!” (Thou art my battle-axe and weapons of war, for with Thee will I break in pieces the Nations and with Thee will I destroy kingdoms). After the great struggle has ended, may we then voice the following to the Honour of our God “Wha hae wi God bled.”General informationPurists will probably find much to criticize about while perusing this book, as the language therein is inclined to be rather archaic. However, rewriting it into modern English would change the whole character of the Seer Van Rensburg’s story. As the reader will learn, Seer was a simple, humble man who had no formal education, being able only to read his Bible with great difficulty.The manner in which he describes his visions may initially seem confusing, and sometimes may not even make sense to the average reader. However, as the story unfolds, the reader will become more familiar with his particular style. To facilitate understanding of the symbols which he used, a complete list will be found elsewhere in this book.The term ‘Kaffir/s’ has been retained wherever the Seer describes his visions in which blacks are featured. Should anyone feel offended by this, please understand that no offence is intended, but the term is in keeping with his style of expression and the period in which he lived.All Biblical quotations used in the text have been taken from the King James Version, except where specifically marked: ‘Good News Bible’.The Seer often refers to shoes or boots in his visions. Please note that the shoes or boots generally worn in his day were known as ‘velskoene’ (literally ‘skin’-shoes). Many farmers of his day made their own shoes or boots from tanned ox- or other hide, and although not as stylish as the factory product, were nonetheless sturdy, tough and hardwearing.The War of 1899 – 1902 is commonly referred to as the Anglo Boer War. It is also known as the Boer War, Second Boer War, Second War of Liberation or Freedom. For the sake of conformity the latter term is used throughout most of the text.Aloes, or aloe trees are often used throughout the text. However, the aloes referred to here are the Agave, American aloe or sisal plant, commonly called ‘garingbome’ (cotton-trees) in Afrikaans.