Sweden’s 38 000 mutilated girlsThe Swedish welfare agency Socialstyrelsen estimates that some 38 000 girls have already been subjected to severe mutilation of their private parts, with another 19 000 being “in danger” of the procedure.The procedure is the removal of parts of the female anatomy, so that no pleasure can be derived from sex as an adult. The procedure is usually done with a razorblade or simple knife without anasthesia. More info on Female Genital Mutilation (FGM), also known as female genital cutting and female circumcision, can be found on WHO and Wikipedia.This barbaric practice is common in Africa and has followed the tide of immigration to Sweden. FGM is of course illegal, but since Sweden has a knee-jerk response to drop anything questioning the religious customs of any immigrant, virtually no enforcement or tracking is in place to protect the girls. The report linked above is an estimate, since noone has the guts to actually address the issue. When local health workers try to sound the alarm about the rise in FGM, the decision-makers wring their hands and start mumbling about “personal integrity” to avoid the risk of being portrayed as “racist” in the media.The result is that absolutely nothing is done to protect these girls from lifelong mutilation, right here, in a presumed civilized country governed by just laws intended to shield children from exactly this type of thing.Meanwhile, the main issue being discussed by the “feminists” in Sweden is the need for affirmative action to force more upper-class women into the board of directors of the country’s publicy traded corporations.Like this:RelatedPost navigation15 thoughts on “Sweden’s 38 000 mutilated girls”Wait a second… Sweden has among the strictest child protection laws in the world. Even slapping an unruly kid brings severe punishment. A teacher grabbing the arm of a kid actively beating up another (smaller) kid is grounds for dismissal.But mutilating a little girl for life goes unpunished..? Because it’s done in the name of Islam..?What can one say, really? The West has lost the plot under a sea of political correctness and sadly it is close to if not too late to reverse this folly. By our silence we are condoning these barbaric practices.Germany (Ringel / Meyer; Tatjana Hörnle), bad enough, and unfortunately now even Great Britain are paving the way towards the so called “mild Sunnah” type, towards a legal FGM. We should stop this, any form of FGM or MGM should be banned everywhere. ::Now UK judge James Munby compares male circumcision with FGM – without demanding a ban on ritual circumcision of minors. Are fears of legalisation of female genital mutilation (FGM Type IV and maybe also Type Ia) in the UK unfounded? ::In the matter of B and G (Children) (No 2) Sir James Munby, President of the Family Division:: Judge Sir James Munby can know that the circumcision of girls is religion, part of several hadith and many fatwa. The Fiqh (Islamic Jurisprudence) of Shafii madhhab and many Ulama of Hanbali madhhab regard FGM as wajib, i. e. as a religious duty. So khitan al-inath (sunat perempuan; FGM) is part of authentic Islam.Hadith. Muhammad said to the muqaṭṭiʿa al-buẓūr (cutter of clitorises) Umm ʿAṭiyya:أشمِّي ولا تنهكي ašimmī wa-lā tanhakī [Cut] slightly and do not overdo itToday several Muslim clerics promote a “mild sunnah” circumcision; who tells Judge Munby about this fatwa: What is the Ruling on Circumcision for Women?Circumcision is obligatory upon men and women according to us (i.e. the Shafi’is). (Majmu’ of Imam An-Nawawi 1:164) The circumcision is wajib upon men and women according to the rājih qawl of Shāfi’ī madhhab. Answered by: Sidi Abdullah Muḥammad al-Marbūqī al-Shāfi’ī. Checked by: Al-Ustāż Fauzi ibn Abd RahmanMy real concern is that Europe will soon legalise some “mild” forms of the Classification of FGM.And again: any form of FGM or MGM should be banned everywhere.s o u r c e sA Cutting Tradition. By SARA CORBETT. The New York Times. Published: January 20, 2008Unfortunately, some of the girls are brought to their home countries for the procedure and then brought back. There is no way to prove which crimes took place under Swedish jurisdiction and which were not. At least not as things stand today, where girls at risk can’t be flagged or kept an extra eye on. Racial profiling and all that.Creating ‘Political will’ is the challenge. This costs tax dollars. First, pass a specific law re females that makes it a criminal offence for such procedures to be conducted in Sweden; or, if the procedure has been performed outside of Sweden on a person who is a citizen of Sweden or a landed immigrant in Sweden. Failure to report such a procedure shall be considered a criminal offence carrying the same penalty as for a procedure in Sweden. The list of possible persons who may be charged becomes longer when ‘failure to report’ is added. Comment: This will emphasise to all that it is not acceptable and penalties may apply. Proof may be difficult but the onus is visble.Circumcism of males must be debated and dealt with separately or there is a dilution of efforts. Females are more at risk of inadequate or dangerous operations and the reduction or destruction of sexual enjoyment is not similar.Male circumcision: the practice is NOT very different from female genital mutilation, so circumcision of female (FGM) or male (MGM) children under the age of 18 should be prohibited.Basic Human Genital Anatomy:“Neurologically, the most specialized pressure-sensitive cells in the human body are Meissner’s corpuscles for localized light touch and fast touch, Merkel’s disc cells for light pressure and tactile form and texture, Ruffini’s corpuscles for slow sustained pressure, deep skin tension, stretch, flutter and slip, and Pacinian corpuscles for deep touch and detection of rapid external vibrations. They are found only in the tongue, lips, palms, fingertips, nipples, and the clitoris and the crests of the ridged band at the tip of the male foreskin. These remarkable cells process tens of thousands of information impulses per second and can sense texture, stretch, and vibration/movement at the micrometre level. These are the cells that allow blind people to “see” Braille with their fingertips. Cut them off and, male or female, it’s like trying to read Braille with your elbow.Physiologically, the clitoris is richly endowed with thousands of these specialized pressure-sensitive nerves and the clitoral foreskin is virtually bereft of them. The ridged band at the tip of the the penile foreskin is richly endowed with thousands of these same specialized pressure-sensitive nerves and the glans is virtually bereft of them. Lightening speed feedback by somatosensory transduction from such tactile sensitivity gives humans intense pleasure, environmental awareness, and control. Cut off these super-sensitive cells and with lack of awareness comes lack of control. To say that amputation of the clitoris or amputation of the mobile roller-bearing-like portion of the natural penis, and consequently thousands of these specialized nerve cell interfaces, does not permanently sub-normalize a woman’s or a man’s natural capabilities and partially devitalize their innate capacity for gliding action tactile pleasure is grossly illogical denial of the bio-mechanical and the somatosensory facts of human genital anatomy.Mechanically, the natural vaginal and penile lubricants are kept inside the vagina during male/female intercourse by the organic seal effect of the mobile penile foreskin. The mechanoreceptors in the buried legs of the intact clitoris straddle the entroitus of the vagina and are stimulated by the identical mechanoreceptors in the thick bunching accordion folds of the mobile penile foreskin. The clitoris and the penile foreskin are also intensely vascular – thickening when stimulated. Millions of years of trial and error evolutionary forces have synchronously engineered the human sex organs to function synergistically. We can be sure Nature has evolved (if you prefer, God has created) these differences and duplications for a reason. The brilliantly engineered unaltered female body is the perfect match for the equally brilliantly engineered design of the natural penis; they evolved together to compliment each other and they function collaboratively to achieve two common goals – mutual pleasure and insemination.A woman can live without the sensitivity of the visible part of her clitoris. A man can live without the mobile and most sensitive part of his penis. But, both men and women are better off with their natural fine-touch parts intact – all of them. And so are their sexual partners.”