Bidding has ended on this item.This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabThis amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees. This amount is subject to change until you make payment. If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. For additional information, see the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions- opens in a new window or tabSeven Rays Crystal LLCMalachite An ancient Stone of Transformation "Malachite can create an unobstructed path leading to a desired goal. It is an excellent stone for clarifying the emotions and allowing for both the recognition and release of negative experiences which one cannot recall. "* Transformation can only occur when we release a part of ourselves to allow a new birth. The old Death and Resurrection myth which is as old as the seasons. Malachite was prized by the ancient priests of many cultures as a power stone allowing intuitive insight and guidance on the spiritual journey. *"Love is in the Earth" by MelodyMalachite is used in crystal healing to decrease one's tendency to radiation illness, adrenal glands asthma, arthritis, pregnancy, childbirth, acid reflux (GERD), immune system, epilepsy and seizures, headaches, circulatory system, bones, skin disorders, vertigo, teeth, gums, rising throat problems, tissue regeneration, and tumors. It is also used for general healing by way of transforming illness and dis-ease to a state of well-being. In natural combination with azurite it is also used for compulsiveness, anxiety, stress, asthma (as with malachite alone), cancer, astral projection, clairvoyance.Please look at my other items, ThanksFrom Seven Rays Crystal;The pictures are of the item you will receive.Follow my new listings on twitter-user name stonekeeper777All the crystals, minerals and specimens that I sell are purchased from reliable, trusted companies, some with 24 years of supplying the highest quality products from around the world. I have experimented myself with hundreds of crystals and minerals and know from my experience that they have amazing characteristics that can heal, help you sleep, relax muscles, relieve pain and reduce depression and stress, even lower blood pressure.SHIPPING; I will ship your order in a USPS flat rate box and am willing to put as many multiple purchases as I can fit in the box, for the same price, to reduce shipping. If you purchase multiple items, send me an e-mail to let me know that you have found everything you want, wait until I send you an e-mail with an invoice that combines shipping, then send the payment. I prefer USPS flat rate boxes because the tracking keeps any problems from arising. It comes with free insurance up to $50.00. The same size box sent first class with added insurance usually costs more to ship.INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING; I am in the eBay GLOBAL SHIPPING PROGRAM. Buyers are responsible for all shipping costs including taxes, duties and import fees or any other fees required by your Country. There is NO combined shipping on International orders.PAYMENT; quick payment is appreciated. I am in the eBay automatic "unpaid item assistant" program. Ebay will open a case for non payment after four days of not receiving payment. If you need more time to find multiple items, please e-mail me.Disclaimer: The metaphysical and healing properties outlined for my products are for inspiration and reference. These properties are dependent upon the attitude and beliefs of the individual. In no way are they meant to replace diagnosis or treatment by a qualified therapist or physician.Place bidBy clicking Confirm bid, you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder.By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Program terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.