Liability:First-class portal and its parent company do not warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the quality, accuracy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information, product or service represented on this website. The information provided on First-class portal is for educational or entertainment purposes only. Anyone using the information on First-class portal, whether medical, legal, business or other, does so at his or her own risk, and by using such information agrees to indemnify First-class portal, its parent company and its content providers from any and all liability, loss, injury, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and expenses) arising from such use.Outdoor motion detector is also called as outdoor motion sensor. This sensor is usually placed outside of a house. This detector is able to detect any movement in certain range. You do not have to worry about intruder or other villain to enter your house.The most common outdoor motion detector is lighting sensor. If you concern with your family and property security, you can install this lighting sensor to help you watch your house and your property. In a location where crime is often occurred, this device will be very helpful.The sensor in this device will turn on the light on the device. It works almost like a reflex action. You can install this device in every place that you think that will be vulnerable such as garage and front door or big window. It will protect and watch the area to give you better protection and security.Anyone who would try to intrude to your house need to think twice since the light on the motion sensor is able to awake the whole family members. They should choose a house that has no motion sensor to interrupt their action. Statistic says that villain and intruder will choose to intrude and rob a house or building that has no motion sensor. Since the light will be noticed from the outside, you will easily spot and find the intruder easily.You should also know that a device must have its own pros and cons. You can see that this device is not foolproof. But it is effective enough to prevent intruder and thief to visit and rob your house compared to the house without alarm and outdoor sensor motion. By having motion sensor in your house, you can cover yourself so that the thief and the robber will have no idea whether you are in the house or leaving.This device is usually chosen by many people because of its ease to use. You will find that this equipment can be installed by yourself. Many people use this equipment in their garage. They need to protect their valuable car since the increasing of crime in this year. This device will also make you have better mood since you do not need to turn on all the lamps at night. You can install an outdoor motion detector in your house to keep your property.You can have a sensitive house that is able to take care of itself. This technology is made to give the people get their relaxation time. Turn your house into a self guard house by placing and installing a sensor motion. This device is a one of the best solutions to give you higher home security level.No Implied Endorsement:First-class portal does not endorse or recommend any article on this site or any product, service or information found within said articles. The views and opinions of the authors who have submitted articles to First-class portal belong to them alone and do not necessarily reflect the views of First-class portal, its staff or parent company.No Warranty:Links to other Web sites from First-class portal are provided for convenience only. First-class portal is not responsible for the content or availability of any external or 3rd party sites and does not warrant or guarantee the products, services, or information found on these sites.