Jobs at EMD189 job openingsRefine Your SearchEMD - Billerica, MAEMD Millipore plays an integral part in the life science community, harnessing our passion and innovation to help researchers and drug producers around the world. As science advances, we advance with it, offering new insight and cutting-edge technologies helping our customers solve the world's most challenging human health issues. Our promise to our customers is that we'll be there every st...EMD - PennsylvaniaEMD Serono Inc. is the biopharmaceutical subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany; global pharmaceutical and chemical group. More than 1,000 people work in the world-class facilities in Rockland, MA and Billerica, MA, and approximately 250 work in the field in the U.S. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in our core ...EMD - UtahEMD Serono Inc. is the biopharmaceutical subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany; global pharmaceutical and chemical group. More than 1,000 people work in the world-class facilities in Rockland, MA and Billerica, MA, and approximately 250 work in the field in the U.S. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in ...EMD - New York City, NYEMD Millipore is a Life Science leader providing cutting-edge technologies, tools, and services for bioscience research and biopharmaceutical manufacturing. The Multiplex and Cytometry Specialist (MCS) will be responsible for capital equipment sales and associated reagents including micro-capillary flow cytometry and multiplexed protein expression profiling instrumentation and kits. The MCS ...EMD - MassachusettsEMD Performance Materials is an affiliate of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany In this role you promote and sell our Photonics products directly to current and new end customers in North America and contribute significantly to the achievement of the sales objectives. As a subject matter expert for your specialist sales area you work effectively in a mixed environment and use best ...EMD - MissouriEMD Serono Inc. is the biopharmaceutical subsidiary of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany; global pharmaceutical and chemical group. More than 1,000 people work in the world-class facilities in Rockland, MA and Billerica, MA, and approximately 250 work in the field in the U.S. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in our core ...EMD - Billerica, MAAs a Senior IT Portfolio PMO Consultant, this individual will be responsible for portfolio management of our global Marketing and Sales IT project portfolio across Healthcare, Life Sciences, and Performance Materials businesses. The individual must be a strong communicator with deep understanding of Program and Project Management activities as well as financial aspects. The individual shou...EMD - Billerica, MAThe candidate will run routine assays to quantitate and characterize candidate biological drugs focusing on antibodies and antibody-fusions. The candidate will support method development experiments. The group focuses on early stage protein analytics in the research organization, developing initial characterization methods to assess aggregates, post-translational modifications, glyca...EMD - Billerica, MAEMD Millipore plays an integral part in the life science community, harnessing our passion and innovation to help researchers and drug producers around the world. As science advances, we advance with it, offering new insight and cutting-edge technologies helping our customers solve the world's most challenging human health issues. Our promise to our customers is that we'll be there every st...EMD - Billerica, MAEMD Millipore is an affiliate of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Position Description This position is responsible for the consolidation and reporting of global financial information for Merck Life Science Division. Will consistently develop and maintain accurate standard reports, will manage communication to end-users and provide guidance for data interpretation. This pos...EMD - Jaffrey, NHThis is an entry level Quality Engineering position in the Supplier Quality Department reporting to the Supplier Quality Manager. This position will focus on providing hands-on engineering support in improving the quality, managing changes, and providing engineering support on new products for the assigned product types. This position will also focus on providing engineering support of qua...EMD - Billerica, MAPURPOSE OF THE ROLE Develop and lead Global regulatory strategies Lead submission and approval of IND applications for clinical trials, original marketing applications and post-approval applications Serve as decision maker on submission readiness Represent the company at Health Authority Meeting and other external forumsEMD - Billerica, MAEMD Serono is the biopharmaceutical division of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, a global pharmaceutical and chemical group. We strive to create value and benefit patients by transforming medical science into breakthrough solutions in our core therapeutic areas of neurodegenerative diseases, fertility and metabolic endocrinology, as well as oncology and autoimmune/inflammatory diseases as eme...EMD - Billerica, MAThe Quantitative Pharmacology (QP) department at EMD Serono is seeking a PhD level scientist to develop quantitative mechanism-based PK/PD models that will inform compound progression decisions from lead optimization to clinical proof of concept and beyond for the immuno-oncology, immunology and oncology pipeline. The successful candidate will work in a dynamic team with frequ...