Kale Pesto Gives Your Pasta A Superfood Boost (VIDEO)Pesto is the perfect quick fix for an otherwise boring weeknight dinner -- but why settle for the same old basil-based recipe? Give your pesto a superfood boost by using kale, and you can take your dish to a whole new level.Works best with: Medium-size cuts such as gemelli, shells or mezze rigatoni While the pasta boils: Combine 2 cups of ricotta, a half-cup of grated Parmesan, the zest of a lemon and juice from half of the lemon. Drain noodles, toss with a few tablespoons of olive oil and add the lemon-cheese mixture, which should soften and melt quickly. Stir in as much of the starchy cooking water as you need to keep the sauce from becoming too thick.Works best with: Tube shapes like penne (ribbed varieties will hold onto the cheese better) While the pasta boils: Warm 3 cups of cubed, roasted vegetables (which you can make up to 2 days in advance) in a saute pan sprayed with olive oil. Sweet potatoes, eggplant, bell peppers and onions all work well. Drain pasta, toss with an 8-ounce log of goat cheese that you've broken into pieces and about a cup of cooking water. When the cheese is completely incorporated, stir in the warmed vegetables and top with chopped, fresh herbs, such as parsley or basil.Works best with: Orecchiette, gnocchi or ravioli While the pasta boils: Place a stick of butter in a large saute pan with 20 or so fresh sage leaves; cook until the butter just starts to brown. Add cooked pasta, enough of the starchy water to ensure the noodles don't stick, 3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese and salt and pepper to taste.Works best with: Spaghetti or angel hair While the pasta boils: Sauté a diced onion and a chopped clove of garlic in olive oil over medium heat. When it's golden, stir in a 28-ounce can of chopped tomatoes and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Swirl in a cup of heavy cream and continue to simmer. Drain pasta and add to sauce.Works best with: Spaghetti While the pasta boils: Pulse about 3 slices of country-style bread (crusts removed) in a food processor until they are coarse crumbs. Warm a few teaspoons of olive oil in a saute pan and add bread crumbs. Cook, stirring until crumbs are lightly golden; add 5 chopped garlic cloves and continue cooking another minute or 2. Season with salt and pepper. Drain pasta, toss lightly with olive oil, stir in bread-crumb mixture and finish with minced, fresh parsley.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.The Trademark BlackBerry® and RIM® are owned by Research In Motion Limited and are registered in the United States and may be pending or registered in other countries. AOL is not endorsed, sponsored, affiliated with or otherwise authorized by Research In Motion Limited.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.The Trademark BlackBerry® and RIM® are owned by Research In Motion Limited and are registered in the United States and may be pending or registered in other countries. AOL is not endorsed, sponsored, affiliated with or otherwise authorized by Research In Motion Limited.