The film revolves around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess. Yūichi Nakamurajoined the cast as Golden Ryan, Barnaby Brooks Jr.'s new partner in the film. Character designer Masakazu Katsura (Zetman, Video Girl Ai, DNA²) also made his voice-acting debut in a cameo for the new movie.This week: imports appear with Style Savvy, Super Robot Wars, and Martian bug fights! Plus Konami’s condition, Code: Realize, and why old adventures mattered.― Double Fine's Broken Age: Act Two is out this week. It concludes one of my favorite games from last year, and that's not all. It also ends a long and sometimes contentious story about game development and fundraising. The game grew from one ...How can JoJo possibly win against a Dio who has had his evil enhanced by the mysterious stone mask? Possibly by learning some new powers of his own...― There is something appealing in a mad, manic way about Hirohiko Araki's Jojo's Bizarre Adventure. Even if you aren't a fan of over-the-top shounen/seinen action manga, it's hard to resist this series, and its introductory arc, Phantom Blood, just get...Find out if the final volume of Studio Trigger's controversial hit nails the landing, or if it's just out naked in the cold.― Here at the end of Kill La Kill, viewers are forced to confront its most serious question: "What's butts got to do with it?" The show's blatant themes of "exposure" were couched in comedy for most of its run, but this accelerated shift to drama in the second half seems determ...A recent update to the HTTPS Everywhere ruleset is affecting some visitors to ANN.― The maintainers of the EFF's HTTPS Everywhere plugin recently added ANN to their site-list. For the most part, this is a great thing (HTTPS everywhere is a great plugin, if you aren't using it, you should be), unfortunately the new rule for ANN is a little buggy, and it is causing some users to be frequently logged o...After the controversial exit of the show's original producer, Under the Dog's creative leaders sit down to clear the air. PLUS: a transcript of their Q&A panel from Sakuracon.― First, a little backstory. Under the Dog is a sci-fi action anime directed by Sword of the Stranger's Masahiro Ando that successfully managed to close Kickstarter funding last year. At the time, the project's producer was Hir...Get the lowdown on PONYCAN's first physical release in the US, a fancy box with the first 4 episodes of the magical girl show Yuki Yuna is a Hero. Is it worth what they're asking?― In some respects this 2014 production followed a similar path to the one Kyousogiga tread exactly a year before: it was an original anime project which debuted in the Winter season without much buzz, and yet its heavily c...The spring season has begun! Here is a recap of the shows that are in bloom.― Featured Series (Click for more) (Jump to additional shows) Mikagura School Suite (Mikagura Gakuen Kumikyoku) Seraph of the End High School DxD BorN (Season 3) Sound! Euphonium (Hibike! Euphonium) Etotama (Chinese Zodiac Souls) RE-KAN! My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU TOO! (Yahari Ore no Seishun Love-Come wa Machigatte iru -...Seven Seas brings us another monster girl manga by the author of Monster Musume!― From the pen and mind of Okayado, who brought you Monster Musume (also released by Seven Seas) comes the much more generic 12 Beast, a story about an ordinary guy who has to go to another world and save the day, as well as the busty ladies. Eita Touga is a second year in high school, is embarrassed to be a virgin, and ...