My analysis pertains to "grooming gangs". They have transformed this into "child rapes and molestations". It seems highly likely in a country where 90% of people are non-muslims, that most child molestation is by non-muslims (just as in a muslim-majority country the majority of rapes and the majority of anal sex is by muslims)."Localised Grooming" Gangs (convictions from 1997)This list is compiled based on definitions provided by Andrew Norfolk, The Times, 5 January 2011:"The 17 cases identified by The Times which showed a pattern of exploitation"Andrew Norfolk won the Orwell Prize for Journalism for his reporting on grooming gangs. He was the only journalist who provided expert testimony to the House of Commons select committee, in their (2012-2013) investigation into the grooming gangs. This parliamentary investigation (published June 2013) concluded that it "would certainly seem to be the case" that most of grooming gangs are muslim. http://bit.ly/13sh94D See p.52.20% of those convicted in the grooming gangs are called "Mohammed"94% of those convicted in the grooming gangs are muslimsThe Times article from Jan 5 2011, on this grooming phenomenon shows a realisation (at least in one newspaper) of the scale of the problem (attached as a PDF here). You can see his original list (to the end of 2010). There have been as many convictions since 2010, as there were in the previous 13 years investigated by Norfolk.The vast majority of the victims of the gangs listed above were white/non-muslim girls. However, some were asian (there's no evidence of any of the asian girls being of any religion other than sikhism).See this discussion on the grooming of Sikh/Hindu young women/girls. The police have been as inactive about prosecuting the abusers of those girls as they have been inactive in prosecuting the white victims.This shows that it is not the police being anti-white per se, as them refusing to do anything to upset muslims, because of muslims being prepared to act collectively to deflect any criticism. Muslims will close ranks (and thus protect the groomers). Muslims will do this by rioting or by using their 100s of pressure groups/infiltrators.We originally began collecting information based on Norfolk's definition in early 2012. The main table in this post will be updated regularly, as new convictions come to light.Replies to This DiscussionHow long before The Guardian and BBC point out that this is an unacceptably disproportionate number and that more native Englishmen with names like Kevin, Tommy and Joe should be rounded up and accused in order to even out the numbers?No, Cimmerian. These are the names of the men in The Times report convicted between 1997 and 2010 (you will need to look at The Times report to see the details of their individual crimes; not all were convicted of rape, but the crimes all followed the M.O. of a gang of men in a joint enterprise to coerce young women into sex).There are also about 5 cases running currently, with about 50 men involved. I don't believe there is a single non-muslim name amongst those accused in these 5 cases. If all of them are convicted, then it will mean that more of them were convicted in a 12 month perioud than in the previous 13 years combined. One has to wonder how many have escaped justice in those intervening years when the police have admitted they were too scared to prosecute.By my reckoning, the Mohammed co-efficient of those names listed here is around 30% (I believe "Mustafa" is a variant of "Mohammed").Such lists need to be widely circulated with the names of convicted men added after each trial. This is clearly one of those 'wake up' issues which could cut through the complacency of the general public if only the facts could be got out in a non-censored (i.e. non-BBC) way.In the post-Bradford scramble of the political parties to get a slice of the Muslim vote, I wonder if Labour will be resurrecting their past enthusiasm for 'paedophile rights?'When rising Labour stars Harriet Harmon and Patricia Hewitt were running the National Council for Civil Liberties, they and other Labour luminaries were rather keen on abolishing the Age of Consent and promoting the 'right' of adults to have sex with children if that was their 'thing.' This led the NCCL into alliances with some unsavoury groups such as the Paedophile Information Exchange (PIE.) Which didn't go down too well with the public once the tabloids got hold of the story and the episode was air-brushed fom the CVs of the people involved.Now there is a new and growing voting constituency that might actually welcome abolishing the age of consent and all that goes with it.From The Telegraph:Miss Harman, 58, was a newly qualified solicitor when she became legal officer for the National Council for Civil Liberties, now known as Liberty, in 1978. At the time its general secretary was Patricia Hewitt, who went on to become health secretary under Tony Blair. Among the groups affiliated to NCCL were the Paedophile Information Exchange and Paedophile Action for Liberation, whose members argued openly for the abolition of the age of consent. NCCL complained to the press watchdog about their treatment by tabloid newspapers and said in one article: “We support any organisation that seeks to campaign for anything it wants within the law. They have that right.” In NCCL’s official response to the Government’s plans to reform sex laws, dubbed a “Lolita’s Charter”, it suggested reducing the age of consent and argued that “childhood sexual experiences, willingly engaged in, with an adult result in no identifiable damage”. It claimed that children can suffer more from having to retell their experiences in court or the press.So many of these NCCL and Libertas people are a kind of vermin corrupting our society. Remember the Paxman argument between Douglas Murray and one of them about exempting Abu Qatada from return to Jordan for trial? They just use these venues as a way of trying to appear 'holier than thou'. Yes, they do try maintain a ridiculously high standard - but its all at our expense, not theirs. I've never seen them put their own neck on the line for Civil Liberties, for example to defend the rights of Gays or Jews in the THIE (Tower Hamlets Islamic Enclave), so their activities just boil down to being a smug conceit.And this phrase stinks so much, it doesn't even make sense: "It claimed that children can suffer more from having to retell their experiences in court". Well, the same may be true of many violent assaults and rape, because after an adrenalin dump, you won't be aware of, and 'suffering', a lot of what is happening to you. So should we just stop prosecuting all the violent criminals and let the thugs rule our streets?Understanding their psyche and emotions is a weapon. Hence the article on guilt is in the Alinsky room.Alan Lake said:So many of these NCCL and Libertas people are a kind of vermin corrupting our society. Remember the Paxman argument between Douglas Murray and one of them about exempting Abu Qatada from return to Jordan for trial? They just use these venues as a way of trying to appear 'holier than thou'. Yes, they do try maintain a ridiculously high standard - but its all at our expense, not theirs. I've never seen them put their own neck on the line for Civil Liberties, for example to defend the rights of Gays or Jews in the THIE (Tower Hamlets Islamic Enclave), so their activities just boil down to being a smug conceit.As the current batch of prosecutions come to an end, I will include the details as replies to the Times Survey. When there are no more cases running, I'll try and summarise all the data to that point. There are the 5 convicted 14 March in Birmingham.Five men have today (Friday) been sentenced to a total of over 38 years after subjecting two teenage girls to a harrowing two day ordeal in a house and hotel in Birmingham.The men were found guilty on 14 March at Birmingham Crown Court of offences linked to child sexual exploitation after the two girls had been brought into Birmingham from Telford and held over a period of nearly two days in a house and hotel in November 2009.The girls, aged 15 and 16 at the time, were lured to Birmingham from their Telford homes and over the next 36 hours were used for the sexual gratification by Shamrez Rashid, aged 20, and Amar Hussain, aged 22, and then by a steady stream of young men – first in a cramped flat in Highgate Street and then in a nearby hotel.Rashid and Hussain took advantage of the girls' ignorance of their surroundings and their lack of resources to effectively detain them. They eventually escaped from the hotel with one of the girls wearing no shoes; they found a payphone and called police.Shamrez Rashid, from Bordesley Green, was found guilty of child abduction, two rapes, attempted rape and attempted sexual assault. Sentenced to 11 years.Amar Hussain, from Balsall Heath, was found guilty of child abduction, three rapes and attempt sexual assault. Sentenced to ten years.Jahbar Rafiq, aged 28 from Aston, was found guilty of rape and sexual assault. Sentenced to eight years.Adil Saleem, aged 20 from Yardley, was found guilty of rape. Sentenced to eight years.A 20-year-old man also standing trial was found not guilty of sexual assault.One of the victims, who cannot be identified, spoke briefly on the affect the ordeal has had on her: "I find it very hard to describe the affect of what happened has had on me… no-one could ever understand how I felt at the time and the shame afterwards."It is something that I had learned to cope with myself and deal with alone."Detective Inspector Caroline Marsh, from the public protection unit, said: "This has been a protracted and complex investigation since it began in 2009."Clearly, dealing with victims who have been subjected to such a horrific and prolonged series of attacks has been extremely difficult. We have supported them every step of the way and hope today helps to bring some sort of closure to them and their families."The girls have shown great courage throughout the trial which has obviously been a very difficult experience for them particularly being cross examined at length by so many barristers."Their evidence has been crucial to ensuring that this can never happen to another young girl in the future."In the Caliphate they would get off with the raping and pimping of kuffar meat (we see what muslim men get away with in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Pakistan, etc.). In the current shadow Caliphate -- the parallel society of the muslim enclaves -- they (or muslim girls who they raped) would be dead by now anyway.It is only the non-muslim girls within our society who are being served up on a platter to them.Alan Lake said:"Their evidence has been crucial to ensuring that this can never happen to another young girl in the future."Nonsense. Most of them will be out within 4 years to do it again, only this time more carefully.As for deterring others - don't make me laugh.It almost makes you wish for the Caliphate - then we could execute these bastards and be done with it.I just did a nice big long winded reply saying the same, only using lots more words. And then you go and post this. So i,ll just say i agree. In the caliphate there would have been no crime committed. Not by the muslim lads anyway. It was the uncovered temptress's that woz to blame..Joe said:In the Caliphate they would get off with the raping and pimping of kuffar meat (we see what muslim men get away with in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Pakistan, etc.). In the current shadow Caliphate -- the parallel society of the muslim enclaves -- they (or muslim girls who they raped) would be dead by now anyway.It is only the non-muslim girls within our society who are being served up on a platter to them.Miah denies eight counts of paying for the sexual services of a child between 2005 and 2009, eight counts of inciting child prostitution between 2007 and 2011 and one count of keeping a brothel between 2005 and 2011.And why did it take the police almost 7 years to uncover these crimes? These things were being publicised before 2011: Ann Cryer 2003, Channel 4 2004, The Times 2006 . It is only because EDL took to the streets that the police/CPS have done anything. The BNP had been banging on about this year in, year out and achieved nothing. Which in itself demonstrates how successfully all criticism of islam in Britain was contained beyond they pale, in BNP association. We can't even blame the media, since some of them did report on these things (well, we can blame the majority who looked the other way, and have been doing so even during these trials).Muslim Terrorism CountMission OverviewMost prosperous Western societies are based on a model we call the Secular Democratic Marketplace (SDM). Whilst that model has been very successful, it has defects. The 4 Freedoms address 4 of the principal vulnerabilities, and gives corrections to them.At the moment, one of the principal agents exploiting these defects, is Islam. Therefore, this site pays particular attention to that threat.Islam, operating at the micro and macro levels, is unstoppable by individuals, hence: "It takes a nation to protect the nation". There is not enough time to fight all its attacks; nor to read them; nor even to record them. So 4F gives only a brief overview of how far it has advanced and by what methods.We hope that free nations will wake up to stop the threat, and force the separation of (Islamic) Church and State. This will also allow Muslims the possibility of escape from their totalitarian political system.The 4 FreedomsThese 4 freedoms are designed to close the 4 vulnerabilities in the standard model of SDM, by making them Self-Protecting (SP) according to Hobbes's first law of nature.1. SP Freedom of SpeechAny speech is allowed - except that advocating the end of these freedoms2. SP Freedom of ElectionAny party is allowed - except one advocating the end of these freedoms3. SP Freedom from Religion Religious and cultural activities are exempt from legal oversight - except where they intrude into the public sphere (Res Publica)4. SP Freedom from Voter Importation Immigration is allowed only if it can be shown not to favour any political party