The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA’s) plan to regulate carbon emissions is just the latest challenge facing the U.S. electric power system. Technological innovation is disrupting old ways of doing business and accelerating grid modernization. Earlier this year, AEE released Advanced Energy Technologies for Greenhouse Gas Reduction, a report detailing the use, application, and benefits of 40 specific advanced energy technologies and services. This post is one in a series drawn from the technology profiles within that report.There are several technology options for utility-scale solar power systems, although photovoltaic (PV) panels are the most commonly used. Most utility-scale solar farms consist of large arrays of ground-mounted flat-plate PV modules, which convert sunlight directly into electricity via solar cells. The arrays can be fixed-tilt, single-axis tracking, or dual-axis tracking. Tracking adds cost but increases overall energy output. Concentrating photovoltaic (CPV) technology uses lenses to concentrate sunlight onto small PV cells to achieve higher overall conversion efficiencies than flat-plate technology. A minority of utility-scale solar projects use concentrated solar power (CSP) systems, which concentrate sunlight using mirrors or lenses to generate high temperatures that are used to produce high-pressure steam that drives an electricity-generating steam turbine-generator set. Utility-scale PV and CPV plants typically range in size from 1 MW to well over 100 MW, while CSP is generally in the 100s of MW. Peak solar output (midday to late afternoon) also typically coincides with times of peak electric demand, relieving the need for peak generation resources.PV has driven large expansions in U.S. utility-scale solar power installations over the last decade, such that solar was the second largest source of new electric capacity added in 2013. Nearly 2,900 MW of new utility-scale solar was installed in 2013, a 58% increase from 2012, bringing the cumulative utility-scale capacity in the United States to over 5 GW. These large projects provide significant amounts of power. Once complete, First Solar’s 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project in Yuma County, Arizona, will be capable of powering the equivalent of about 100,000 homes.2 Flat-plate PV is utilized most often because the technology can work in both direct and diffuse sunlight. Both CSP and CPV are best suited for sunny areas with low humidity, like the American Southwest.Maria Robinson is a Manager in the Industry Analysis group at Advanced Energy Economy. She leads AEE’s state efforts around the EPA Clean Power Plan and provides general support for data-driven research and analysis across the organization. Previously, she worked for Navigant Consulting in the renewable energy practice, performing market and technology analysis, strategy assessments, and ...I don't like the idea of grading over and fencing off deserts when they don't have to be. I believe solar (only) would require about a 3 million sq km (~1 million square miles) in order to power future world based on 5.7 kW continuous per person x 10 billion and on spacing between rows of panels. Thus, if we are to even accept solar farms, we need then to NOT be fenced and NOT to be graded. Period! There are ways: Security drones and simply installing foundation posts withOUT grading. Problems solved!Also, in order to prevent fossil fueled depletion into an overheated biospher, we need to accept advanced nuclear and figure out how to make battery storage capacity for about $10/kWh.You are ignoring a key element of CA energy mix - imports. Right now CA gets about 30% of its electricity through imports. Currently about 1/2 of that is clean - (Hydro, Nuclear, Solar and Wind) and about 1/2 is from Coal. If the coal could be replaced with clean tomorrow then CA overall would be 2/3 clean and 1/3 Nat Gas.Using these numbers from yesterday as an example... Nat Gas production - shown as Thermal - is about 1/3 of total. Imports are 1/3 and internal clean (Renew,Nuclear and Hydro) is 1/3. Note: Hydro production is abnormally low due to drought. In a normal year would be about 2x current production.Any new solar added will shave off the Nat Gas usage during the day and and storage will start shaving Nat Gas usage in early evening within next few years.Also, there is no reason that evening peak cannot be shaved further by moving some load to other times of day."Peak solar output (midday to late afternoon) also typically coincides with times of peak electric demand, relieving the need for peak generation resources."This effect is a lot weaker than people often assume. In the north, where electricity demand usually peaks in winter (after sunset), the effect is non-existent; fuel is saved by solar, but the same number of fossil fuel power plants is required to meet peak demand.Even in the south (with large summer air-conditioning loads) the effect saturates quickly, such that after solar PV penetration reaches a few percent of average demand, additional solar growth substitutes for no additional peak generation resources, as the net demand peak quickly shifts to sunset; see "duck curve" below, with growing "behind-the-meter" solar PV penetration (the spring-time duck curve exaggerates the problem, but even in summer, PV reduces peak demand by only a small fraction of the noon solar output). The fix for this is adding massive amounts of batteries to the grid, which destroys the economics of solar, and even then the fossil fuel plants must be ready to carry the load on cloudy days.In regions that do wish to phase out fossil fuel in favor of sustainable energy, the solar PV can be problematic. Many of the best non-fossil options are baseload (eg. geothermal, run-of-the-river hydro, and of course nuclear). If California added enough clean baseload to supply their night-time needs, most of their projected solar PV for 2020 would be offset by discarded/curtailed energy much of the year!