For 2014 PQRS eCQMs, the expectation is that eligible professionals (EPs) or group practices reporting via the Group ... (more)For 2014 PQRS eCQMs, the expectation is that eligible professionals (EPs) or group practices reporting via the Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO) select 9 measures and 3 domains applicable to their practice, or report on as many measures and domains as they have available (up to 9 measures/3 domains) within their CEHRT EHR and with applicable Medicare patient data. If more than 9 measures are applicable, then EPs/group practices can select the 9 most appropriate for their practice (or can report on as many applicable measures over 9 as desired).EPs/group practices can earn a 2014 PQRS incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment by meeting the following criteria for satisfactory reporting:1. Using a direct EHR product that is Certified EHR Technology (CEHRT) or EHR data submission vendor that is CEHRT, report on at least 9 measures covering 3 National Quality Strategy (NQS) domains.• If the EP’s CEHRT does not contain patient data for at least 9 measures covering at least 3 domains, then the EP must report the measures for which there is Medicare patient data. An EP must report on at least 1 measure for which there is Medicare patient data to earn the 2014 PQRS incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.The 0% performance rate rule, where no patients in the denominator are in compliance and/or receive the correct quality action rule, does not apply to 2014 PQRS eCQMs. However, EPs should be aware that the VBM program, performance on eCQMs will be included when calculating the VBM. An EP must report on at least 1 measure with Medicare patient data meeting the denominator criteria, but the one patient does not need to meet numerator criteria.Note: This rule is not applicable to groups reporting via GPRO web interface. Those groups must report all 22 GPRO WI measures both to earn a 2014 incentive and to avoid the 2016 payment adjustment.If an EP/group practice has no applicable eCQMs with Medicare data, (s)he should choose a different reporting option for 2014 PQRS.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Beginning in 2015, CMS will subject eligible professionals who are not successful reporters under Physician Quality R... (more)Beginning in 2015, CMS will subject eligible professionals who are not successful reporters under Physician Quality Reporting to a payment adjustment. To avoid the 2015 Physician Quality Reporting payment adjustment, eligible professionals must successfully report during the 2013 reporting period (January 1, 2013 – December 31, 2013).If subject to the 2015 Physician Quality Reporting payment adjustment, eligible professionals will be paid 1.5% less than the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) amount for services rendered in 2015. In 2016 and each subsequent year, the payment adjustment increases to 2.0%. The payment adjustment will be applied to all of the eligible professional's Part B-covered professional services under the Medicare PFS.Additional information about how to avoid the Physician Quality Reporting System payment adjustment is available on CMS website. Please refer to the document titled 2013 PQRS: 2015 Payment Adjustment Tip Sheet at:Take the following steps to begin claims-based reporting for Physician Quality Reporting: 1). Use the measure specificat... (more)Take the following steps to begin claims-based reporting for Physician Quality Reporting: 1). Use the measure specifications to identify measures applicable for professional services you routinely provide. 2). Select those measures that make sense based upon prevalence and volume in your practice as well as your individual or practice performance analysis and improvement priorities. 3). Review the measures that you have selected to become familiar with how to apply and correctly code the measures. 4). Refer to the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide for more detailed information and reporting tips at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/15_MeasuresCodes.asp. 5). Access data collection worksheets on the American Medical Association's (AMA) website (http://www.ama-assn.org/ama) to help you implement Physician Quality Reporting in your practice. 6) Ensure that your billing software and clearinghouse can correctly submit Physician Quality Reporting quality-data codes (QDCs) on your behalf to the carrier. 7) Regularly review the Remittance Advice Notice you receive from the Carrier/Medicare Administrative Contractor (MAC) to ensure the denial remark code N365 is listed for each QDC submitted.MAV is a validation process that will determine whether individual eligible professionals (EPs) or group practices sh... (more)MAV is a validation process that will determine whether individual eligible professionals (EPs) or group practices should have reported additional measures OR additional domains. MAV determines 2014 Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) incentive eligibility and 2016 PQRS payment adjustment status for individual EPs and group practices. In the instance an individual EP or group practice has satisfactorily reported nine or more measures across three or more domains, MAV would not apply and the individual EP or group practice could earn the 2014 PQRS incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.MAV is applied to individual EPs and group practices that report less than nine measures OR less than three domains for PQRS. If MAV analytically determines that the EP or group practice could have reported additional measures or domains within the clinical cluster, then the 2014 PQRS incentive would not be earned and the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment may apply. Claims-based MAV is applicable to individual EPs, whereas registry-based MAV is applicable to individual EPs and group practices.Please contact the QualityNet help desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via the new e-mail address at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have any additional questions.EPs and group practices are not required to have 2014 CEHRT for the full year of PQRS or have 2014 CEHRT implemented ... (more)EPs and group practices are not required to have 2014 CEHRT for the full year of PQRS or have 2014 CEHRT implemented on the first day of the reporting year, which is 1/1/2014. However, in order to participate in PQRS via an EHR-based reporting mechanism, EPs and group practices must submit the final set of data utilizing 2014 CEHRT. The EP or group practice will only be able to participate in 2014 PQRS if the new TIN implements 2014 CEHRT in time for submission. Therefore, EPs and group practices in this scenario will have access to a full year of data via 2014 CEHRT and will be able to participate in both the 2014 EHR Incentive Program and PQRS via EHR reporting method.Please note that group practices participating in 2014 PQRS through the group practice reporting option (GPRO) via Web Interface are also required to use 2014 CEHRT to populate the Web Interface when participating in 2014 PQRS and the EHR Incentive Program.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.If the eligible professional (EP) reporting as an individual PQRS reporter (and not part of a group practice using the Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO)) achieves satisfactory reporting under more than one reporting option, the EP will receive the incentive payment for the most advantageous reporting method for which he/she qualifies. There is no penalty if multiple options are attempted. CMS will review data submitted via one or more reporting methods to determine satisfactory reporting and eligibility for an incentive payment of a percentage of the Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) total estimated allowed charges during the reporting period.For those reporting as individual PQRS reporters using the registry submission method, it is acceptable to use multiple registries within the same reporting year to submit PQRS data, even for the same measures. Data analysis will determine if satisfactory reporting was achieved for each registry in which the individual EP within the TIN participated, and the most favorable outcome will be used (but results from multiple vendors will not be combined). Submitting PQRS data to several registries may increase the EP’s chance of satisfactory reporting, in case one registry was not successful (the same applies to EHR-based reporting using Certified EHR Technology (CEHRT).However, a group practice reporting via GPRO using a registry must submit for the group through one registry.EPs who are providers/suppliers in ACO participant TINs in the Medicare Shared Savings Program (SSP) may NOT earn a PQRS incentive/avoid the payment adjustment outside of their ACO reporting, per SSP regulation.If reporting for PQRS through another CMS program (such as the Medicare Shared Savings Program, Comprehensive Primary Care Initiative, Pioneer Accountable Care Organizations), please check the program’s requirements for information on how to report quality data to earn a PQRS incentive and/or avoid the PQRS payment adjustment. Please note, although CMS has attempted to align or adopt similar reporting requirements across programs, eligible professionals should look to the respective quality program to ensure they satisfy the PQRS, EHR Incentive Program, Value-Based Payment Modifier (VBM), etc. requirements of each of these programs.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Physician Quality Reporting measures consist of two major components. Each component is defined by specific codes descri... (more)Physician Quality Reporting measures consist of two major components. Each component is defined by specific codes described in the respective measure's specification along with the reporting instructions and use of modifiers.The first measure component is the denominator, which describes the eligible cases for a measure or the eligible patient population. Physician Quality Reporting measure denominators are identified by ICD-9-CM (future ICD-10-CM), CPT Category I, and HCPCS codes, as well as patient demographics (age, gender, etc), and place of service (if applicable). For registry and EHR reporting, other clinical coding sets may be included such as SNOMED, LOINC, or RxNorm.The second component is the numerator describing the specific clinical action required by the measure for performance. Eligible professionals may use the codes present in the numerator to report the outcome of the action as indicated by the measure. Physician Quality Reporting measure numerators are quality-data codes (QDCs) consisting of specified non-payable CPT Category II codes and/or temporary G-codes. For registry and EHR reporting, other clinical coding sets may be included such as SNOMED, LOINC, or RxNorm in order to capture a specific quality action, test, or value.Calculating the Physician Quality Reporting System reporting rate (dividing the numerator by the denominator) identifies the percentage of a defined patient population that was reported for the measure. For performance rate calculations, some patients may be excluded from the denominator based on medical, patient or system exclusions allowed by the measure.The final performance rate calculation represents the eligible population that received a particular process of care or achieved a particular outcome. It is important to review and understand each measure's specification, as it contains definitions and specific instructions for reporting the measure. See http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/15_MeasuresCodes.aspMeasure Applicability Validation (MAV) is automatically triggered in scenarios where less than nine measures OR less ... (more)Measure Applicability Validation (MAV) is automatically triggered in scenarios where less than nine measures OR less than three domains are satisfactorily reported by claims-based and registry-based reporters. If MAV analytically determines that the individual eligible professional (EP) or group practice could have reported additional measures or domains within the clinical cluster, then the 2014 Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) incentive would not be earned and the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment may apply.If MAV analytically determines that the individual EP or group practice could NOT have reported additional measures or domains within the clinical cluster, the EP or group practice would be eligible for the 2014 PQRS incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.Please contact the QualityNet help desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via the new e-mail address at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have any additional questions.EPs and group practices are responsible for satisfying all applicable PQRS reporting requirements, regardless of the ... (more)EPs and group practices are responsible for satisfying all applicable PQRS reporting requirements, regardless of the status of their EHR system. Specifically, EPs and group practices reporting 2014 PQRS measures via direct EHR product or EHR data submission vendor are required to submit all (i.e., 100%) of their eligible patient data for the 9 measures across 3 domains on which they are reporting in order to meet the criteria for 2014 PQRS incentive eligibility and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment. For example: the Influenza Immunization Measure (CMS 147v2 NQF 0041) per the measure specification should only be reported for patients seen during the Flu season which is not the full 12 month reporting period but all the patients that were seen during the flu season should be submitted. If an EP’s or group practice’s certified EHR technology (CEHRT) system does not contain patient data for at least 9 measures covering at least 3 domains, then the EP or group practice must report the measures for which there is Medicare patient data. An EP or group practice must report on at least 1 measure for which there is Medicare patient data in order to meet the criteria for 2014 PQRS incentive eligibility and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.EPs and group practices that submit less than one full year of data bear the risk that doing so may prevent EPs and group practices from meeting the measure criteria for PQRS and can impact their performance scores for the physician value-based payment modifier (VM).Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.If you are in your first year of MU you cannot report once to both PQRS & MU. Individual EPs who are in their first ... (more)If you are in your first year of MU you cannot report once to both PQRS & MU. Individual EPs who are in their first year of Meaningful Use must individually submit and attest to their CQM data. These EPs must demonstrate Meaningful Use for a 90-day reporting period in 2014 to avoid the payment adjustment in 2015. This reporting period must occur in the first 9 months of calendar year 2014, and EPs must attest to Meaningful Use no later than October 1, 2014, to avoid the payment adjustment. This attestation will not count towards PQRS reporting; therefore you would need to report for PQRS separately to potentially earn the 2014 PQRS Incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment. Please refer to the PQRS website at http://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Quality-Initiatives-Patient-Assessment-Instruments/PQRS for further information on PQRS reporting options.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.The PQRS, MU, and VM, payment adjustments will apply to all eligible professional’s (EP’s) Part B covered professiona... (more)The PQRS, MU, and VM, payment adjustments will apply to all eligible professional’s (EP’s) Part B covered professional services. Covered professional services are defined as services furnished by an EP for which payment is made under, or is based on, the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (MPFS) as provided in section 1848(k)(3) of the Act. Because the payment adjustment only applies to Part B MPFS claims and Part B drugs are not paid on the MPFS, the actual drug is not subjected to the payment adjustment. However, the administration of drugs by an EP is subject to the payment adjustment. For example, J2778 (Lucentis) would not be subjected to the payment adjustment but 67028 (intravitreal injection), would be subjected to the payment adjustment.The PQRS 0% performance rule only applies to satisfactory reporting for 2013 PQRS incentive eligibility. The 0% performance rate does not apply to the less stringent reporting criteria of reporting 1 valid measure or 1 valid measures group, or electing to participate in the administrative claims reporting mechanism, for purposes of avoiding the 2015 PQRS payment adjustment.However, CMS strongly encourages all eligible professionals and group practices to become familiar with the PQRS requirements for satisfactorily reporting and meeting the 0% performance rule for incentive eligibility. CMS indicated in the 2013 PFS Final Rule that the less stringent reporting criteria (reporting 1 valid measure or 1 valid measures group, or electing to participate in the administrative claims-based reporting mechanism) may be temporary. Rulemaking will determine whether or not the less stringent reporting criteria will be available in future program years.See the How to Get Started section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/03_How_To_Get_Started.asp. Use the Physician Quality Reporting System Measures Specifications Manual for Claims and Registry Reporting & Release Notes as the primary authoritative source identifying the codes and corresponding reporting instructions for reporting measures via claims or registry. You should also review the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide. It provides guidance about how to implement claims-based reporting of measures to facilitate satisfactory reporting of QDCs for the program. Also see the Alternative Reporting Mechanisms section at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/20_AlternativeReportingMechanisms.asp.The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) is committed to ensuring clinicians provide performance information based on the most current clinical guidelines and is actively working with measure stewards to update the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) measures specifications for Program Year 2015. CMS will provide additional information as it becomes available and update this Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) accordingly.The 2014 PQRS measures covering low-density lipid control clinical concepts were not updated to match the latest ATP 4 clinical guidelines. 2014 PQRS measures were legislatively mandated to be published prior to January 1, 2014. Since the updated clinical guidelines were not published until the last quarter of 2013, CMS and measure stewards did not have adequate time to determine appropriate updates required for all PQRS measures affected by the new guidelines.Even though the 2014 measures do not reflect the most current guidelines, CMS still believes measures that represent the clinical concepts of low-density lipid control are important cross-cutting measures to be maintained within PQRS and other reporting programs as they are important indicators of provider quality.The 2014 measure specifications reflected the recommended scientific clinical guidance at the time of publication. The impact of the updated guidelines to PQRS measures are actively being evaluated by measure stewards in order to make appropriate modifications to the 2015 PQRS measures.Measure concepts related to blood pressure and low-density lipid control that co-exist within PQRS and Meaningful Use may not be in alignment. This is due to the timing for each of these reporting programs to receive and implement measure revisions for the upcoming program years.CMS encourages clinicians to manage care based on the most current clinical guidelines. The recommendation would be to report on measures that best represent the quality of care provided to patients. Please review each measure’s numerator options to ensure that the most accurate option is reported or submitted for the measure chosen to report.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.CMS will investigate whether the EP, CPC practice site, or group practice or ACO participating via GPRO met the criteria for satisfactorily reporting under PQRS to either receive an incentive or avoid the negative payment adjustment. The informal review decision is final and there will be no further review.Informal reviews may only be submitted via the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page (CSP) between January 1, 2015 and February 28, 2015. CMS will announce the availability of this page through MLN Connects Provider eNews and the PQRS Listserv. All informal review requests must be submitted electronically through the CSP.The Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 (TRHCA) permits a two-month data submission period for claims following the e... (more)The Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 (TRHCA) permits a two-month data submission period for claims following the end of the reporting period(s). All reporting periods for any given program year end December 31st. All claims-based data for services furnished during the reporting period(s) must be received into the CMS National Claims History file by the last Friday in February of the following year.Submission of registry and EHR data, as well as Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO) data, must be completed in the first quarter following the reporting year.Effective on 7/1/2014, EPs who bill on a $0.00 QDC line item will receive the N620 code. It replaces the current N365, w... (more)Effective on 7/1/2014, EPs who bill on a $0.00 QDC line item will receive the N620 code. It replaces the current N365, which will be deactivated effective 7/1/2014. EPs who bill on a $0.01 QDC line item will receive the CO 246 N572 code. The new RARC code N620 is your indication that the PQRS codes were received into the CMS National Claims History (NCH) database. The new CARC 246 with Group Code CO or PR and with RARC N572 indicates that this procedure is not payable unless non-payable reporting codes and appropriate modifiers are submitted. Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday. (FAQ9836) lessCMS will use the CAHPS for PQRS survey to measure patient experience with group practices participating in the group ... (more)CMS will use the CAHPS for PQRS survey to measure patient experience with group practices participating in the group practice reporting option (GPRO). The survey contains the core CG-CAHPS questions, plus additional questions to meet the requirements of the PQRS program and CMS’ information needs. For 2014, CMS will pay for the survey and partner with a vendor to administer the survey on the groups’ behalf. The survey will generate results and scores at the level of the group practice. A copy of the survey can be found at http://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Quality-Initiatives-Patient-Assessment-Instruments/PQRS/Downloads/2014_CAHPS_for_PQRS_Survey-07082014.pdf or you can request a copy of the survey from the CAHPS for PQRS Survey Project Team at pqrscahps@hcqis.org.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Services furnished by RHCs and FQHCs are not eligible for the PQRS incentive payment and are not subject to the PQRS neg... (more)Services furnished by RHCs and FQHCs are not eligible for the PQRS incentive payment and are not subject to the PQRS negative payment adjustment. Only covered professional services furnished by eligible health care professionals (EPs) that are paid under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (MPFS) are eligible for PQRS.Please review the Tax Identification Number (TIN)/National Provider Identifier (NPI) combination included in the letter received from CMS, as this is the individual provider to whom the 2015 payment adjustment will apply, not the clinic or facility. An example of why a physician who practices at an RHC/FQHC may be subject to the 2015 payment adjustment is that (s)he bills non-RHC or non-FQHC services under the MPFS via the 1500 claim form. The provider’s contact information used to send the 2015 PQRS negative payment adjustment letters was gathered from the Provider Enrollment, Chain, and Ownership System (PECOS). Letters that include only a TIN apply to the entire group practice as the TIN is registered to participate in the 2013 PQRS GPRO. The group’s contact information used to send the 2015 PQRS negative payment adjustment letters was gathered from the 2013 PQRS GPRO registration or self-nomination system.CMS would also like to remind participants that there are no hardship or low volume exemptions for the PQRS payment adjustment. All EPs who billed Medicare Part B for non-RHC/FQHC services in 2013 must have satisfactorily reported PQRS in order to avoid the 2015 negative payment adjustment.As outlined in the 2015 PQRS payment adjustment letter, if you believe that the 2015 PQRS payment adjustment is being applied in error, you can submit an informal review request. All informal review requests must be submitted via a web-based tool, the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page (Communication Support Page), during the informal review period, January 1, 2015 through February 28, 2015.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Central Time Monday through Friday.An eligible professional wishing to participate in Physician Quality Reporting through registry-based or EHR-based submi... (more)An eligible professional wishing to participate in Physician Quality Reporting through registry-based or EHR-based submission of individual measures must report at least 3 measures, and must report each of these measures on at least 80% of the professional's patients who are enrolled in Medicare Part B Fee-For-Service.For 2014 PQRS GPRO registry submission, if a registry submits xml data on behalf of a group practice and the 10-digit... (more)For 2014 PQRS GPRO registry submission, if a registry submits xml data on behalf of a group practice and the 10-digit NPI field is populated with the group NPI, the system will reject the information. NPI error edit #1127 will display to indicate this rejection. See the “Registry Error Edit Specifications” at https://www.qualitynet.org/imageserver/pqrs/registry/index.htm for additional information.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Medicare Advantage organization (MAO) payments to contracted providers are governed by the terms of the contract between... (more)Medicare Advantage organization (MAO) payments to contracted providers are governed by the terms of the contract between the MAO and the provider. This includes incentive bonus payment arrangements paid to providers for quality reporting and electronic prescribing. MA organizations are generally not required to pay PQRS and eRx incentive payments to provider with whom they contract.When a MA organization does not have an existing contract in place governing payment amounts, a provider is entitled to Fee-for–Service rates with respect to any MA enrollee it provides services to. The requirement is for a Medicare Advantage organization to pay non-contracted providers (including providers who are “deemed” to be contracting under private fee for service (PFFS) plans) the original Medicare payment amount. Therefore, a MA organization is required to pay PQRS and eRX Incentive Program payments to non-contract providers who qualify for these payments under original Medicare.An MA organization calculates the incentive bonus payment using the same formula as original Medicare. The incentive payment amount is calculated as a percentage of Medicare Part B estimated total allowed charges. Providers are not entitled to PQRS and eRX incentive payments from original Medicare for care provided to MA enrollees.If a professional has assigned Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) billing to an employer, the eligible professional m... (more)If a professional has assigned Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) billing to an employer, the eligible professional may participate. The employer, on behalf of the eligible professional, can submit the Physician Quality Reporting clinical measure CPT Category II codes or G-codes on Part B professional services claims and pursue the financial incentive. When the claim is billed, the individual NPI must be in the rendering NPI field to be able to calculate the data at the individual NPI level. In situations where eligible professionals who are employees or contractors have assigned their payments to their employers, the statute requires that any financial incentive earned will be paid to the employers or facilities.For additional information, please go to the Overview section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting System website at http://www.cms.gov/pqrs.In the fall of 2014, CMS disseminated physician feedback reports, called Quality Reporting and Usage Reports (QRURs), containing CY 2013 data to groups of physicians subject to the VM. These reports will be the basis of the VM in 2015. After receiving their QRURs, physicians may e-mail or call a technical help desk to inquire about their report and the calculation of the VM. CMS has adopted this process to help educate and inform physicians about the Value Modifier, especially for those groups of physicians that have elected to have their VM calculated using a quality-tiering approach.Questions about the Value Modifier can be directed to the Physician Value (PV) Help Desk at 1-888-734-6433, press option 3 (TTY 1-888-734-6563) or by email to pvhelpdesk@cms.hhs.gov Monday – Friday: 8:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. EST.CMS has a single contractor responsible for CAHPS for PQRS survey implementation for the 2014 program year. If a grou... (more)CMS has a single contractor responsible for CAHPS for PQRS survey implementation for the 2014 program year. If a group practice already administers the CG-CAHPS survey, that data cannot be reported for PQRS as only the CAHPS for PQRS survey meets the patient experience of care requirement for PQRS. CMS uses the same survey for all group practices and the same, standardized data collection procedures to ensure comparability of the data and score across group practices.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.To submit the request, go to the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page (CSP), which will be available January 1, 2015 through February 28, 2015. CMS will announce the availability of this page through MLN Connects Provider eNews, the PQRS Listserv, and other related CMS listservs. All informal review requests must be submitted electronically through the CSP. The informal review decision is final and there will be no further review.For those EPs who participated in 2013 PQRS via a data submission vendor or qualified registry, the request for an informal review must be made by the vendor or registry that submitted the data on behalf of their client. One request will need to be submitted for each TIN/NPI under which they would like CMS to conduct an informal review. The informal review decision will be sent to the applicable provider and not to the registry or EHR vendor.For questions, contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or by email to qnetsupport@hcqis.org Monday through Friday, from 7:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. CT.If you have questions, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or ... (more)If you have questions, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or qnetsupport@sdps.org from 7:00 a.m.-7:00 p.m. CST (Monday-Friday).You might also want to review the How to Get Started section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting and eRx Incentive Program websites at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS and http://www.cms.gov/ERXincentive. New materials are posted on the website and announced using regular CMS communication channels.Please note: The CMS website is the primary source for all publicly available information and CMS-supported educational and implementation support materials for Physician Quality Reporting and the eRx Incentive Program.(1) If an individual eligible professional (EP) or group practice reports data for a measure, then that measure applies to their practice, and(2) The concept that if one measure in a cluster of measures related to a particular clinical topic, OR individual EP, or group practice service is applicable to an individual EP’s or group’s practice, then other closely-related measures (measures in that same cluster) would also be applicable.MAV will occur for claims-based reporting by individual EPs OR registry-based reporting by individual EPs and group practices who satisfactorily report quality data for less than nine measures OR less than three domains. If MAV analytically determines that the individual EP or group practice could have reported additional measures or domains within the clinical cluster, then the 2014 Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) incentive would not be earned and the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment may apply.If MAV analytically determines that the individual EP or group practice could NOT have reported additional measures or domains within the clinical cluster, the individual EP or group practice would be eligible for the 2014 PQRS incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.Please contact the QualityNet help desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via the new e-mail address at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have any additional questions.The Physician Reporting quality-data codes (QDCs) HCPCS codes follow current rules for reporting other HCPCS codes (e.g., CPT Category I codes). On the ASC X12N 837 professional health care claim transaction, HCPCS procedure codes are submitted in the SV1 "Professional Service" Segment of the 2400 "Service Line" Loop. The data element for the procedure code is SV101-2 "Product/Service ID." Note that it is also necessary to identify in this segment that you are supplying a HCPCS code by submitting the "HC" code for data element SV101-1. For claims submitted on the CMS 1500 Form, procedure codes are reported in field 24D. Whether submitting electronic or paper claims, complete all the necessary data elements (or fields) on the billing line item. Necessary data elements/fields include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:Date of service; Place of service; Physician Reporting QDC(s), along with modifier (if appropriate); Diagnosis pointer; Submitted charge ($0.00 should be entered for Physician Reporting codes); Rendering provider number (NPI). NOTE: The submitted charge field cannot be left blank. The amount of $0.00 should be entered on the claim as the charge. If the physician's billing software does not accept a $0.00 charge, a nominal amount can be substituted. Whether the correct $0.00 charge or a nominal amount is submitted to the Carrier/MAC, the Physician Quality Reporting code line is denied and tracked. The Remittance Advice associated with the claim containing the Physician Reporting QDC line item will include a standard Remark Code (N365) and a message that will read as follows: "This procedure code is not payable. It is for reporting/information purposes only." This remittance advice confirms that the Physician Quality Reporting code(s) passed into the National Claims History (NCH) file for use in calculating incentive eligibility. Eligible professionals should note that the submission of a non-zero charge amount with Physician Quality Reporting codes may complicate secondary payers' processing of the claims. Physicians and other eligible professionals are not allowed to collect any monies from beneficiaries for charges submitted for the Physician Reporting codes. See the Physician Quality Reporting Implementation Guide.The eligible professional will need to pay close attention to PQRS measures group patient sample criteria, and report on... (more)The eligible professional will need to pay close attention to PQRS measures group patient sample criteria, and report on at least 20 unique Medicare Part B FFS patients to whom the measures group applies (when reporting via registry, a minimum of 11 eligible patients must be Medicare Part B FFS). Immediate feedback as to whether the eligible professional has accurately identified and reported all 20 required unique patients is not available. The eligible professional can check the Remittance Advice to ensure that quality-data codes (QDCs) reported were processed and denied as indicated by remark code N365 on the Explanation of Benefits or “EOB” when reporting via claims. CMS would also recommend reporting on more than 20 patients, in case there are issues with rejected or pending claims, ineligible patients, or any other situation that may lead to exclusions from the 20 patient sample.Note: The N365 denial code is just an indicator that the QDC codes were recognized by the carrier/MAC as being part of the PQRS program. It does not guarantee the QDC is valid for the measure or that incentive quotas were met.The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) is committed to ensuring clinicians provide performance information based on the most current clinical guidelines and is actively working with measure stewards to update the Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) measures specifications for Program Year 2015. CMS will provide additional information as it becomes available and update this Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) accordingly.The 2014 PQRS measures covering blood pressure clinical concepts were not updated to match the latest JNC 8 clinical guidelines. 2014 PQRS measures were legislatively mandated to be published prior to January 1, 2014. Since the updated clinical guidelines were not published until the last quarter of 2013, CMS and measure stewards did not have adequate time to determine appropriate updates required for all PQRS measures affected by the new guidelines.Even though the 2014 measures do not reflect the most current guidelines, CMS still believes measures that represent the clinical concepts of blood pressure are important cross-cutting measures to be maintained within PQRS and other reporting programs as they are important indicators of provider quality.The 2014 measure specifications reflected the recommended scientific clinical guidance at the time of publication. The impact of the updated guidelines to PQRS measures are actively being evaluated by measure stewards in order to make appropriate modifications to the 2015 PQRS measures.Measure concepts related to blood pressure and low-density lipid control that co-exist within PQRS and Meaningful Use may not be in alignment. This is due to the timing for each of these reporting programs to receive and implement measure revisions for the upcoming program years.CMS encourages clinicians to manage care based on the most current clinical guidelines. The recommendation would be to report on measures that best represent the quality of care provided to patients. Please review each measure’s numerator options to ensure that the most accurate option is reported or submitted for the measure chosen to report.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.If you are an eligible professional (EP) or group practice who participated in the 2013 PQRS and believe that your 2013 ... (more)If you are an eligible professional (EP) or group practice who participated in the 2013 PQRS and believe that your 2013 PQRS feedback report, incentive payment OR the 2015 PQRS Payment Adjustment is incorrect, you may submit a request for an informal review to CMS.All informal review requests must be submitted electronically through the Communication Support Page (CSP) between January 1, 2015 and February 28, 2015. Eligible professionals who did not satisfactorily report 2013 data on quality measures for covered professional services will be subject to a payment adjustment under PQRS beginning in 2015.For questions, contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or by email to qnetsupport@hcqis.org Monday through Friday, from 7:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. CT.Yes, beginning in 2014 EPs at CAHs who bill Medicare Part B using Method II can participate in PQRS (and the EHR Ince... (more)Yes, beginning in 2014 EPs at CAHs who bill Medicare Part B using Method II can participate in PQRS (and the EHR Incentive Program) if they add their Individual NPI on the CMS-1450 Institutional Claim form (NOT the CMS-1500 form). For the 5010 version of the 837 I, Fiscal Intermediary Shared System (FISS) shall accept rendering physician/practitioner information at the line level (loop 2420C.For the 2014 PQRS program year, EPs who bill using CAH Method II will NOT be able to report via the claims-based reporting mechanism in 2014, as the claims system would have needed to be updated to pull PQRS quality-data codes (QDCs) off the 1450 claim form and only pulled off of the CMS 1500 claim form in 2014. However, EPs who bill using CAH Method II WILL be able to report PQRS via Registry, Electronic Health Record (EHR), qualified clinical data registry (QCDR), and Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO).For the 2015 PQRS program year, EPs who bill using CAH Method II WILL be able to report via the claims-based reporting mechanism as the claims system has been updated to pull PQRS quality-data codes (QDCs) off the 1450 claim form. EPs who bill using CAH Method II WILL also be able to report PQRS via Registry, Electronic Health Record (EHR), qualified clinical data registry (QCDR), and Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO).Please refer to your Medicare Administrative Contractor (MAC) if you need assistance determining whether or not you bill Medicare Part B PFS services. See the Contact Center Directory at http://www.cms.gov/MLNProducts/Downloads/CallCenterTollNumDirectory.zip.If you need assistance determining whether or not your provided services are included in PQRS measures, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or viaqnetsupport@hcqis.org. The QualityNet Help Desk is available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Central Time Monday through Friday.In Program Year 2014, PQRS and the EHR Incentive Program completely aligned the measures to utilize the electronic sp... (more)In Program Year 2014, PQRS and the EHR Incentive Program completely aligned the measures to utilize the electronic specifications for clinical quality measures (eCQMs). For the EHR Incentive Program, PQRS Measure #316 was divided into two eCQMs: CMS61 and CMS64. Therefore, CMS61 and CMS64 will be counted as two separate measures to meet the satisfactorily reporting requirements of reporting on at least 9 measures across 3 domains. For PQRS, these measures will be represented as 316a and 316b, respectively.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.The analysis of satisfactory reporting will be performed at the individual eligible professional level within each TIN, ... (more)The analysis of satisfactory reporting will be performed at the individual eligible professional level within each TIN, using individual-level National Provider Identifier (NPI) to identify each professional's services and quality data. Incentives earned by individual professionals will be issued to the TIN under which he or she earned an incentive, based on the Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) professional services claims submitted under the TIN, aggregating individual eligible professionals' incentives to the TIN level. For eligible professionals who submit claims under multiple TINs, CMS groups claims by TIN for analysis and payment purposes. As a result, a professional who submits claims under multiple TINs may earn a Physician Quality Reporting incentive under one of the TINs and not the other(s), or may earn an incentive under each TIN. The financial incentive earned by any individual professional under a given TIN, based on the claims associated with that TIN, will be included in that TIN's aggregate Physician Quality Reporting incentive payment. (FAQ2133) lessEligible professionals are listed on the Physician Quality Reporting website at http:/... (more)Eligible professionals are listed on the Physician Quality Reporting website at http://www.cms.gov/pqrs. Please read the list carefully as some may be eligible but unable to participate. (FAQ2113) lessIf you satisfactorily submit data for three or more PQRS measures, whether or not the measures are in a single cluster o... (more)If you satisfactorily submit data for three or more PQRS measures, whether or not the measures are in a single cluster or not, you would not be subject to MAV. Please note that other Medicare program integrity statutes and regulations may apply to PQRS. (FAQ2231) lessOne point of contact for the group practice reporting via PQRS GPRO will need to request an informal review. The info... (more)One point of contact for the group practice reporting via PQRS GPRO will need to request an informal review. The informal review will need to be submitted for the TIN under which the group practice participating via GPRO or Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) participating via GPRO submitted 2013 PQRS data.To submit the request, go to the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page (CSP), which will be available January 1, 2015 through February 28, 2015. CMS will announce the availability of this page through MLN Connects Provider eNews and the PQRS Listserv. All informal review requests must be submitted electronically through the CSP. The informal review decision is final and there will be no further review.Eligible professionals who did not satisfactorily report data on 2013 quality measures for covered professional services will be subject to a payment adjustment under PQRS beginning in 2015.For questions, contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or by email to qnetsupport@hcqis.orgMonday through Friday, from 7:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. CT.Yes. Based on the intent of the measure, denominator eligible patients must also be on a biologic immune response mod... (more)Yes. Based on the intent of the measure, denominator eligible patients must also be on a biologic immune response modifier that is prescribed by the eligible professional reporting the measure. Therefore, if the patient meets the denominator criteria with a diagnosis of psoriasis, and/or psoriatic arthritis, and/or rheumatoid arthritis, AND is on a biologic immune response modifier, then this patient would be considered denominator eligible for Measure #337 for reporting purposes.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-email at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.First, eligible professionals should determine if they bill under more than one group practice Taxpayer Identification N... (more)First, eligible professionals should determine if they bill under more than one group practice Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) and if one or more of these groups participate in Physician Quality Reporting.Next, eligible professionals need to determine if the TIN to whom they have reassigned their billing rights is participating via the Physician Quality Reporting GPRO. If this TIN is a selected GPRO, then the eligible professional may not participate individually in Physician Quality Reporting using that TIN/National Provider Identifier (NPI).If the same group practice TIN is NOT participating via the Physician Quality Reporting GPRO , the eligible professional may participate via other Physician Quality Reporting methods as an individual eligible professional using his/her own TIN/NPI.If the eligible professional practices for two different TINs, for example, TIN 1 participates as a GPRO and TIN 2 does not, then the eligible professional could participate individually using his/her individual TIN/NPI (TIN B).The eligible professional may also belong to two or more different group practices (two different TINs) both participating via GPRO) as long as he/she has reassigned billing rights to both TINs.Any Physician Quality Reporting financial payment earned under a given TIN will be included in that TIN's aggregate Physician Quality Reporting incentive payment. (FAQ2665) lessYes. The Locum Tenens is considered a "stand in" for the professional for whom he or she is acting as a substitute. If a... (more)Yes. The Locum Tenens is considered a "stand in" for the professional for whom he or she is acting as a substitute. If an eligible professional is submitting data for a Physician Quality Reporting measure, then all eligible cases billed under the professional's National Provider Identifier (NPI), including those cases in which the services were actually furnished by a Locum Tenens, will be counted in the analysis of reporting and performance rates for, and the amount of any financial incentive earned by, the Physician Quality Reporting participant. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2245) lessThe intent of this measure is to screen a broad range of patients for depression. Therefore, all Medicare Part B patient... (more)The intent of this measure is to screen a broad range of patients for depression. Therefore, all Medicare Part B patients aged 12 years and older that have a denominator eligible encounter with a PQRS eligible professional are included for reporting of this measure. This measure is not intended to screen patients that are currently diagnosed with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder. Patients with a diagnosis of depression or bipolar disorder can be denominator eligible; however, they would be considered “not eligible” and would be reported as such by using the appropriate numerator option listed in the specification.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@sdps.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.Submitting claims to report quality-data codes (QDCs) is no different than billing for other Medicare covered services. ... (more)Submitting claims to report quality-data codes (QDCs) is no different than billing for other Medicare covered services. Both the rendering National Provider Identification (NPI) and the group's NPI and TIN should be on the claim. See the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide for a sample CMS-1500 form indicating correct placement for the NPI and TIN. Please note that the TIN will be paid in accordance with however the group practice is set up in the CMS Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System (PECOS). (FAQ2147) lessWe post a list of qualified registries on the CMS Physician Quality Reporting and eRx Incentive Program websites under t... (more)We post a list of qualified registries on the CMS Physician Quality Reporting and eRx Incentive Program websites under the Alternative Reporting Mechanisms section. This list contains registries who met our established technical and other requirements, including: (1) submission of self-nomination and all documentation we require; and (2) who demonstrated they can produce and transmit a properly formatted file, with all necessary record layout elements and definitions, into the designated secure file-exchange system.Despite our rigorous testing process, CMS cannot guarantee that any given registry or EHR will be successful in sending your quality data to CMS. The cost for participating for 2012 qualified registries will be listed on our website.A Physician Quality Reporting participant who reports satisfactorily will earn a financial incentive based on a percenta... (more)A Physician Quality Reporting participant who reports satisfactorily will earn a financial incentive based on a percentage of the Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) total estimated allowed charges for covered services provided during the longest or most advantageous reporting period for which the professional satisfied criteria for at least one reporting option. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2323) lessNo. Feedback reports will be available to each practice, identified by Tax Identification Number (TIN) under which at... (more)No. Feedback reports will be available to each practice, identified by Tax Identification Number (TIN) under which at least one eligible professional reported Physician Quality Reporting or eRx quality measures data. Reports available to the practice will include information on reporting rates, clinical performance (excluding eRx), and incentives earned by individual professionals, with summary information on reporting success and incentives earned at the practice (TIN) level. TIN-level reports will include detailed information at the individual level on reporting rates for all NPIs who submitted information under that TIN. In addition, TIN-level reports will include the results of calculated performance on reported Physician Quality Reporting /eRx quality measures based on the code(s) submitted by that eligible professional on measures where each NPI submitted at least one valid quality-data code.The incentive payment, aggregated at the TIN level, will be issued either electronically or via check to the TIN by the Carrier/MAC. CMS will announce the availability of incentive payments through the CMS physician listserv and will be discussed during National Provider Calls.Eligible professionals that utilize codes 36223 or 36224 may find that there are instances where the imaging exam doe... (more)Eligible professionals that utilize codes 36223 or 36224 may find that there are instances where the imaging exam does not include the extracranial artery and the carotid bifurcation is not in the field of view*. Therefore, no assessment of internal carotid stenosis may be possible in these cases, and for these it is appropriate to report PQRS measure #195 using 3100F-8P: Carotid imaging study report did not include direct or indirect references to measurements of distal internal carotid diameter as the denominator for stenosis measurement, reason not otherwise specified.Reporting this numerator outcome will contribute to the overall reporting rate for the measure. For 2013, in order to satisfactorily report to earn an incentive an eligible professional would need to submit at least 50% of their applicable Medicare Part B FFS patients via the claims-based reporting mechanism or at least 80% via registry. Please note, submitting an 8P reporting modifier for all denominator-eligible patients will result in a 0% performance rate and the measure will not count toward earning the 2013 incentive. The recommended clinical quality action must be performed on at least one patient for each individual measure reported by the eligible professional.*For more information on CPT coding for diagnostic studies of the cervicocerebral arteries, refer to the AMA cpt Assistant May 2013, Volume 23 Issue 5.Yes. Based on the intent of Measure #193, MAC or PNB without general anesthesia are considered reportable exclusions ... (more)Yes. Based on the intent of Measure #193, MAC or PNB without general anesthesia are considered reportable exclusions for this measure. Measure #193 contains language in the Numerator exclusion options that only includes general and neuraxial anesthesia, however, MAC or PNB without general anesthesia are also included as Numerator exclusions. For MAC or PNB without general anesthesia that lasts 60 minutes or longer, report 4250F with 1P AND G9362. For MAC or PNB without general anesthesia that is less than 60 minutes, report G9363.If you do not have Microsoft® Office 2007, you can download the free Excel® Viewer or Compatibility Pack® from Microsoft... (more)If you do not have Microsoft® Office 2007, you can download the free Excel® Viewer or Compatibility Pack® from Microsoft without having to upgrade an older Office version. The GoogleTM Docs program will also open Microsoft® Office.You can copy data from the Excel Viewer to another program; however, you cannot edit data, save a workbook, or create a new workbook. This download is a replacement for Excel Viewer 97 and all previous Excel Viewer versions.Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)-level feedback reports are available in these formats:• Excel® 2007• .csv• Adobe® PDFNational Provider Identifier (NPI)-level feedback reports are available in:• Excel® 2007• Adobe® PDFIn addition, we are currently working on providing a secure, web-based dashboard tool that is more user-friendly and does not require Excel. This tool will be on the Physician and Other Health Care Professionals Quality Reporting Portal at http://www.qualitynet.org/pqrsIf an eligible professional (EP) satisfactorily reports for 2014 PQRS using the EHR-based reporting option, (s)he wil... (more)If an eligible professional (EP) satisfactorily reports for 2014 PQRS using the EHR-based reporting option, (s)he will also satisfy the clinical quality measure (CQM) component of the EHR Incentive program; however, EPs will still be required to meet the other Meaningful Use objectives through the Medicare EHR Incentive Program Registration and Attestation System.To submit a PQRS informal review request, go to the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page (CSP), which will be available January 1, 2015 through February 28, 2015. CMS will announce the availability of this page through MLN Connects Provider eNews and the PQRS Listserv. All informal review requests must be submitted electronically through the CSP. The informal review decision is final and there will be no further review. Medicare EPs can use the EHR Incentive Program Attestation Module to view their attestation status. If they have demonstrated meaningful use of certified EHR technology, their attestation is accepted. If they did not meet one or more of the meaningful use minimum standards, their attestation is rejected. CMS also posts quarterly reports of providers that are meaningful users who are receiving an incentive payment. EPs can apply for an EHR Incentive Program payment adjustment reconsideration if they think their payment adjustment determination was made in error.To begin the process, EPs must complete the appropriate application and follow the instructions, as found on the CMS EHR Incentive Program website. The payment adjustment reconsideration application must be submitted electronically by 11:59 PM ET, February 28, 2015. The filing request and supporting documentation must be submitted electronically to pareconsideration@provider-resources.com. The request will only be processed if all documentation is provided at the time of submission. See CMS EHR Incentive Program website for more information. Questions can be directed to the EHR Incentive Program Information Center at 888-734-6433 (TTY 888-734-6563).For PQRS questions, contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or by email to qnetsupport@hcqis.org Monday through Friday, from 7:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. CT.CMS will identify and select a random sample of Medicare beneficiaries who have received primary care within the grou... (more)CMS will identify and select a random sample of Medicare beneficiaries who have received primary care within the group practice participating in the group practice reporting option (GPRO) for PQRS. The CAHPS sample will be limited to beneficiaries age 18 or older, who are not known to be institutionalized or deceased.The number of patients sampled may vary based on the size of the group practice. For large group practices of 100 or more eligible professionals, CMS will draw a sample of 860 beneficiaries. If the practice has fewer than 860 beneficiaries, but more than 415 beneficiaries, CMS will survey all eligible beneficiaries in program year 2014. If the practice has fewer than 416 beneficiaries, the survey cannot be conducted.For group practices with 25 to 99 eligible providers, CMS will draw a sample of 860 beneficiaries. If the practice has fewer than 860 beneficiaries, but more than 254 beneficiaries, CMS will survey all eligible beneficiaries in program year 2014.CMS completed data collection for program year 2013 in July of 2014. Data collection for program year 2014 will occur January through March 2015.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Starting with data submitted for the 2011 PQRS, eligible professionals can request an informal review of their data, whi... (more)Starting with data submitted for the 2011 PQRS, eligible professionals can request an informal review of their data, which may include questioning the results of MAV analysis. The individual eligible professional will need to request his or her own informal review for the individual National Provider Identifier (NPI) for each Tax Identification Number (TIN) under which (s)he submitted PQRS quality-data codes. Each year CMS will determine a time period during which informal review requests may be submitted.After submitting a valid PQRS informal review request, CMS (via the QualityNet Help Desk) will perform an internal review of the data and will e-mail the EP a summary of his or her results.Eligible professionals can contact the QualityNet Help Desk for additional assistance regarding submitting a PQRS informal review request. The QualityNet Help Desk can be reached at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday, or via e-mail to http://www.Qnetsupport@sdps.org. To avoid security violations, do not include personal identifying information, such as Social Security Number or Tax Identification Number (TIN), in e-mail inquiries to the QualityNet Help DeskEvery Physician Quality Reporting measure within a measures group must be reported on each unique patient in the eligibl... (more)Every Physician Quality Reporting measure within a measures group must be reported on each unique patient in the eligible professional's sample to whom the measure(s) applies. In many cases, all the measures in a group will apply to all the patients in the measures group sample, but in some cases only some of the measures in a group will apply to each patient. For example, the Preventive Care measures group includes three measures that apply only to female patients; the eligible professional would be required to report these measures on females in the measures group sample who are within each measure's specific age range. They would not be expected to report a female-specific measure on a male patient or on a female patient outside the measure's specified age range.An eligible professional could choose to report Physician Quality Reporting measures that are not applicable to a patient to ensure complete reporting; however, these patients will be ignored in the 30-patient sample count. (For example, there is no penalty for reporting diabetes measures on an 80-year-old patient, but the count for the 30-patient sample will include only patients in the 18-75 year range for the Diabetes Mellitus measures group).The 2012 Physician Quality Reporting System Claims-Based Measures Groups Specifications Manual, posted on the CMS website, contains an overview page for each measures group that details the reporting requirements.CMS is required by statute to validate, prior to making any incentive payment to participants reporting individual me... (more)CMS is required by statute to validate, prior to making any incentive payment to participants reporting individual measures through claims, whether participating eligible professionals have satisfactorily submitted quality data for at least the statutory minimum number of measures, based on the number of available measures that are applicable to their practices. Thus, CMS will apply MAV in situations where eligible professionals have submitted quality data for fewer than three quality measures and achieved at least a 50% reporting rate for 2013 on each measure for which data were submitted. If CMS finds that there are additional measures applicable to such professionals' practices for that reporting period, these professionals will not be eligible for a PQRS incentive payment.Detailed descriptions of the MAV processes for each program year are available from the Analysis and Payment page on the CMS PQRS website.Yes. Based on the intent of Measure #193, MAC or PNB without general anesthesia are considered reportable exclusions ... (more)Yes. Based on the intent of Measure #193, MAC or PNB without general anesthesia are considered reportable exclusions for this measure. Measure #193 contains language in the Numerator exclusion options that only includes general and neuraxial anesthesia, however, MAC or PNB without general anesthesia are also included as Numerator exclusions. For MAC or PNB without general anesthesia that lasts 60 minutes or longer, report 4250F with 1P AND 4255F. For MAC or PNB without general anesthesia that is less than 60 minutes, report 4256F.Yes, this is correct. Independent Laboratories (ILs) are a supplier specialty (69), not a physician specialty and are th... (more)Yes, this is correct. Independent Laboratories (ILs) are a supplier specialty (69), not a physician specialty and are therefore not eligible to participate in the Physician Quality Reporting incentive program. Providers not defined as eligible professionals in the Tax Relief Health Care Act of 2006 or the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 are not eligible to participate in Physician Quality Reporting and do not qualify for an incentive. An IL is enrolled in Medicare as an organization and therefore bills under its own facility national provider identifier (NPI). An IL claim cannot show a physician's individual NPI on the rendering/performing provider ID line on the claim. If an IL claim is submitted with a rendering NPI of a physician on the claim, that claim would be rejected by the Carrier/MAC. Also, the physician cannot reassign her/his benefits to the IL. Therefore, when an IL enrolls in Medicare, it is set up much like an Independent Diagnostic Testing Facility (IDTF) in that there is no individual rendering/performing provider billed on the claim. Since ILs are an organization and not a group, they are not able to participate in Physician Quality Reporting through claims-based reporting. (FAQ2383) lessYes. All EPs within a group practice participating as a PQRS GPRO TIN must be using CEHRT to be eligible for PQRS report... (more)Yes. All EPs within a group practice participating as a PQRS GPRO TIN must be using CEHRT to be eligible for PQRS reporting via EHR. Please note that only group practices that registered to participate via PQRS GPRO may participate via PQRS GPRO for the 2014 reporting period. Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CT Monday through Friday. (FAQ10798) lessPQRS incentive can be received regardless of an eligible professional’s participation in the other programs.If participating in the Medicaid EHR Incentive Program, eligible professionals are able to also receive the 2013 eRx Incentive Program incentive payment. Eligible professionals must successfully generate and report electronic prescriptions 25 times for the 2013 eRx Incentive Program measure denominator-eligible services any time in 2013 (January 1-December 31, 2013) to receive the 2013 eRx Incentive Program incentive payment.If participating in the Medicare EHR Incentive Program, eligible professionals can still report the eRx Incentive Program measure, but are only eligible to receive one incentive payment for 2013. Eligible professionals successfully participating in both programs will receive the EHR Incentive Program incentive payment. If an eligible professional fails to report satisfactorily for the EHR Incentive Program, but reports successfully for the eRx Incentive Program, (s)he may receive the 2013 eRx Incentive Program incentive payment.Note: Participation in the EHR Incentive Program may exempt an eligible professional from the 2014 eRx Incentive Program payment adjustment; however, eligible professionals are encouraged to report the required number of eRx events or request a hardship exemption (if applicable) during the 2013 eRx 6-month reporting period (January 1-June 30, 2013) to be sure they avoid the 2014 eRx payment adjustment. Information on the eRx Incentive Program payment adjustment is available at http://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Quality-Initiatives-Patient-Assessment-Instruments/ERxIncentive. Also, those eligible professionals and group practices who satisfactorily report 2013 PQRS may avoid the 2015 PQRS payment adjustment. Additional information on the PQRS payment adjustment is available at http://cms.gov/Medicare/Quality-Initiatives-Patient-Assessment-Instruments/PQRS.No, registration with CMS is not required for eligible professionals to submit Physician Quality Reporting or eRx qualit... (more)No, registration with CMS is not required for eligible professionals to submit Physician Quality Reporting or eRx quality data via claims, registry, or EHR participation. However, completing the self-nomination and CMS selection process is required for group practices who wish to participate via the Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO).Eligible professionals (EPs) at IDTFs will not be subject to the 2015 or 2016 PQRS negative payment adjustment o... (more)Eligible professionals (EPs) at IDTFs will not be subject to the 2015 or 2016 PQRS negative payment adjustment only for services rendered at the IDTF. However, EPs who render services at IDTFs should participate in the PQRS starting in 2015 to avoid the PQRS negative payment adjustment in 2017 and beyond.During PQRS program years 2013 and 2014, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) issued guidance that EPs who rendered services at independent diagnostic testing facilities (IDTFs) would be eligible, but not able, to participate in PQRS due to their billing methodology. However, based on recent analysis, CMS has identified that services provided at or on behalf of an IDTF align with the billing methodology used for PQRS; therefore, these EPs are eligible and able to participate in PQRS.CMS is working to correct this guidance; therefore, EPs who rendered services at IDTFs will not receive the negative 2015 or 2016 PQRS payment adjustment. If an EP working at an IDTF receives a PQRS payment adjustment on his or her 2015 Part B MPFS reimbursements, the claim will be automatically reprocessed to return the 1.5 (or 2.0) percent adjustment only for services rendered at the IDTF. Please allow several months for reprocessing of claims and corrections to the payment adjustments. The remittance advice for the reprocessed claims will indicate that the payment represents a previous reduction based on the PQRS, as indicted by the following claim adjustment reason code (CARC) and remittance advice remark code (RARC):CARC 237 – Legislated/Regulatory Penalty, to designate when an upward payment adjustment will be applied.Starting with PQRS program year 2015, EPs who render Part B MPFS services via the CMS-1500 form or electronic equivalent at an IDTF facility or on its behalf should participate in the PQRS to avoid the negative 2017 PQRS payment adjustment. Information on how to participate in the 2015 PQRS is available on the CMS PQRS website.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Central Time Monday through Friday.Qualified Clinical Data Registries (QCDRs) are able to submit data for PQRS and the EHR Incentive Program on behalf o... (more)Qualified Clinical Data Registries (QCDRs) are able to submit data for PQRS and the EHR Incentive Program on behalf of individual Eligible Professionals (EPs). QCDRs have the ability to support PQRS measures and non-PQRS measures in any of the following individual measure categories.PQRS MEASURES: Current PQRS measures, including individual measures, measures group only measures, GPRO/ACO web interface measures, and eCQM measures specified for the current program year.QCDRs can support measures group only measures that do not have a correlating individual measure already available in the individual measures identified above. The measures within a measures group will count only as separate, individual measures. The QCDR will not be able to submit any measures group-level data. The “Physician Quality Reporting System (PQRS) Measures Groups Specifications Manual” is located on the CMS PQRS web site, Measures Codes web page at: http://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Quality-Initiatives-Patient-Assessment-Instruments/PQRS/MeasuresCodes.htmlQCDRs can support eCQMs for PQRS and/or the EHR Incentive Program. CMS will allow EPs, beyond their first year of demonstrating meaningful use, to submit eCQM information using QCDRs. QCDRs who wish to report the eCQM reporting component of meaningful use for the EHR Incentive Program must meet the QCDR requirements, including collecting data from Certified Electronic Health Record Technology (CEHRT) EHR systems and meeting the remaining EHR Incentive Program requirements.The June 2013 Update of 2014 eCQM measures specifications from the EHR Incentive Program’s eCQM library (http://www.cms.gov/Regulations-and-Guidance/Legislation/EHRIncentivePrograms/eCQM_Library.html) must be used by QCDRs supporting the EHR Incentive Program. Please note that a substantive error which would result in a, erroneous zero percent performance rate when reported was found in the June 2013 version of CMS140v2, Breast Cancer Hormonal Therapy for Stage IC-IIIC Estrogen Receptor/Progesterone Receptor (ER/PR) Positive Breast Cancer (NQF 0387), CMS will require the use of the prior, December 2012 version of this measure, which is CMS140v1.CMS will cover the cost of survey data collection for program years 2013 and 2014, and will not require participating... (more)CMS will cover the cost of survey data collection for program years 2013 and 2014, and will not require participating group practices to pay the costs of survey administration in those years. CMS’ survey contractor will provide reports directly to the group practices participating in CAHPS for PQRS in program years 2013 and 2014. Results for program year 2013 will be delivered to groups in early 2015. Results for program year 2014 will be delivered to groups by the end of calendar year 2015. Please note that group practices already conducting separate CAHPS efforts outside of PQRS are unable to report that data as only the CAHPS for PQRS survey meets the patient experience of care requirement for PQRS.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.CMS encourages eligible professionals to review the Physician Quality Reporting measures list to find three or more appl... (more)CMS encourages eligible professionals to review the Physician Quality Reporting measures list to find three or more applicable measures, including structural measures, to report. If you satisfactorily submit data for only one or only two Physician Quality Reporting measures, and you do not submit any quality-data code (QDC) for any other Physician Quality Reporting measure, you will be subject to the MAV process. For eligible professionals included in the validation process, if the CMS analysis determines there are no other measures you should have reported, and the eligible professional does not submit QDCs for any other measure, he or she will be eligible to receive a Physician Quality Reporting financial incentive. The MAV process for the program year, including the list of clusters and the measures included within each, can be found in "Physician Quality Reporting System Measure-Applicability Validation Process for Claims-Based Participation", available as a download from the Analysis and Payment page of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website at: http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/25_AnalysisAndPayment.asp. (FAQ2229) lessFor those group practices who registered to participate in the PQRS GPRO, the EHR Direct or a Data Submission Vendor (re... (more)For those group practices who registered to participate in the PQRS GPRO, the EHR Direct or a Data Submission Vendor (referred to as the EHR vendor) will need to analyze the group’s data at the Tax Identification Number (TIN) level. The EHR vendor must aggregate the data at the TIN level to ensure that the data is calculated correctly for group practice reporting. If the EHR vendor does not analyze this measure at the TIN level, then some encounters may not be included when computing the measure; resulting in an incorrect reporting rate.For example, CMS measure #147 requires two or more encounters during the measurement period. For group practice reporting, the EHR vendor must take into account all patient visits from all eligible professionals (EPs) under the TIN. Therefore, if a patient has multiple encounters with different eligible professionals under the TIN, then the patient will be counted in the initial patient population (IPP) for this measure only once. The group should submit data for the measure regardless of whether the group met the performance for this patient or not.Contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via email to Qnetsupport@hcqis.org. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.For the 2014 PQRS Program Year, measures groups are only reportable via a qualified registry. An eligible professional (... (more)For the 2014 PQRS Program Year, measures groups are only reportable via a qualified registry. An eligible professional (EP) may choose at least one (1) applicable measures group to report, then work with a registry to submit the data on his or her behalf. Criteria for satisfactorily reporting 2014 measures groups includes reporting on 20 or more applicable patients, of which only a majority (11) must be Medicare Part B FFS patients. Please note that measure groups containing a measure with a zero (0) percent performance rate will not be counted.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.If you are an eligible professional (EP) or group practice who participated in the 2013 eRx Incentive Program and believ... (more)If you are an eligible professional (EP) or group practice who participated in the 2013 eRx Incentive Program and believe that your 2013 feedback report or incentive payment is incorrect, you may submit a request for an informal review to CMS.Individual eligible professionals (EPs) or designated support staff will need to submit a request for an informal review for each individual rendering National Provider Identifier (NPI) for each Tax Identification Number (TIN) under which the requestor reported 2013 PQRS (quality-data codes (QDCs) via claims or submitted data via qualified registry or electronic health record [EHR]).No, eligible professionals should not send any PQRS data to MA organizations, unless otherwise required by contract between the eligible professional and the MA organization. Following conclusion of the respective program year, CMS will share any incentive information with the MA organization(s). The MA organizations are advised to check their claims databases to identify eligible professionals that Medicare Fee-for-Service (FFS) has identified as incentive eligible for Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) services. MA organizations are required to identify eligible professionals with whom they are not contracting and for which the MA organization paid claims for their members. MA organizations are to distribute incentive payments within 60 days of the final CMS notification to such non-contracting eligible professionals.Please note: Eligible professionals who have contracted with an MA plan are not eligible for either PQRS incentive bonuses from original Medicare for the MA plan members they treat. Eligible professionals are only entitled to incentive payments for services provided to MA plan enrollees from MA organizations.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Yes, “incident to” billing is included in the analysis of reporting for the Physician Quality Reporting System and/or... (more)Yes, “incident to” billing is included in the analysis of reporting for the Physician Quality Reporting System and/or the eRx Incentive Program. Claims with line items containing “incident to” billing will be included with all other claim line items attributed to the rendering National Provider Identifier (NPI) for that line for both reporting and incentive payment analysis.“Incident to” services are defined as those services furnished incident to the physician professional services while the patient is in the physician’s office (whether located in a separate office suite or within an institution) or in a patient’s home. These services are billed as Part B services to your Carrier or A/B Medicare Administrative Contractor (MAC) as if you personally provided them, and are paid under the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS).Incentive Program data analysis will be performed per each TIN/Individual NPI combination, and in the case of incident-to services, the NPI shown on the claim as Rendering Provider is the Individual NPI that will receive credit for reporting.For purposes of determining whether an eligible professional who is subject to Physician Quality Reporting System MAV ha... (more)For purposes of determining whether an eligible professional who is subject to Physician Quality Reporting System MAV has met or exceeded the minimum threshold for applicability of additional measures that are closely clinically related to one or more measures on which the professional satisfactorily submitted QDCs, CMS will analyze all of the professional's claims for covered professional Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) services furnished to Medicare Part B beneficiaries during the Physician Quality Reporting System reporting period(s). Detailed descriptions of the MAV processes for each program year are available from the Analysis and Payment page on the CMS Physician Quality Reporting System website. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs. (FAQ2227) lessThe patient survey includes the core questions contained in the CAHPS Clinician Group Survey (Version 2.0), plus addi... (more)The patient survey includes the core questions contained in the CAHPS Clinician Group Survey (Version 2.0), plus additional questions to measure access to and use of specialist care, experience with care coordination, patient involvement in decision-making, experiences with a health care team, health promotion and patient education, patient functional status, and general health. The survey will generate results and scores at the level of the group practice.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.For specialty- or practice-specific questions, please contact your professional organization or specialty association for guidance. In many cases, these organizations are represented on measure development workgroups and will have information about which measures are applicable to a particular specialty/practice. Begin by reviewing the Physician Quality Reporting System Measures List for the current program year, available in the Measures Codes section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrsThere are two options for reporting quality-data codes (QDCs) for the Physician Quality Reporting measures groups. The i... (more)There are two options for reporting quality-data codes (QDCs) for the Physician Quality Reporting measures groups. The individual eligible professional may report QDCs on all individual measures within the measures group OR report one (composite) G-code which indicates the performance (quality action) of all measures in the group were performed (e.g. G8490, which indicates all quality actions for the applicable measures in the rheumatoid arthritis measures group have been performed for the patient).If all of the quality actions for the measures within the measures group were performed at an encounter during the reporting period, the eligible professional could report the composite G-code instead of reporting QDCs for each measure individually. Please note that measure #1 (Diabetes Mellitus: Hemoglobin A1c Poor Control in Diabetes Mellitus) in the Diabetes Mellitus measures group is a poor control or inverse measure; therefore, the composite G-code should only be reported when the patient's Most Recent Hemoglobin A1c Level is in control (? 9.0%) and all of the other quality actions for this measures group have been performed for the patient.Note that performance exclusion modifiers (i.e., 1P, 2P, 3P or G-code equivalent) and the 8P reporting modifier cannot apply to the reporting of any measure within the measures group if the composite G-code is used for reporting because all of the quality actions for each measure must have been performed and documented.Measures groups containing a measure with a 0% performance rate will not be counted as satisfactorily reporting the measures group. The recommended clinical quality action must be performed on at least one patient for each measure within the measures group reported by the eligible professional. When a lower rate indicates better performance, such as Measure #1, a 0% performance rate will be counted as satisfactorily reporting (100% performance rate would not be considered satisfactorily reporting). Performance exclusion quality-data codes are not counted in the performance denominator. If the eligible professional submits all performance exclusion quality-data codes, the performance rate would be 0/0 (null) and would be considered satisfactorily reporting. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/15_MeasuresCodes.asp(FAQ2529) lessIACS is the security system CMS uses to register users and control issuance of user IDs, passwords, and access to CMS web-based applications.An IACS user who has not changed his or her password in over 60 days will be prompted to do so at the next login attempt. An IACS user who has not changed his or her password in over 120 days will first be prompted to answer the security questions established at registration. After successfully answering security questions, the user will then be prompted for a password change. TIN-level feedback reports are only available through a secured website and require an IACS account. If you have questions, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Monday through Friday or via e-mail to Qnetsupport@sdps.org.If you do not have Microsoft® Office 2007, you can download the free Excel® Viewer or Compatibility Pack® from Micros... (more)If you do not have Microsoft® Office 2007, you can download the free Excel® Viewer or Compatibility Pack® from Microsoft without having to upgrade an older Office version. The GoogleTM Docs program will also open Microsoft® Office.You can copy data from the Excel Viewer to another program; however, you cannot edit data, save a workbook, or create a new workbook. This download is a replacement for Excel Viewer 97 and all previous Excel Viewer versions.Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN)-level feedback reports are available in these formats:In addition, we are currently working on providing a secure, web-based dashboard tool that is more user-friendly and does not require Excel. This tool will be on the Physician and Other Health Care Professionals Quality Reporting Portal at http://www.qualitynet.org/pqrs.Claims sent on the old CMS 1500 claim form (08/05) will no longer be accepted after March 31, 2014. Beginning on Apri... (more)Claims sent on the old CMS 1500 claim form (08/05) will no longer be accepted after March 31, 2014. Beginning on April 1, 2014, professional and supplier paper claims will only be accepted on the revised CMS 1500 claim form (02/12). Eligible professionals reporting PQRS via claims will need to ensure they are using the correct paper claim form during the 2014 reporting period.The revised form adds the following: Indicators for differentiating between ICD-9-CM and ICD-10-CM diagnosis codes.Expansion of the number of possible diagnosis codes to 12. Qualifiers to identify the following provider roles (on item 17):OrderingReferringSupervisingNote: Although the revised CMS 1500 claim form has functionality for accepting ICD-10 codes, do not submit ICD-10 codes on claims for dates of service prior to October 1, 2014.Instructions for completing the revised CMS 1500 claim form (02/12) are provided in the Medicare Claims Processing Manual at http://www.cms.gov/Regulations-and-Guidance/Guidance/Manuals/Internet-Only-Manuals-IOMs-Items/CMS018912.html (Pub. 100-04).PQRS measures group reporting uses the patient’s age at the date of the encounter. If the patient is within the speci... (more)PQRS measures group reporting uses the patient’s age at the date of the encounter. If the patient is within the specified age parameters as defined in the 2013 Physician Quality Reporting System Measures Groups Specifications and meets the remaining denominator criteria, the patient is eligible for reporting.The analysis of satisfactory reporting for Physician Quality Reporting will be performed at the individual eligible prof... (more)The analysis of satisfactory reporting for Physician Quality Reporting will be performed at the individual eligible professional level for each NPI/TIN, using the individual-level NPI. Incentives earned by individual eligible professionals will be paid to the TIN under which his or her claims were submitted, aggregating individual incentives earned by members of groups that bill under one TIN. (FAQ2131) lessIt is the responsibility of the eligible professional to make sure that his or her taxonomy is correct in NPPES. Eligibl... (more)It is the responsibility of the eligible professional to make sure that his or her taxonomy is correct in NPPES. Eligible professionals should periodically check their NPPES information and make updates to reflect any changes in status. For example, when physicians who have been assigned National Provider Identifiers (NPIs) become board-certified in other specialties or subspecialties, the physicians should update their data in the NPPES with these changes or additions to their specialization.Section 1848(m) of the Social Security Act authorizes the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) to subject eligible professionals who are not successful electronic prescribers under the eRx Incentive Program to future payment adjustments. CMS uses information from NPPES to determine which eligible professionals will be included in program analysis for the eRx Incentive Program incentive payments and payment adjustment. Those eligible professionals who were a physician (MD, DO, or podiatrist), nurse practitioner, or physician assistant as of June 30, 2011 based on primary taxonomy code in NPPES will be included in program analysis for the 2012 eRx payment adjustment.If you have questions, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk for additional assistance at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday, or via e-mail to Qnetsupport@sdps.org. To avoid security violations, do not include personal identifying information, such as Social Security Number or Tax Identification Number (TIN), in e-mail inquiries to the QualityNet Help Desk. (FAQ3805) lessCPC practice sites that have elected the PQRS waiver and are requesting an informal review should submit one request for... (more)CPC practice sites that have elected the PQRS waiver and are requesting an informal review should submit one request for each TIN/NPI within the CPC practice site. Please be sure to enter the CPC practice site ID number in the text field provided as this will ensure that the informal review is applied to all CPC eligible professionals (EPs) who were active at the practice site in 2013. Informal review requests will be automatically denied for those CPC practice sites that elected the PQRS waiver and received a 2013 PQRS incentive payment.CPC practice sites that did not elect the PQRS waiver, but would like to request an informal review, can do so via the method under which they reported to PQRS (e.g., group practice participating in the group practice reporting option [GPRO] or individual EP).To submit the request, go to the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page (CSP), which will be available January 1, 2015 through February 28, 2015. CMS will announce the availability of this page through MLN Connects Provider eNews, the PQRS Listserv, and other related CMS listservs. All informal review requests must be submitted electronically through the CSP. The informal review decision is final, and there will be no further review.For questions related to CPC, please contact CPC Support (cpcisupport@telligen.org or 800-381-4724).For other PQRS questions, contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or by email to qnetsupport@hcqis.org Monday through Friday, from 7:00 a.m. – 7:00 p.m. CT.A CMS-certified survey vendor is a new reporting mechanism, beginning in 2014, available to group practices participatin... (more)A CMS-certified survey vendor is a new reporting mechanism, beginning in 2014, available to group practices participating in PQRS via the Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO). This reporting mechanism is available to group practices of 25 or more eligible professionals (EPs) wishing to supplement their PQRS reporting with the Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) summary survey modules.A CMS-certified survey vendor, which CMS has chosen for 2014, will administer and collect all 12 summary survey modules on behalf of the group practices’ patients. The results of which will subsequently be posted on the CMS Physician Compare website.Unchanged for 2014 is the requirement of group practices of 100 or more EPs reporting via GPRO Web Interface to require patients complete the 12 CAHPS for PQRS summary survey modules on behalf of their experience and care within that group practice. CMS will continue to bear the cost of the CAHPS for PQRS summary survey modules for this specific group.Likewise, CMS WILL bear the cost of administering the CAHPS for PQRS summary survey modules to patients, regardless of reporting option (i.e. web interface, qualified registry, or certified EHR technology), for those groups of 25-99 EPs reporting CAHPS. Note: Group practices with an insufficient number of beneficiaries to produce reliable data may not be allowed to choose this option.If reporting for PQRS through another CMS program (such as the Medicare Shared Savings Program, Comprehensive Primary Care Initiative, Pioneer Accountable Care Organizations), please check the program’s requirements for information on how to report quality data to earn a PQRS incentive and/or avoid the PQRS payment adjustment.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.A qualified clinical data registry (QCDR) is a new reporting mechanism available for PQRS individual eligible profess... (more)A qualified clinical data registry (QCDR) is a new reporting mechanism available for PQRS individual eligible professionals (EPs) beginning in 2014. A QCDR will complete the collection and submission of PQRS quality measures data on behalf of EPs. For 2014, a QCDR is a CMS-approved entity (such as a registry, certification board, collaborative, etc.) that collects medical and/or clinical data for the purpose of patient and disease tracking to foster improvement in the quality of care provided to patients.EPs who satisfactorily participate in PQRS through a QCDR may earn the 2014 incentive payment (0.5%) and avoid the 2016 payment adjustment (2.0%). To be considered a QCDR for purposes of PQRS, an entity must self-nominate and successfully complete a qualification process.The data submitted to CMS via a QCDR covers quality measures across multiple payers and is not limited to Medicare beneficiaries. A QCDR is different from a qualified registry in that it is not limited to measures within PQRS. A QCDR may submit measures from one or more of the following categories with a maximum of 20 non-PQRS measures allowed:Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Beginning with 2011 Physician Quality Reporting, a group practice consisting of a single Taxpayer Identification Number ... (more)Beginning with 2011 Physician Quality Reporting, a group practice consisting of a single Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) with 2-199 individual eligible professionals or individual national provider identifiers (NPIs) can submit data on quality measures to qualify for an incentive payment. If it is determined that the group practice satisfactorily reports data on Physician Quality Reporting measures, the practice will be eligible for an incentive payment equal to one percent of the practice's total estimated Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) allowed charges.The GPRO II reporting mechanism is via claims. If the group does not have an applicable measures group to report via claims, the practice can report that measures group via a qualified registry. The reporting requirements for GPRO II are determined on a tiered basis depending on the group's size. Groups selected to participate in GPRO II will use the Physician Quality Reporting System Measure Specifications Manual for Claims and Registry Reporting of Individual Measures and the Physician Quality Reporting System Measures Groups Specifications Manual for the respective reporting year.To participate in GPRO II, group practices must go through a self-nomination process and be selected by CMS to participate. A maximum of 500 group practices will be selected. Individual eligible professionals who are a member of a group practice selected to participate in Physician Quality Reporting GPRO II are not eligible to separately earn a Physician Quality Reporting incentive payment under the same TIN/NPI combination. Once a group practice is selected to participate in GPRO II, this is the only method of reporting available to the group and all individual NPIs who bill Medicare under the group's TIN.For more information, see the Group Practice Reporting Option section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website at http://www.cms.gov/pqrs.Group practices of 25 or more eligible professionals must register to participate under the Group Practice Reporting Opt... (more)Group practices of 25 or more eligible professionals must register to participate under the Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO) for PQRS. Group practices that select to have the CAHPS for PQRS summary survey modules reported on their behalf will need to additionally complete 6 measures covering at least 2 NQS domains using a qualified registry, direct EHR, data submission vendor, OR report all 22 GPRO Web Interface composite measures. This will allow group practices to earn a 2014 PQRS incentive and avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.Group practices with 100 or more eligible professionals and reporting via the GPRO Web Interface are required to report CAHPS for PQRS summary survey modules to satisfactorily report PQRS for the 2014 PQRS incentive and to avoid the 2016 PQRS Payment Adjustment.All other group practices can elect to report CAHPS to supplement their PQRS reporting, CMS WILL bear the cost of administering the CAHPS for PQRS summary survey modules to patients, regardless of reporting option (i.e. web interface, qualified registry, or certified EHR technology), for those groups of 25 or more EPs wishing to supplement their PQRS reporting with CAHPS.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.Yes. Group practices that wish to cancel their registration for participation in the 2014 PQRS GPRO must contact the ... (more)Yes. Group practices that wish to cancel their registration for participation in the 2014 PQRS GPRO must contact the QualityNet Help Desk before the registration period closes on September 30, 2014 at 11:59 p.m. EDT. Group practices will not be allowed to cancel their 2014 GPRO registration after this date.If a group practice with 10 or more EPs wishes to cancel its PQRS GPRO registration, then the group can still avoid the -2.0% Value Modifier payment adjustment in 2016, if:at least 50% of the EPs in the group participate in the 2014 PQRS as individuals and meet the satisfactory reporting criteria as individuals via claims, a qualified PQRS registry, or EHR to avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustmentorin lieu of satisfactory reporting, satisfactorily participate in a qualified clinical data registry to avoid the 2016 PQRS payment adjustment.No registration is necessary if the EPs in a group practice participate in PQRS as individuals.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CT Monday through Friday.Beginning in 2015, CMS will subject eligible professionals who are not successful reporters under Physician Quality R... (more)Beginning in 2015, CMS will subject eligible professionals who are not successful reporters under Physician Quality Reporting to a payment adjustment.If subject to the 2015 Physician Quality Reporting payment adjustment, eligible professionals will be paid 1.5% less than the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) amount for services rendered in 2015. In 2016 and each subsequent year, the payment adjustment increases to 2.0%. The payment adjustment will be applied to all of the eligible professional's Part B-covered professional services under the Medicare PFS.Please try to select and submit under one hardship exemption category. We encourage eligible professionals to choose the hardship exemption category most accurately describing the hardship situation. Please use the "Justification for Hardship Exemption" field to request consideration for one or more of the other listed exemption categories as finalized in the 2011 eRx Rule.For any questions or concerns, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 866-288-8912 (TTY 877-715-6222) from 7:00 a.m.-7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday or via e-mail to Qnetsupport@sdps.org.Yes. Individual eligible professionals (EPs) and group practices participating via the group practice reporting option (GPRO) may select more than one registry to submit data on their behalf. If an EP or group practice participating via GPRO submits quality measure data via multiple registries, PQRS will not combine the data but rather will evaluate each registry’s data individually as a unique reporting method for that EP or group practice participating via GPRO. PQRS will accept and use the most recent version of every measure submitted by a single registry for a group practice or EP. The most advantageous submission from one registry will be used for determining the incentive eligibility and subjectivity to the payment adjustment for the EPs and group practices.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. They are available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CT Monday through Friday.The intent of this measure is to capture isolated CABG surgeries for patients that received a beta-blocker within 24 ... (more)The intent of this measure is to capture isolated CABG surgeries for patients that received a beta-blocker within 24 hours prior to surgical incisions. This measure was updated for Program Year 2014 to allow anesthesiologist to report this measure. In order to ensure that the only surgeries allowed into the denominator for the measures are isolated CABG surgeries, the anesthesiologist CPT code (00562) (which is not specific to isolated CABG) would need to be in conjunction with the CPT indicated for the CABG surgery (33530) and one of the other CABG codes (33510, 33511, 33512, 33513, 33514, 33516, 33517, 33518, 33519, 33521, 33522, 33523, 33533, 33534, 33535, 33536).For claims-based billing the eligible professional (EP), whether it is the anesthesiologist or the surgeon, is only responsible for reporting the CPT coding that is relevant to them. Therefore, in order for claims data to establish the correct patient population, the surgical codes need to be utilized. Anesthesiologist are not required to report the procedure coding, as this is will be analytically handled by the PQRS system.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@sdps.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.As soon as CMS announces the beginning of the 2011 PQRS Informal Review request period, valid 2011 PQRS Informal Review requests must be submitted via the Communication Support Page, available at http://www.qualitynet.org/pqrs, prior to midnight, 11:59pm EST, on February 28, 2013. Appropriate justification is required, and failure to complete the mandatory fields will result in a denial of the informal review request. After submitting a valid informal review request, the web site will display a confirmation page. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address entered in the Requestor’s Email Address field on the informal review request page.Within 60 days of your informal review request submission, CMS will conduct research for the individual Taxpayer Identification Number/National Provider Identifier (TIN/NPI) provided or group practice reporting option (GPRO) TIN, and provide a decision within 60 days of your informal review request. The decision will be sent to the address entered in the Requestor’s Email Address field on the informal review request page. Please check your junk email if you have not received a response from CMS within 60 days of your request.Please note that the informal review decision will be final, and there will be no further review or appeal.Eligible professionals will have the opportunity to use participation in Physician Quality Reporting to improve the c... (more)Eligible professionals will have the opportunity to use participation in Physician Quality Reporting to improve the care of the patients they serve through the evidence-based measures that are based upon clinical guidelines. Participating is a way to prepare for future pay-for-performance programs. A financial incentive is available to reward participating eligible professionals. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrsAs outlined in the 2011 Medicare eRx Incentive Program Final Rule (displayed August 31, 2011), eligible professionals wh... (more)As outlined in the 2011 Medicare eRx Incentive Program Final Rule (displayed August 31, 2011), eligible professionals who wish to avoid the 2012 eRx payment adjustment now have the opportunity to submit one of four new hardship exemption requests as well as an extended period to submit either of the two previous hardship exemptions established in the 2011 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule Final Rule, if applicable.Submission will be completed using a new CMS provider website, called the Quality Reporting Communication Support Page. It will be available at http://www.qualitynet.org/pqrs, so please continue checking the website for updates and additional information. The Quality Reporting Communication Support Page is where the eligible professional will be instructed to enter the hardship exemption request and supporting rationale. The eligible professional or group practice must demonstrate that one of these situations applies to the respective practice, and submission of the significant hardship exemption request must be completed by November 1, 2011. Instructions are posted on the eRx Incentive Program web site, available at https://www.cms.gov/ERxIncentive, and communicated through normal CMS education and outreach channels.Please note: Do not submit these requests via claims, as the new eRx hardship exemptions will not be associated with a G-code.Included below is the complete list of eRx hardship exemptions that may be submitted to CMS by November 1, 2011 using the web-based mechanism:a) The practice is located in a rural area without high-speed Internet access (previously G8642)b) The practice is located in an area without sufficient available pharmacies for electronic prescribing (previously G8643)c) Registration to participate in the Medicare or Medicaid EHR Incentive Program and adoption of Certified EHR Technology (new)d) Inability to electronically prescribe due to local, state, or federal law or regulation (e.g., controlled substances) (new)e) Limited prescribing activity (new)f) Insufficient opportunities to report the eRx measure due to limitations of the measure's denominator (new)For any questions or concerns, please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 866-288-8912 (TTY 877-715-6222) from 7:00 a.m.-7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday or via e-mail to Qnetsupport@sdps.org.Reference: http://www.cms.gov/ERxIncentiveThe analysis of whether an individual eligible professional has satisfactorily reported is expected to be performed a... (more)The analysis of whether an individual eligible professional has satisfactorily reported is expected to be performed at the individual NPI level. The eligible professional's individual NPI must be listed along with the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) codes for services, procedures, and quality data on the claim. Thus, to participate in Physician Quality Reporting as an individual eligible professional, they must have their individual-level NPIs and must consistently use their individual NPIs to correctly identify their services, procedures, and quality-data codes for an accurate determination of satisfactory reporting. CMS-selected Group Practice Reporting Option (GPRO) participants may submit quality data via an alternative mechanism with rates calculated at the TIN level. Refer to the CMS-1500 Claim Example (Appendix D) of the Physician Quality Reporting Implementation Guide at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/15_MeasuresCodes.aspThe Physician Quality Reporting and eRx Incentive Program analysis will ignore line items with POS 50 (Federally Qualifi... (more)The Physician Quality Reporting and eRx Incentive Program analysis will ignore line items with POS 50 (Federally Qualified Health Center or FQHC), 72 (Rural Health Center or RHC), and 81 (Independent Diagnostic Testing Facility). These three POS codes are not used in incentive payment calculations. If you are an eligible professional, work exclusively at any of these facilities, and bill Medicare Part B with one of these POS codes, you unfortunately are unable to participate in Physician Quality Reporting or the eRx Incentive Program. You would also be exempt from eRx payment adjustments.There are measure-specific requirements regarding POS. Please review the measure specifications for the current program year to determine if this applies to the measure(s) you report or plan to report.CMS has implemented program rules for the GPRO Web Interface sampling criteria that exclude patients under certain condi... (more)CMS has implemented program rules for the GPRO Web Interface sampling criteria that exclude patients under certain conditions such as moving out of the county, in hospice, etc. These rules are applied prior to any measure or module-specific criteria in order to establish the denominator of each measure. Assignment and sampling criteria for pre-population of the Web Interface uses claims information accessed early in November of the measurement year. Therefore, the WI allows the group or Accountable Care Organization (ACO) to remove patients who are in hospice, moved out of the country, are deceased, or who have enrolled in a HMO in the latter part of the year not covered in the initial sampling process.For more information, please refer to the 2014 GPRO Assignment Specifications and the 2014 GPRO Sampling Supplement documents. These are available as downloads on the GPRO Web Interface page of the CMS PQRS website.The Physician Quality Reporting System analyzes claims data using ALL diagnoses from the base claim (Item 21 of the CMS-... (more)The Physician Quality Reporting System analyzes claims data using ALL diagnoses from the base claim (Item 21 of the CMS-1500 or electronic equivalent) and service codes for each individual professional, identified by his or her rendering individual National Provider Identifier (NPI) on allowed/paid service line or a Physician Quality Reporting quality-data code (QDC) line. The line-item containing the QDC should point to the diagnosis that is relevant to the measure being reported. Measures that require the reporting of two or more diagnoses on a claim will be analyzed using all diagnoses submitted in Item 21 or electronic equivalent. Up to four diagnoses can be submitted on the CMS-1500 claim form, and up to eight on the electronic equivalent. Please see the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide for additional information. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2373) lessNo. Claims may not be resubmitted simply to add or correct QDCs. QDCs which supply the numerator must be submitted on th... (more)No. Claims may not be resubmitted simply to add or correct QDCs. QDCs which supply the numerator must be submitted on the same claim that contains the denominator information (i.e., CPT Category I or HCPCS codes). Refer to the claims-based reporting principles delineated in the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide available on the CMS website at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/15_MeasuresCodes.asp. See the Claims-Based Reporting Principles for the eRx Incentive Program available on the CMS website at http://www.cms.gov/ERxIncentive/06_E-Prescribing_Measure.asp. (FAQ2263) lessCMS will publish PQRS and eRx quality information such as participation and reporting rates. In addition, some aggregate... (more)CMS will publish PQRS and eRx quality information such as participation and reporting rates. In addition, some aggregated rates at the state, regional, or national level may be available. See http://www.medicare.gov/Facilities and Doctors /Find a Doctor. (FAQ7593) lessFor calendar year 2014, ICD-10 codes are provided as REFERENCE ONLY and will not count toward satisfactorily reportin... (more)For calendar year 2014, ICD-10 codes are provided as REFERENCE ONLY and will not count toward satisfactorily reporting measures within 2014 PQRS for purposes of the incentive payment or payment adjustment. These codes have been incorporated into the 2014 PQRS Measures Specifications for claims, electronic health record (EHR), registry, and group practice reporting option (GPRO) Web Interface reporting methods. For the 2014 PQRS program year, analysis will only calculate measures by denominator-eligible criteria containing ICD-9 codes.For those eligible professionals reporting 2014 PQRS via EHR, ICD-10 codes are included in the 2014 PQRS EHR Downloadable Resource Table. ICD-10 coding will be accepted by the system if submitted, but will not be used for 2014 PQRS measure calculations since the ICD-10 implementation date is October 1, 2015.CMS will review and analyze data reported to determine satisfactory reporting and eligibility for an incentive payment b... (more)CMS will review and analyze data reported to determine satisfactory reporting and eligibility for an incentive payment based on a percentage of Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) total estimated allowed charges for covered services furnished during the reporting period. For more information, please visit the Analysis and Payment page of the Physician Quality Reporting section of the CMS website at:Medicare is a health insurance benefit for the aged and disabled. Medicare covers persons under the age of 65 who are el... (more)Medicare is a health insurance benefit for the aged and disabled. Medicare covers persons under the age of 65 who are eligible on the basis of permanent disability or end-stage renal disease. For more information on Medicare eligibility, please visit the CMS beneficiary-focused website at: http://www.medicare.gov/. The CMS Physician Quality Reporting web site is located at: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs. (FAQ2173) lessThe samples used in the GPRO Web Interface (WI) are based on CMS program rules and generally utilize Medicare claims. Th... (more)The samples used in the GPRO Web Interface (WI) are based on CMS program rules and generally utilize Medicare claims. The "CMS Other Approved Reason" is included in the WI as an available option to exclude a patient from the denominator of that module or in the Preventive Care and Care Coordination/Patient Safety modules at the individual measure level. In order to use this option, CMS must grant approval prior to use. For example, this could be used if either a WI issue or sampling issue is identified and brought to CMS' attention for resolution.CMS has recently identified an error related to the submission of Measure #235 "Hypertension: Plan of Care" for the 2... (more)CMS has recently identified an error related to the submission of Measure #235 "Hypertension: Plan of Care" for the 2012 Physician Quality Reporting System (Physician Quality Reporting). Hypertension: Plan of Care, is a measure that is reportable via claims or registry based submissions. Eligible professionals who report this measure via claims (or utilize Quality-Data Codes (QDCs) for registry-based reporting) will find that the associated QDCs are being rejected. Consequently, this has resulted in claims containing the QDCs associated with all or part of the claim the being rejected/denied by clearinghouses, Carriers or A/B Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs).The codes (G8675, G8676, G8677, G8678, G8679, G8680, 4050F) will be reactivated in April 2012. For 2012 claims-based reporting, Physician Quality Reporting requires at least 3 measures to each be reported at a 50% reporting rate. Eligible professionals who had intended to report this measure via claims (or utilize Quality-Data Codes (QDCs) for registry-based reporting) for 2012 Physician Quality Reporting may want to consider taking the following steps:• "Hypertension: Plan of Care" is a per visit measure, which requires reporting for 50% of eligible patient visits. Therefore, eligible professionals should report the measure on more than 50% of eligible visits from April through December 2012 to increase the likelihood for successful reporting of the measure.Claims may NOT be resubmitted for the sole purpose of adding or correcting QDCs. If a denied claim is subsequently corrected through the appeals process to the Carrier or A/B MAC, with accurate codes that also correspond to the measure’s denominator, then QDCs that correspond to the numerator should also be included on the resubmitted claim as instructed in the measure specifications.The majority of Physician Quality Reporting quality-data codes (numerator codes) are CPT Category II codes, although some measures may use G-codes. Detailed specifications for each quality measure are available on the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website as a download from the Measures Codes page (http://www.cms.gov/PQRS). The Single Source Code Master, a numerical listing of all codes included in Physician Quality Reporting, for professionals' use in setting up their billing/coding systems to capture all Physician Quality Reporting codes and modifiers, is also available on the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website as a download from the Measures Codes page. (FAQ2121) lessProviders should not include the Physician Quality Reporting or eRx Incentive Program QDCs on claims submitted to primar... (more)Providers should not include the Physician Quality Reporting or eRx Incentive Program QDCs on claims submitted to primary payers (when Medicare is secondary) unless notified or approved to do so by that payer. Providers should, however, place the Physician Quality Reporting QDCs on claims submitted to Medicare for secondary payment at the time these claims are submitted to Medicare. Note: It is the provider’s responsibility to ensure that the QDCs are submitted. If the primary payer does not forward the QDCs, the claim will be considered denominator eligible but not satisfactorily reported, which could affect incentive eligibility.Allowed charges are the portion of the submitted charges during the reporting period that is approved for Medicare payme... (more)Allowed charges are the portion of the submitted charges during the reporting period that is approved for Medicare payment (including the deductible and coinsurance). For more information on how Physician Quality Reporting incentive eligibility and amounts are calculated, please see the Analysis and Payment page of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website at: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs. CMS will post a document summarizing calculation of the incentive payment each program year. (FAQ2325) lessThe Physician Quality Reporting program analysis considers only Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) covered services for incentive payment calculations. For claims-based reporting, non-covered services submitted on Medicare claims will be denied and will NOT be counted in measure analysis or towards incentive payment calculations. Please refer to the posted Physician Quality Reporting System EHR Measure Specifications and the Physician Quality Reporting System GPRO EHR Measure Specifications regarding use of unpaid Medicare codes considered in measure analysis. These non-covered services will not be counted towards incentive payment calculations. EHR Measure Specifications identify non-covered services by using an arrow symbol to signify CPT Category I codes that are non-covered services under the PFS (Physician Fee Schedule).Cross-cutting measures are any measures that are broadly applicable across multiple clinical settings and eligible pr... (more)Cross-cutting measures are any measures that are broadly applicable across multiple clinical settings and eligible professionals (EPs) or group practices within a variety of specialties. The requirement of reporting cross-cutting measures is new to the Physician Quality Reporting System PQRS) program beginning in 2015.The requirement of reporting a cross-cutting measure is triggered if an EP or a group practice bills a face-to-face encounter. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) defines a face-to-face encounter as an instance in which the EP or group practice billed for services that are associated with face-to-face encounters under the Physician Fee Schedule (PFS). This includes general office visits, outpatient visits, and surgical procedure codes; however, CMS does not consider telehealth visits as a face-to-face encounter.For 2015 PQRS, if an EP or group practice bills a service defined as a face-to-face encounter, CMS will analyze claims-based data to determine if a cross-cutting measure may have been applicable. If at least 15 cross-cutting measure denominator eligible encounters are found for an EP or group practice, then CMS maintains that the cross-cutting measure was applicable for that EP to report. If less than 15 cross-cutting measure denominator eligible encounters occur, then the cross-cutting measure requirement would not be applicable.For more information regarding this topic, click the links below to access the Claims-Based and Registry-Based Measure Applicability Validation (MAV) Process documents:The 2014 PQRS specifications (individual measures and measures groups) for Measure #338 do not include a numerator op... (more)The 2014 PQRS specifications (individual measures and measures groups) for Measure #338 do not include a numerator option specifically for patients not prescribed antiviral therapy. However, the individual measure denominator describes the intended eligible population for the measure as patients, regardless of age, with a diagnosis of HIV who were prescribed antiretroviral therapy for at least 6 months and had a viral load test during the reporting period; AND who had at least two medical visits during the reporting period with at least 60 days between each visit. Therefore, if a patient was not prescribed antiretroviral therapy for at least 6 months, they would not be considered denominator eligible for Measure #338 and would not qualify for this measure.The HIV/AIDS Measures Group includes Measure #338. If the patient is not denominator eligible for Measure #338 when reporting this measures group, then it is acceptable to not report a numerator quality action for Measure #338. Therefore, only patients with a diagnosis of HIV who were prescribed antiretroviral therapy for at least 6 months and had a viral load test during the reporting period would be expected to have a numerator quality action in the HIV/AIDS Measures Group.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.For the 2012 reporting period, an eligible professional should indicate his/her intention to report a Physician Quality ... (more)For the 2012 reporting period, an eligible professional should indicate his/her intention to report a Physician Quality Reporting measures group by submitting the appropriate measures group intent to report G-code (separate from the composite G-code) on a claim during the reporting period, for covered professional services furnished to a patient enrolled in Medicare Part B (Fee-For-Service Medicare) for whom the measures in the measures group apply. All patients must be original Medicare Part B patients beginning with the 2011 program year (applies to claims and registry reporting). Quality-data codes, as specified in the Physician Quality Reporting System Measures Groups Specifications Manual, should be reported for each applicable measure included in the measures group for each patient, a minimum of once during the reporting period (12-month). See the Physician Quality Reporting System Fact Sheet: Getting Started with Reporting of Measures Groups and Physician Quality Reporting Made Simple - Reporting Preventive Care Measures Group under Educational Resources on the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website.Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrsIndividual measures with a 0% performance rate will not be counted as satisfactorily reporting for the 2012 Physician... (more)Individual measures with a 0% performance rate will not be counted as satisfactorily reporting for the 2012 Physician Quality Reporting System. The recommended clinical quality action must be performed on at least one patient for each individual measure reported by the eligible professional. A 0% performance rate could be due to the fact that none of the provider’s eligible patients were in compliance for the measure or that the provider did not provide the correct quality action to the patient.Exception: When a lower rate indicates better performance, such as Measure #1 (Diabetes Mellitus: Hemoglobin A1c Poor Control in Diabetes Mellitus), a 0% performance rate will be counted as satisfactorily reporting (100% performance rate would not be considered satisfactorily reporting).Performance exclusion quality-data codes are not counted in the performance denominator. If the eligible professional submits all performance exclusion quality-data codes, the performance rate would be 0/0 (null) and would be considered satisfactorily reporting.No. Eligible professionals whose employers bill for their services through a FI cannot participate in Physician Quality Reporting or eRx. The statute requires analysis based on satisfactory reporting and total allowed Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) charges at the individual level. The institutional claims process does not allow for the inclusion of the individual rendering professional's National Provider Identifier (NPI) on each service line. This information is necessary to conduct the individual-level analysis. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs, http://www.cms.gov/ERxIncentive(FAQ2193) lessCMS will review data submitted via one or more reporting methods to determine satisfactory reporting and eligibility for... (more)CMS will review data submitted via one or more reporting methods to determine satisfactory reporting and eligibility for a maximum incentive payment of a percentage of the Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) total estimated allowed charges during the reporting period. If the eligible professional achieves satisfactory reporting under more than one reporting option, the eligible professional will receive the incentive payment for the most advantageous reporting period for which he/she qualifies. There is no penalty if multiple options are attempted.For those reporting using the registry submission method, it is acceptable to use multiple registries within the same reporting year to submit Physician Quality Reporting data, even for the same measures. Data analysis will determine if satisfactory reporting was achieved for each method. Eligible professionals cannot combine reporting options to reach the three measure requirement per registry. Submitting Physician Quality Reporting data to several registries may increase the eligible professional's chance of satisfactory reporting, in case one registry was not successful.To the extent that individual eligible professionals (EPs) are reporting data to QCDRs on measures that are already in P... (more)To the extent that individual eligible professionals (EPs) are reporting data to QCDRs on measures that are already in PQRS, we will include these data in the calendar year (CY) 2016 value modifier computations, using the data reported in CY2014 and benchmarks from CY2013 data. We are unable to include non-PQRS measures that are newly reported in 2014, because we don’t have 2013 data available for benchmarking. Also, some QCDRs are allowing measures that are in PQRS, such as measures similar to PQRS measures but specified for different populations or measures for different areas of quality measurement. For these QCDR-specific measures, we intend to use the CY2014 data reported to PQRS to set the benchmarks for these measures in accordance with our benchmarking policy and then to include the data reported in CY2015 for QCDR-specific measures by individual EPs in the CY2017 Value-Based Modifier (VM) computations to the extent that these data are available from PQRS. PQRS does not require QCDRs to submit benchmark data. CMS will calculate the benchmarks.CMS will review data submitted via one or more methods to determine satisfactory reporting for Physician Quality Reporti... (more)CMS will review data submitted via one or more methods to determine satisfactory reporting for Physician Quality Reporting. If an eligible professional satisfies criteria for any period, the eligible professional will be incentive eligible. In the event an eligible professional satisfies 2011 reporting criteria for multiple methods or multiple periods, (s)he will earn one incentive payment equivalent to 1.0% of his or her Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) total estimated allowed charges for covered professional services to Medicare Part B beneficiaries for the most advantageous reporting method or period for which the professional qualifies. For eligible professionals reporting using the registry submission method, it is acceptable to use multiple registries within the same reporting year to submit Physician Quality Reporting data, even for the same measures. Data analysis will determine if satisfactory reporting was achieved for each method. However, eligible professionals cannot combine reporting options to reach the three measure requirement per registry. Submitting Physician Quality Reporting data to several registries may increase the eligible professional's chance of satisfactory reporting, in case one registry was not successful.Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs (FAQ2397) lessNo. Eligible professionals participating in the 2011 Physician Quality Reporting System (formerly called PQRI) should only report on measures that are applicable to their patients and practices. If there are less than three quality measures applicable to the services provided by the eligible professional and the eligible professional is participating via claims-based reporting, each measure must be reported for at least 50 percent of the cases in which the measure was reportable. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2241) lessNo. Eligible professionals must report the correct combination of quality-data codes (QDCs) and QDC modifiers as instructed in the detailed measure specifications for each Physician Quality Reporting measure. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2243) lessIf a patient has an allowable Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) Part B covered professional service, that meets the ... (more)If a patient has an allowable Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) Part B covered professional service, that meets the denominator criteria for the quality measure(s) being reported (either Physician Quality Reporting or eRx Incentive Program), then the physician should submit the appropriate quality-data code (CPT Category II and/or G-code) on the claim. If the codes the physician intends to use are not present in the denominator of the measure, they may not be used for reporting and will not be counted in analysis for incentive payment purposes. Please refer to posted detailed measure specifications to determine if the patient encounter code(s) being submitted meets the denominator criteria for the quality measure(s) being reported.Measure specifications for Physician Quality Reporting can be found in the Measures Codes section of the Physician Quality Reporting System website at http://www.cms.gov/pqrs.Measure specifications for the eRx Incentive Program can be found in the E-Prescribing Measure section of the eRx website at http://www.cms.gov/eRxIncentive. For more information on reporting eRx to avoid future payment adjustments, please see the Payment Adjustment Information section of the eRx website.Please refer to you Carrier or A/B Medicare Administrative Contractor (MAC) for more information regarding Medicare claims processing and the global surgical period.Please see the Physician Quality Reporting System Decision Tree in the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation... (more)Please see the Physician Quality Reporting System Decision Tree in the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide, available as a download on the Measures Codes page of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website. Registries must submit to CMS all required data that will include reporting and performance rates on measures or measures groups and numerator and denominators for the performance rates. Eligible professionals/registries should use the 8P reporting modifier judiciously for applicable measures they have selected to report. The 8P modifier may not be used indiscriminately in an attempt to meet satisfactory reporting criteria without regard toward meeting the practice's quality improvement goals. See the Alternative Reporting Mechanisms page of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting web site at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS. (FAQ2401) lessNo. Although any robust office-practice EHR has "registry functionality", this is not sufficient to qualify as a clinica... (more)No. Although any robust office-practice EHR has "registry functionality", this is not sufficient to qualify as a clinical data registry to submit to Physician Quality Reporting. The requirements for a registry to qualify to submit for the Physician Quality Reporting are listed in the Physician Quality Reporting System Registry Requirements for Submission document for the respective program year, which is posted and found as a Download on the Alternative Reporting Mechanisms page of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting web page.Eligible professionals and/or their office staff should work with their software and/or claims processing service ven... (more)Eligible professionals and/or their office staff should work with their software and/or claims processing service vendors to ensure that their systems are able to accept the QDCs. Some software vendors allow editing capabilities to ensure reporting on all eligible claims for Physician Quality Reporting measures or the eRx measure. The analyses that will determine the incentive-payment eligibility and amount will be done at an individual NPI level.Yes. Qualified registries must contain at least 3 individual measures found in the Physician Quality Reporting program t... (more)Yes. Qualified registries must contain at least 3 individual measures found in the Physician Quality Reporting program to submit data on behalf of the eligible professional. When reporting individual Physician Quality Reporting measures, make sure to use the correct measure specifications, found on the Measures Codes page of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website.When submitting data on behalf of the eligible professional and reporting by measures groups, the registry must include all measures within the selected measures group. Registries should judiciously use the 8P reporting modifier. The Measures Groups Specifications are different than the individual measure specifications, so please ensure the correct specifications for measures groups are referenced. (FAQ2405) lessPhysician Quality Reporting participants should ask their billing software/clearinghouse vendor whether all QDCs were reported on claims sent to Medicare Carrier/MAC. In addition, check the remittance advice (RA) notice sent by the Carrier/MAC to ensure receipt of the N365 remark code for each QDC submitted. Please make sure you are using the appropriate measure specification for the current program.The QualityNet Help Desk is available to assist participants with feedback report questions from 7:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@sdps.org. (FAQ2499) lessThe Medicare claims-processing system will reject claims improperly submitted to Medicare for non-Medicare patients. Eli... (more)The Medicare claims-processing system will reject claims improperly submitted to Medicare for non-Medicare patients. Eligible professionals should check with other entities to which they submit claims to clarify any impact on those claims. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs (FAQ2199) lessYes. Participating eligible professionals who bill under Medicare Part B for services provided at ASCs are included in P... (more)Yes. Participating eligible professionals who bill under Medicare Part B for services provided at ASCs are included in Physician Quality Reporting. Applicable measures should be reported. However, ASC facility charges with "Type of Service (TOS) = F" billed separately by the facility under the ASC fee schedule are not included in Physician Quality Reporting. A list of eligible professionals can be found as a Download on the Overview section of the CMS Physician website at:http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/01_Overview.asp.Faxing a prescription does not qualify as eRx. Prescriptions must be sent electronically via an eRx system that meets th... (more)Faxing a prescription does not qualify as eRx. Prescriptions must be sent electronically via an eRx system that meets the criteria for a qualified system. If the eRx is sent via a qualified eRx system, then it can be counted as an eRx, regardless of whether the pharmacy receives the prescription electronically or via fax. If the eligible professional's eRx system is only capable of sending a fax directly to the pharmacy, the eligible professional's system is not a qualified eRx system. See Medicare's Practical Guide to the E-Prescribing Incentive Program at http://www.cms.gov/partnerships/downloads/11399-P.pdf. (FAQ2535) lessProposed Physician Quality Reporting quality measures are published in the Federal Register as a part of the annual M... (more)Proposed Physician Quality Reporting quality measures are published in the Federal Register as a part of the annual Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) Proposed Rule. The measures are finalized in the annual PFS Final Rule, and posted to the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS. Physician Quality Reporting measures are endorsed or adopted by a national consensus organization, such as the National Quality Forum (NQF), and have been developed using a consensus-based process. See the Statute/Regulations/Program Instructions section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website.For Physician Quality Reporting participants who report satisfactorily, radiopharmaceuticals furnished as part of a cove... (more)For Physician Quality Reporting participants who report satisfactorily, radiopharmaceuticals furnished as part of a covered professional service will be included in the basis of total allowed charges on which the incentive is calculated. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrsIf you or any other eligible professionals are in this situation, you should work with your respective Carriers or A/B M... (more)If you or any other eligible professionals are in this situation, you should work with your respective Carriers or A/B Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs) to return incentive payments received erroneously. The Provider Call Center Toll-Free Numbers Directory is available as a download at http://www.cms.gov/MLNGenInfo/Please note that CMS will retract or withhold future payments if the incentive received in error is not returned by the eligible professional.The Physician Quality Reporting/eRx quality-data codes are HCPCS codes and reporting requirements for these codes follow current rules for reporting other HCPCS codes (e.g., CPT Category I codes). For additional information, see the CMS-1500 example in the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide on the Measures Codes section of the Physician Quality Reporting website. See the CMS-1500 claim example in the E-Prescribing Measures section for eRx. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs, http://www.cms.gov/ERxIncentive(FAQ2269) lessTherapy Functional Reporting are two distinct and separate programs that have no relation to one another and do not shar... (more)Therapy Functional Reporting are two distinct and separate programs that have no relation to one another and do not share any G-codes across the respective programs. Successful PQRS reporting is based solely on the PQRS measure specifications, instructions contained within and the quality data codes (e.g., CPT II and/or G-codes) required by the measures.Questions specific to the Therapy Functional Reporting program would best be directed to the Medicare contractor who pays your claims as this is the best source of answers to specific Medicare questions. Medicare Contractors (Carriers, Intermediaries, and A/B Medicare Administrative Contractors [MACs]) interpret Medicare laws, develop local policies, and educate providers. To find local coverage policy and other general instructions, contact your Medicare Contractor using the Provider Call Center Toll-Free Numbers Directory which includes phone numbers and website addresses.If you are have difficulty communicating with your contractor, use the CMS Regional Offices' web page to identify the CMS Regional Office servicing your area of operations and utilize either the toll-free number or mailing address for assistance.If you or any other eligible professionals are in this situation, you should work with your respective Carriers or Medic... (more)If you or any other eligible professionals are in this situation, you should work with your respective Carriers or Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs) to return incentive payments received erroneously. The Provider Call Center Toll-Free Numbers Directory is available as a download at http://www.cms.gov/MLNGenInfo/.Please note that CMS will retract or withhold future payments if the incentive received in error is not returned by the eligible professional.No. The only modifier(s) that are appropriate to use with Physician Quality Reporting CPT Category II code(s) are the CP... (more)No. The only modifier(s) that are appropriate to use with Physician Quality Reporting CPT Category II code(s) are the CPT II modifiers (i.e., 1P, 2P, 3P, or 8P). If any other modifier (CPT I or HCPCS Level II modifier, e.g., 25, 50, LT, TC) is placed on the Physician Quality Reporting code line item, the claim may be returned or denied for an invalid procedure/modifier combination. Since the rest of the claim may be fully processed to final action, and claims may not be resubmitted to add QDCs, use of an inappropriate modifier may adversely affect a professional's reporting rate. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2251) lessThe document Registry Requirements for Submission of Physician Quality Reporting System Data on Behalf of Eligible Profe... (more)The document Registry Requirements for Submission of Physician Quality Reporting System Data on Behalf of Eligible Professionals describes the high-level requirements for a registry to qualify to submit under the registry-based reporting alternatives for the respective program year. This document, found on the Alternative Reporting Mechanisms section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website, also describes how a registry must self-nominate to qualify to submit on behalf of its participants, including deadlines.The measure owner, National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), stated, "From NCQA's perspective, we are recommending to err on the side of caution by not promoting dangerous drug combination therapy, and therefore, we recommend to not allow Coumadin as acceptable for measure 204." Should you have additional questions, please contact the NCQA directly.No. CPT Category II codes have only four unique modifiers that may be appended to them for Physician Quality Reportin... (more)No. CPT Category II codes have only four unique modifiers that may be appended to them for Physician Quality Reporting: 1P, 2P, 3P, and 8P. See the Physician Quality Reporting System Implementation Guide, available as a download from the Measures Codes section of the CMS Physician Quality Reporting website. at http://www.cms.gov/PQRS/15_MeasuresCodes.aspFor questions about accessing feedback reports, please review the Physician Quality Reporting System Feedback Report User Guide first. You may also contact the QualityNet Help Desk directly at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@sdps.org.Participation is defined as eligible professionals submitting at least one valid quality-data code (QDC) or quality action data. Valid submission is where a QDC or quality action data is submitted and all measure-eligibility criteria is met (i.e., correct age, gender, diagnosis, and CPT).You may not have a report because of unsuccessful submission of valid QDCs. Please review your records of the codes you submitted for Physician Quality Reporting, including the remittance advice (RA) you received for QDC line items. (FAQ2497) lessIn 2011 Physician Quality Reporting began to collect quality data only on Medicare Part B Fee-For-Service beneficia... (more)In 2011 Physician Quality Reporting began to collect quality data only on Medicare Part B Fee-For-Service beneficiaries. The incentive payment calculation will be based only on the Medicare Part B covered professional services that are delineated in the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) and furnished to Medicare beneficiaries during the reporting period. (FAQ2175) lessThe Physician Quality Reporting MAV process is described in the document titled 2011 Measure-Applicability Validation Process for Claims-Based Participation for the program year, which is available for download from the Analysis and Payment page of the Physician Quality Reporting section of the CMS web site. If a professional submits QDCs on at least 50% of their patients for three or more individual Physician Quality Reporting measures during the reporting period, that professional's claims will not be subject to MAV. However, please note that other Medicare program integrity statutes and regulations may apply to Physician Quality Reporting. (FAQ2371) lessUnder section 1848(m)(7)(C)(i) of the Social Security Act, a “Maintenance and Certification Program” shall include and r... (more)Under section 1848(m)(7)(C)(i) of the Social Security Act, a “Maintenance and Certification Program” shall include and require a physician to do the following (referred to below as Parts I-IV),: I. Maintain a valid, unrestricted medical license in the United States; II. Participate in educational and self-assessment programs that require an assessment of what was learned; III. Demonstrate through a formalized, secure examination, that the physician has the fundamental diagnostic skills, medical knowledge and clinical judgment to provide quality care in their respective specialty; and IV. Successfully complete a qualified Maintenance of Certification program practice assessment.CMS has applied the “more frequent” participation requirement to Parts II-IV of the Maintenance of Certification Program definition above. The “more frequent” requirement does not apply to Part I of the Maintenance of Certification Program definition since a physician cannot become licensed “more frequently” than required.A Maintenance of Certification Program vendor/registry/entity, however, has the discretion to determine what a physician must do to "more frequently" participate in each of parts II-IV above. CMS is looking to see an attestation from the vendor/registry/entity that both the Maintenance of Certification program and the practice assessment are completed by the physician at least once more than is required by their particular program. For additional information, please see the Maintenance of Certification Program Incentive Guidance at http://www.cms.gov/PQRI/23_Maintenance_of_Certification_Program_Incentive.asp.Yes. Participating eligible professionals should transmit prescriptions electronically using a qualified eRx system and ... (more)Yes. Participating eligible professionals should transmit prescriptions electronically using a qualified eRx system and report this action on claims using the appropriate G-code per the measure specification. If the pharmacy network converts an eRx into a fax because the pharmacy cannot receive eRx transmittals, this still counts as eRx. If the eRx system is only capable of sending a fax directly from the eRx system to the pharmacy, the system is not a qualified eRx system. Eligible professionals located in rural areas and who use local pharmacies should make sure the eRx system they choose is capable of two-way transmission of prescription data. (FAQ2533) lessContact the QualityNet Help Desk at 866-288-8912 or qnetsupport@sdps.org (Monday-Friday 7:00 a.m.-7:00 p.m. CST) for report availability or accessibility issues. Please do not contact your Carrier/MAC to obtain TIN-level feedback reports. Carriers/MACS can only take requests for individual NPI-level feedback reports. (FAQ2495) lessMeasure developer contact information is located in the Physician Quality Reporting Measures List (http://www.cms.gov/PQRS) for the respective program year you are reporting. See the symbol located in the upper left hand corner of the measure specification identifying the measure developer. Questions or comments regarding the specifications of a particular measure should be directed to that measure's developer.Claims submitted to Medicare for primary or secondary payment that include reportable instances of measures or measures ... (more)Claims submitted to Medicare for primary or secondary payment that include reportable instances of measures or measures groups a professional is submitting MUST include the QDCs (CPT II or G-codes), since all of these claims will be included in the Physician Quality Reporting/eRx analysis. Because many primary payers may be unable to properly process QDCs, the QDCs should be applied to the claim after the primary payer has processed it and prior to its submission to Medicare for secondary payment. (Although Medicare routinely passes processed claims to other payers for secondary payment, other primary payers do not pass processed claims automatically to Medicare.) Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrs(FAQ2239) lessCMS uses only final-action claims in the analysis of Physician Quality Reporting satisfactory reporting and payment. However, because claims processing times may vary by time of the year and Medicare Carrier/MAC, CMS will use an actuarially determined completion factor in the calculation of incentive payment amounts to compensate for the claims submitted to the Carrier/MAC but not fully processed (not final-action) as of the last Friday in February of the following year. Nevertheless, participating physicians and other eligible professionals still should submit claims from the end of the year as promptly as possible. (FAQ2137) lessIf specified within the measure, CMS will utilize the performance rate that indicates an overall percentage of performan... (more)If specified within the measure, CMS will utilize the performance rate that indicates an overall percentage of performance for the measure to determine if the eligible professional (EP) or group practice did not have a zero percent (0%) performance rate for the measure. For measures that do not specify an overall rate, CMS will calculate an overall performance rate for the measure based on the data submitted.If a zero (0) percent performance rate exists within the overall percentage of the measure, the EP or group practice will fail the measure. For measures where a lower rate indicates better performance, a 0% overall performance rate will be counted as satisfactorily reporting but a 100% overall performance rate will fail the measure.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.Once the Physician Quality Reporting System intent-to-report G-code specific to a measures group has been submitted on a... (more)Once the Physician Quality Reporting System intent-to-report G-code specific to a measures group has been submitted on a claim, CMS will review data submitted to determine satisfactory reporting and eligibility. Submitting an intent-to-report G-code specific to each measures group tells CMS to assess the eligible professional's participation under both measures-group sample methods. The intent-to-report G-code specific to the measures group the eligible professional has chosen to report needs to be submitted during the reporting period selected. If the eligible professional achieves satisfactory reporting under at least one of those methods, he or she will be eligible to earn an incentive.No, the informal review decision will be final, and there will be no further review or appeal. Eligible professi... (more)No, the informal review decision will be final, and there will be no further review or appeal.Eligible professionals can contact the QualityNet Help Desk for additional assistance at 1-866-288-8912(TTY 1-877-715-6222) from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday, or via e-mail to Qnetsupport@sdps.org. To avoid security violations, do not include personal identifying information, such as Social Security Number or Tax Identification Number (TIN), in e-mail inquiries to the QualityNet Help Desk. (FAQ3811) lessWhether or not an eligible professional (EP) is deemed Medicare participating or non-participating (non-par), the PQRS p... (more)Whether or not an eligible professional (EP) is deemed Medicare participating or non-participating (non-par), the PQRS payment adjustment will be applied to the allowed Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (MPFS) rate before the beneficiary co-insurance is assessed and independent of other claim adjustmentsIf the EP does not participate (non-par) in Medicare (i.e., does not accept Medicare's allowed charges as payment in full for all of his/her Medicare patients), and is subject to a payment adjustment due to his/her failure to meet the reporting criteria established under the PQRS during the 2013 program period, the negative 1.5% 2015 PQRS payment adjustment will be applied after the initial 5% reduction of the allowed MPFS for being a non-participating Medicare provider.EPs, who choose not to accept assignment, may not charge the beneficiary more than the Medicare limiting charge for unassigned claims for Medicare services. Non-par, non-assigned EPs may choose to collect the entire amount up front from the beneficiary at the time of service. The maximum limiting charge is 115% of the MPFS amount. The beneficiary is not responsible for billed amounts in excess of the limiting charge for a covered service.Example 1: Non-par EP is not subject to the PQRS payment adjustmentIn calendar year 2015, a non-par, non-assigned EP provides a particular service equal to $100.00 based on the 2015 MPFS. First, the 5% reduction is applied for being a non-par. The adjusted MPFS for this service is $95.00. If the non-par EP is not subject to the PQRS payment adjustment, the adjusted and allowed MPFS amount would remain at $95.00. Following are steps for illustration:STEP 1: Apply Non-par adjustment (less 5%)Original amount for service based on 2015 MPFS: $100.00Calculate the 5% reduction for non-par status: $100.00 x 0.5 = $5.00Reduce the non-par MPFS allowed amount: $100.00 - $5.00 = $95.00The adjusted non-par MPFS amount ($95.00) would then be used to calculate the non-par limiting charge (up to 115%) for that service. For this example, the maximum non-par limiting charge allowed for the service would be $109.25 as illustrated by the following:STEP 2: Calculate the limiting charge allowed (up to the 115%)Limiting Charge Allowed: $95.00 x 1.15 = $109.25Example 2: Non-par EP is subject to the PQRS payment adjustmentIn calendar year 2015, a non-par, non-assigned EP is subject to the PQRS payment adjustment. He/she provides a particular service equal to $100.00 based on the 2015 MPFS. First, the MPFS amount for that particular service is reduced by 5% for being non-par and the resultant adjusted MPFS for this service is now $95.00. Next, the fee is reduced by 1.5% for the PQRS payment adjustment. The following illustrates these steps:The negative 1.5% PQRS adjustment will be applied to the adjusted MPFS amount ($95.00). Thus, $93.57 would be the new non-par adjusted MPFS amount for the initial $100.00 service.STEP 3: Calculate PQRS Limiting Charge (up to 115% of MPFS)Limiting Charge Allowed (115%): $93.57 x 1.15 = $107.61The non-par adjusted MPFS amount ($93.57) would be used when calculating the PQRS limiting charge; which, for this example would be $107.61 for the service.These examples are for informational purposes only and are not intended to take the place of the Remittance Advice.Additional information is available in the Medicare Learning Network (MLN) Fact Sheet 8667. If you have any specific questions about how to code a claim for the PQRS payment adjustment, please contact your Medicare Administrative Contractor (MAC) at their toll-free number, which may be found on the CMS Contractor Directory website.See the 2015 MPFS for a list of reduced limiting charges for those non-par EPs who are subject to the 2015 PQRS payment adjustment.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions. The Help Desk is available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. central time Monday through Friday.Yes. While the claim as a whole must include at least one payable service in order to be included in Physician Quality R... (more)Yes. While the claim as a whole must include at least one payable service in order to be included in Physician Quality Reporting analyses, the quality-data code (QDC) line item is not payable and will be denied with a remark code N365. The RA associated with the claim containing the Physician Quality Reporting QDC line item will have a standard Remark Code message: "This procedure code is not payable. It is for reporting/information purposes only." The N365 remark code will confirm for the provider that the QDC was transferred to the CMS National Claims History file for use in Physician Quality Reporting analysis. This Remark Code does not confirm whether or not the QDCs were accurately submitted. Reference: http://www.cms.gov/pqrsThe medical exclusion for bilateral amputees was removed from the 2015 PQRS Measure #163 Diabetes: Foot Exam measure because neuropathy continues to progress even after amputation. Therefore, performing an exam (on the remaining body part of the foot or limb – the residual limb or stump) that includes visual inspection, sensory exam with monofilament and pulse exam is important for all diabetic patients.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have questions regarding this topic.Yes, Measure #333 is an inverse measure For 2014, eligible professionals (EPs) and Qualified Registries/Quality Certified Data Registries (QCDRs) need to submit the measure as indicated by the measure specification. For 2014, if an EP is found to be negatively impacted by this scenario, the EP may submit an Informal Review. For 2015, EPs and QCDRs should submit the measure as indicated by the individual measure or Sinusitis Measures Group specifications. The 2015 PQRS system will evaluate Measure #333 with the understanding that it has an inverse analytic. Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic. (FAQ11938) lessFor the purposes of reporting this measure, a direct LDL may be used to determine if the measure’s numerator was met. Th... (more)For the purposes of reporting this measure, a direct LDL may be used to determine if the measure’s numerator was met. The numerator of the measure indicates that a calculated LDL is required, but in the instance that the calculated LDL is not reliable, then the direct LDL is acceptable. Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have questions regarding this topic. (FAQ11822) lessThe XML specification includes a <measure-strata-num> field where the number of performance rates required for the... (more)The XML specification includes a <measure-strata-num> field where the number of performance rates required for the measure should be submitted. All measures should have a numeral ‘1’ in the <measure-strata-num> field except those that require multiple performance rates to be submitted.Measures that have multiple reporting criteria should be submitted with a numeral ‘1’ in the <measure-strata-num> field since the multiple reporting criteria are aggregated to one reporting rate and one performance rate. This is the same as in previous years where PQRS included measures with multiple reporting criteria.The transition to ICD-10 is mandatory for eligible professionals (EPs) and group practices. The PQRS Measures have be... (more)The transition to ICD-10 is mandatory for eligible professionals (EPs) and group practices. The PQRS Measures have been updated to reflect the applicable ICD-10 codes when required to determine the denominator of the measure being reported.In order to satisfactorily report for PQRS, eligible professionals should utilize ICD-9 codes prior to October 1, 2015 and then transition to the ICD-10 codes after October 1, 2015. Please refer to the appropriate measures specification to ensure accuracy of the coding being used. CMS recommends eligible professionals and group practices prepare and test processes and procedures for reporting/submitting measures now in order to successfully implement ICD-10 and satisfactorily report for 2015 PQRS.For instance, if reporting 2015 PQRS Measure #1 (NQF 0059): Diabetes: Hemoglobin A1c Poor Control, eligible professionals or groups should use ICD-9 codes through September 30, 2015; but, on October 1, 2015, and thereafter eligible professional should use ICD-10 codes, and any other measure defined denominator coding, for reporting/submission of denominator eligible patients and the corresponding numerator quality actions in the measure.Visit the following link for more information about ICD http://www.cms.gov/Medicare/Coding/ICD10/index.htmlPlease contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.Yes, this measure may be reported by non-MD/DO clinicians who perform the quality actions described in the measure based... (more)Yes, this measure may be reported by non-MD/DO clinicians who perform the quality actions described in the measure based on the services provided and the measure-specific denominator coding via the registry reporting mechanism.The numerator of the measure explains the clinician performing the quality action should conduct a foot examination documenting the vascular, neurological, dermatological, and structural/biomechanical findings. The foot should be measured using a standard measuring device, and counseling on appropriate footwear should be based on risk categorization. Clinicians reporting this measure should be working within their scope of practice and be able to perform the quality action required.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have questions regarding this topic.Yes, patients with bilateral foot amputations are eligible for PQRS Measure #163 reporting and should receive all three ... (more)Yes, patients with bilateral foot amputations are eligible for PQRS Measure #163 reporting and should receive all three parts of the foot exam on the remaining body parts of the foot (or feet) or limb(s) – the residual limb or stump. This includes the three-part exam for visual, sensory with monofilament, and pulse findings. All three of these parts of the exam should be clearly documented in the medical record for each remaining body part of the foot exam or limb(s).Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org for help with questions from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CST Monday through Friday.PQRS uses the National Provider Identifier (NPI) registered under a Tax Identifier Number (TIN) for analysis. Service... (more)PQRS uses the National Provider Identifier (NPI) registered under a Tax Identifier Number (TIN) for analysis. Services provided by institutional providers, such as SNFs under Medicare Part B, hospitals, home health agencies, comprehensive outpatient rehabilitation facilities (CORF), or outpatient rehabilitation facilities, are typically billed via Form CMS-1450, also known as the UB-04, or the electronic equivalent, which does not provide a field to enter the NPI. Therefore, services rendered under Medicare Part A or submitted via Form CMS-1450, UB-04, through the Fiscal Intermediary (FI) cannot be analyzed for PQRS if the NPI is not included.Medicare Part B Physician Fee Schedule (PFS) services can be analyzed for PQRS if they are billed by the following methods:However, there may be instances where EPs who participate under the aforementioned institutions will render services under Medicare Part B PFS via the CMS-1500 claim form (paper or electronic) for denominator-eligible events, which will be eligible and able to participate in PQRS. For example, an EP who practices through a CORF may be able to participate in PQRS if (s)he bills for denominator-eligible services furnished incident to a physician’s service via the CMS-1500 claim form.If you need assistance determining whether or not your provided services are included in PQRS measures, contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 (TTY 1-877-715-6222) or via qnetsupport@hcqis.org. The QualityNet Help Desk is available from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. CT Monday through Friday.The PQRS, MU, and VM, payment adjustments will apply to all eligible professional’s (EP’s) Part B covered professional s... (more)The PQRS, MU, and VM, payment adjustments will apply to all eligible professional’s (EP’s) Part B covered professional services. Covered professional services are defined as services furnished by an EP for which payment is made under, or is based on, the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule (MPFS) as provided in section 1848(k)(3) of the Act. Because the payment adjustment only applies to Part B MPFS claims and Part B drugs are not paid on the MPFS, the actual drug is not subjected to the payment adjustment. However, the administration of drugs by an EP is subject to the payment adjustment. For example, J2778 (Lucentis) would not be subjected to the payment adjustment but 67028 (intravitreal injection), would be subjected to the payment adjustment. (FAQ11892) lessThe intent of the surgeon-specific, risk-adjusted odds ratio information in the 2015 (and 2014) PQRS General Surgery ... (more)The intent of the surgeon-specific, risk-adjusted odds ratio information in the 2015 (and 2014) PQRS General Surgery Measures Group Overview is to serve as a reference for a qualified registry if they wanted to provide their clients with this comparison to other eligible professionals (EPs).The surgeon-specific, risk-adjusted odds ratio is not required to be submitted to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid services (CMS) to satisfactorily report the measures group. CMS does require an overall PQRS reporting and performance rate to be submitted by the Qualified Registry. Additionally, each of the measures within the measures group should still have a calculated individual performance rate.For purposes of reporting for 2015 PQRS, the only required data to be reported to CMS from Qualified Registries are the following five measures within the 2014 PQRS General Surgery Measures Group as indicated by the PQRS 2015 Registry XML Specifications and Error Messages document:If reporting through a Qualified Clinical Data Registry (QCDR), eligible professionals (EPs) and group practices should communicate directly with the QCDR regarding required data elements and other instructions related to this calculation.Please contact the QualityNet Help Desk at 1-866-288-8912 or via e-mail at qnetsupport@hcqis.org should you have additional questions regarding this topic.