The CityA Club with "Breakfast" in the Name HAS to be AWESOME!If there’s anything I’ve learned since beginning to write about missions at TrueNorth Church, it’s that our teams are led by some really fun, super awesome people. When I contacted Linda McDonald about the Breakfast Club that takes place in Gentry’s Mobile Home Park, I saw right away that she has an addictive personality that I know the kids who attend totally enjoy. Linda has been involved at Gentry’s for several years, and she may give you a reason below to join in on the fun!Okay, first of all, going to something called “breakfast club” sounds totally fun! When and where does this happen and what goes on there?We hang out every Saturday 10:30 am-12:30 pm at La Casa de Esperanza in Gentry’s Mobile Home Park. The activities are varied. Sometimes we make cookies, take field trips, crafts, do science activities, watch movies, we have messy game days, water fights, and once we walked around giving flowers to women in the neighborhood. :-)I remember seeing you at a friend’s wedding. This person was a regular volunteer at La Casa de Esperanza, and there were several residents on hand for her big day as well! Is this a testament to the the friendships made there?Absolutely. The activities at La Casa de Esperanza have been happening for over four years. Whether ESL classes, Breakfast Club.. whatever..we’ve not thought of it as just an “outreach”. We’ve met wonderful people and developed friendships and shown respect. Building trust has been a slow process, but it has grown deep and is mutual. We are invited to birthday parties and holiday celebrations, and we invite them to special events in our lives because we’ve become friends. I’ve been given much more than I could ever give back.What are some of the different opportunities for volunteers there?We could always use volunteers. Special skills are not required, but I welcome new ideas, too! Anyone who does have an idea he/she is excited about and wants to make happen, we’d love to hear from you. Anyone who just wants to hang out with children, that is needed. When doing things like crafts, individual help is always needed. Spanish speaking individuals are welcome but at not a requirement. The children are completely bilingual.Seriously, if you love children, having fun, and want to lose your heart, La Casa de Esperanza, whether Breakfast Club, ESL, and whatever else is going on, this is a place where it will happen.Is there anything coming up you’re really excited about?We have a zoo trip with picnic scheduled tentatively for March. Moms and dads are planning to go with us and everyone is looking forward to it. We have lots of ideas—and things the children want to do as well—but some of these need extra hands to make them happen. I can keep you posted.How can people get more information on getting involved?Anyone can call or text me 803-640-6076 or email ldyoumans@gmail.com. I’m also very sincere in saying anyone is welcome to just “show up”. Children are welcome too!And that’s at the heart of the Breakfast Club: anyone is welcome. This isn’t just something for the children of Gentry’s, but other families from TrueNorth can come, as well.Interact using your Facebook account:Login with FacebookThere are no posts yetTrueNorthThe City is Everything TrueNorth. Every Day. Take some time to connect with the groups you’re already a part of, or continue the conversation you started with someone you met Sunday. The City lets you keep up with what’s going on at TrueNorth and track your own growth. Don’t miss out on all the great features!