CAMPAIGN FUNDEDNGYT believe that all young people deserve the chance to express themselves and perform, we pride ourselves on providing young people with as many opportunities to do this as possible, in a fun, highly ambitious, creative and supportive learning environment. It is our mission to make Luton a place that is known for Artistic excellence for years to come. Our main aim is to collaborate with our young people to create original works of theatre and to share them with both our community and National audiences. We are as passionate and committed to being at the forefront of the arts as the young people we work for .We are currently in the process of raising the funds to take our Youth Theatre Company to Brighton Fringe Festival to perform an Original Piece 'The Butterfly Catcher'.A captivating piece of theatre which enlightens the audience about the pressures of education on young people today. This play with music is a high school love story capturing the feelings and thoughts of young people during their final months at school.We want people across the country to know that Luton isn't the place it's made out to be in the media. Having the opportunity to go to The Brighton Fringe Festival will enable us to prove that Luton is a creative hub and place to celebrate.Thank you for your supportThanks for looking at our ZEQUS campaign and checking out what we're trying to achieve. ZEQUS is completely free, so you know all the money you pledge will go straight to this campaign. By offering rewards, we are able to raise more money, if you have some ideas on what else we should offer, please leave us some feedback.Your Pledge is completely securePledging through ZEQUS is incredibly easy and totally secure. Your details are safe with ZEQUS as they will never share them with anyone. If you are pledging to a charity, ZEQUS processes all the Gift Aid on behalf of the charity, for free. Please support in any way you can, even a facebook share or tweet will help immensely. If you are able to pledge, that is incredibly kind and your support is hugely appreciated!