To listen to an audio podcast, mouse over the title and click Play. Open iTunes to download and subscribe to podcasts.DescriptionTop Traders Unplugged is created for you, the investor, trader or research analyst. If you are looking to take your manager due diligence or investment career to the next level, Niels Kaastrup-Larsen delivers the information you just don’t want to miss. Just like the Market Wizard books brought some of the greatest traders to light, Top Traders Unplugged brings to you each week a current successful hedge fund manager or commodity trading adviser who shares their experiences, their successes, and their failures. Hear their views on investing, portfolio construction, risk management, research, how to handle the emotional roller coaster and what it takes to become successful and a market wizard. The principals of Dunn Capital, Aspect Capital, Campbell & Company, Sunrise Capital Partners, Brandywine Asset Management, Chesapeake Capital, Estlander & Partners, Amplitude Capital and many other Barclay Top 50 managers are just some of the names we bring to you. Each episode ends with unexpected questions and advice that will help you take the next leap in your journey."You need to protect your emotional capital as well. As a general rule you don’t want to be in a position when your emotions are clouding your judgement." - Mike Coleman (Tweet) In the second part of our conversation with Mike Coleman,"Commodities have this romance and physicality that is sort of missing in bonds and equities on pieces of paper." - Mike Coleman (Tweet) Our next guest lives in Singapore, where he founded a firm that trades in the commodity markets. In this episode,"It’s 70 percent losing trades, a bit like a trend follower." - Barnaby Cardwell (Tweet) In the second part of our conversation with Barnaby Cardwell, we dive into the details of his program, how he built his company,"I never really wanted to be a manager - the idea that you could compete against everybody else and make money was just brilliant." - Barnaby Cardwell (Tweet) Our next guest is a fund manager in the short-term space,"When disappointment rises drastically and excitement rises drastically, that’s what we call a volatile time." - Mahendra Sharma (Tweet) In this second episode with Mahendra, he dives into his predictions for 2015 and the next few years,"The financial markets are all connected with cycles of time and history." - Mahendra Sharma (Tweet) Welcome to an episode of Top Trader's Unplugged unlike any other. We take a break from interviews with hedge fund managers and invite you into the fas..."Our asymmetry managed account was made for a very specific type of person. Most of them have the entirety of their portfolio with our firm." - Mike Shell (Tweet) In the second part of our talk with Mike Shell,"It’s not about trying to make all the trades a winner - it's about having the average win be much greater than the average loss - and that is asymmetry." - Mike Shell (Tweet) Most trend following firms have clients that invest somewhere between 2 and.Intervention in The Markets: The Effect on Trend Following | Marc Malek, Conquest Capital Group | #70"Investors confuse trend following strategies with long volatility strategies, which is really not the case." - Marc Malek (Tweet) In this year-end review, Marc Malek explains why intervention in the markets affects trend following,"The conversations got easier over the latter half of the year, but in no sense are we saying 'see I told you.'" - Martin Lueck (Tweet) This year in review covers how Aspect Capital came out of 2014 with their best year ever as a company,"We learn all the time. I’ve continued to learn over the last few decades. You learn it’s never time to do a touchdown dance." - Mike Dever (Tweet) On our next year-in-review, Mike Dever talks about how 2014 evolved for his firm and what they learned"This is a long term permanent component in a portfolio that ought not to be considered as a timing device for extracting some additional alpha." - Aref Karim (Tweet) Aref Karim has been on the institutional investing side and the fund manager side fo..."A seasoned trader feels happy the moment he enters into a good trade, even if that trade ends up with losses." - Luc van Hof (Tweet) In this year-end review, Luc van Hof discusses what he learned from 2014 and how his firm innovated to create better ..."It’s important to understand and to have this risk management baked in the cake before these things happen." - Jerry Parker (Tweet) Jerry Parker takes us inside 2014 for his firm, and how his models reacted to the Swiss Franc move in January of 2015."2014 may be viewed as the year of the machines, or the start of this phase of machines." - Dave Sanderson (Tweet) In this year-end-review, we take a look at how 2014 might be seen many years into the future."Volatility remained very low, so for models that are trying to be more selective and to provide alpha I would say it wasn’t a good year." - Nigol Koulajian (Tweet) In this year-end-review, we discuss the year for CTAs and short term traders,"If I was proud of something, it’s that we lost very little during the bad periods." - Scot Billington (Tweet) In this Year End Review, we discuss the major events and unexpected market trends in 2014 as well as the major Swiss Franc move at the start.."Last year was quite unprecedented from the standpoint of volatility in different markets." - Peter Kambolin (Tweet) Peter Kambolin comes from the short term CTA space, and thus has a different perspective than some of our previous guests for our Year..."I do believe that many institutional investors out there have started looking at hedge funds with a more positive view on the space as a whole." - Anders Lindell (Tweet) How do clients understand a trading strategy so that they stick by the firm in h..."It has been more important for us in 2014 to not lose money in certain markets than actually trying to perfectly capture new opportunities." - Bastian Bolesta (Tweet) Bastian Bolesta reviews 2014 and details the ups and downs of the year for his firm..."The CTA community, as an asset class, is one of those that you might not want to bet on, but it would be wrong to bet against." - Chris Cruden (Tweet) Our next Year-in-Review conversation comes from a manager who considers 2014 to have been a disappo..."It was a year, I can tell you in all honesty, that tested your resolve." - Tim Pickering (Tweet) Our next year-in-review is from a recent guest who discusses the roller coaster feel to 2014, and why it was a good year for the CTA industry."I think that diversification is king, and timing things is very difficult." - Karsten Schroeder (Tweet) In this 2014 year-in-review, Karsten Shroeder looks at the CTA industry and give some advice on how to look at 2014 with a rational and objective ..."The best sectors for us for the year were certainly energies and equities." - Jason Gerlach (Tweet) For January 2015, we will be revisiting with previous guests on the show to find out how their businesses grew and changed in 2014,What it Takes to Be an Entrepreneur | Tim Pickering, Auspice Capital Advisors | #54"Investing is a challenge. But the bigger challenge is running a business and managing people and relationships." - Tim Pickering (Tweet) In the second part of our talk with Tim Pickering, we dive into the details of his firm and the challenges that h..."Investment returns don’t come in straight lines, they don’t come in nice weekly, monthly or yearly blocks." - Tim Pickering (Tweet) What is the difference between simply following a trend and capturing it?"The dirty and hard work is how do you survive those consolidations and the difficult periods." - Rob Hartman (Tweet) Rob Hartman knows that showing up is half the battle when it comes to work in any industry."Staying organized is not so hard - the really tough stuff is figuring out how to make money for people." - Rob Hartman (Tweet) In starting any business, you run into unexpected roadblocks and challenges, and you learn something from each mistake."The best way to manage risk is to spend less money." - Dave Sanderson (Tweet) Welcome to Part 2 of our conversation with Dave Sanderson. In this episode we explore his trading program in detail, from the markets the firm trades to how they describe t..."We set out to solve an enormous technology question. The technology risk on day one was very high. To some extent, it wasn’t very rational..." - Dave Sanderson (Tweet) KFL Capital Management is setting out to do something every financial team on eart.How to Understand a New Manager’s Track Record | Bastian Bolesta, Deep Field Capital | #48"The majority of investors just don’t take the time or don’t have the time to develop an understanding of just how we perform in different markets." - Bastian Bolesta (Tweet) In the second part of our interview with Bastian,"With hindsight, I would probably argue that we were naive." - Bastian Bolesta (Tweet) The story of Deep Field Capital's Founder and CEO is an interesting one. Bastian Bolesta met his future partners whilst spending a semester abroad in China before r..."The markets provide a certain level of novelty and demand a certain level of attention and creativity that very few jobs do." - Roy Niederhoffer (Tweet) In our continued conversation with Roy Niederhoffer, we discuss risk management, drawdowns,"We are as humans essentially products of our hardware - that is an insight that I’ve taken with me into the trading side." - Roy Niederhoffer (Tweet) Roy Niederhoffer has a fascinating live story that starts with Harvard and neuroscience and continue.."Investing in some ways is unbelievably complex, and in other ways it's literally as easy as buy low and sell high." - Mark Whitmore (Tweet) In the second part of our conversation with the founder of Whitmore Capital Management,"I thought early on that having a fund would be really satisfying and exciting on a variety of levels." - Mark Whitmore (Tweet) Our next guest started his firm back in 2012, and we're talking to him at a special moment in the company's evolution as it..."Benchmarks in our industry are like taking a fruit salad and comparing it to an apple." - Kathryn Kaminski (Tweet) Welcome to Part 2 of our conversation with researcher and co-author of one of the definitive books on trend following."I wasn’t as interested in finance originally, just because I didn’t understand how important finance was for the world." - Kathryn Kaminski (Tweet) Our next guest is different than any guest we've had before,What To Do If You Are Making Too Much Money! | Mike Harris, Campbell & Company | #40"If a model makes more money than you expected to in a short period, that is just as much reason for you to put up the hood and take a look at the engine as when you lose money." - Mike Harris (Tweet) Welcome to Part 2 of our conversation with Managed...President of Famous Managed Futures Firm Tells All | Mike Harris, Campbell & Company | #39"At the end of the day it’s about being correlated to the industry, but also being different so that we can justify our role in peoples' portfolios." - Mike Harris (Tweet) This episode goes in-depth into the history of one of the most well-known managThe Real Secret Behind Trend Following and How It Works | Martin Lueck, Aspect Capital | #38"If you read the Financial Times and follow roughly what is going on in the markets, then you will have a good sense of the trades that we hold." - Martin Lueck (Tweet) In the second part of our conversation with AHL founder and Aspect Capital Director,"It felt a little bit like revenge of the nerds, it wasn’t something that physicists or scientists thought about doing in those days." - Martin Lueck (Tweet) In this episode, we get an exciting behind-the-scenes story of one of the most famous systema.."Markets exist to teach humility - and they are really really good at that." - Chris Cruden (Tweet) In Part 2 of our conversation with the CEO of Insch Capital Management, we talk about how the firm's trading models work and how they were built."I don’t know if we’re a hedge fund, I don’t know if we’re a CTA - but as a currency trader we’ve always been the red-headed step child of both industries." - Chris Cruden (Tweet) Our next guest was a British Army Officer and moved to South Afri"I don’t want to trade much more money - I want to show that a mostly automated system can make money over the years in a pretty regularly recurring fashion." - Luc Van Hof (Tweet) In the second part of our interview with hedge fund founder Luc Van Hof"We are more of a research company than a pure trading firm - trading is more a byproduct of what we do in terms of the research." - Luc Van Hof (Tweet) Our next guest worked for the European Commission before starting his own firm.“One of the Most Misunderstood Stats That You Can Use…” | Marc Malek, Conquest Capital Group | #32"If you can’t explain it in English to a reasonably intelligent person why it really works, then we don’t want it." - Marc Malek (Tweet) In the second part of our conversation with Marc Malek, we explore the strategies that he uses to build his models"People are fond of saying: 'we are 100% systematic.' And when you say you're 100% of anything, it tends to make people nervous." - Marc Malek (Tweet) This guest had a different path that eventually led to owning a hedgefund in New York."We are not a firm that is constantly tweaking models, trying to calibrate." - Aref Karim (Tweet) Welcome back to the second part of our discussion with Aref Karim. In this episode, Aref discusses his firm's strategies and the broader philosophies tha..."Simplicity and robustness, some of the basic things that were fundamental to our philosophy at QCM because I believed in them, still prevail today." - Aref Karim (Tweet) How do you transition from working alongside the capital management industry to ..."You are not going to make money because of a formula; you use formulas, but that is not why you make money." - Scott Foster (Tweet) Welcome back to the second part of our interview with Scott Foster, President and Founder of Dominion Capital Manageme..."You can even argue that in the markets - reality doesn't matter. Because when reality catches up, it will change perception." - Scott Foster (Tweet) Our next guest was a philosophy major and a magician before he ever considered trading in the stock m..."Trend following is the most repeatable method of trading ever invented." - Scot Billington (Tweet) Welcome back to the second part of our interview with Scot Billington of Covenant Capital Management. - In this episode,"Nobody ever started trading a model that didn't make money in the past. But we don't know if those things were luck or skill." - Scot Billington (Tweet) Our next guest takes a mechanical, long-term trend approach to trading to a new level,What it Takes to be a Great Hedge Fund Manager in Today’s Economy | Anders Lindell, IPM | #24"Carry is really about picking pennies in front of a steam roller. The greedier you get, the closer to that steam roller your going to be." - Anders Lindell (Tweet) Welcome back to the second part of our interview. -Former CEO Reveals How to Thrive in a Challenging Market | Anders Lindell, IPM | #23"It's always important to know that individual data points, may actually lead you astray and quite significantly so as an economy does move and change in a relatively slow fashion." - Anders Lindell (Tweet)The Most Important Question Investors Should be Asking | Nigol Koulajian, Quest Partners | #22"Knowledge can be a negative. It can be a luggage to seeing life as it is." - Nigol Koulajian (Tweet) Did you know that a meditation practice can help you be a better investor? - In this episode we discuss our common lessons that we ask all Top Trade..."Volatility is the most important criteria behind our strategy." - Nigol Koulajian (Tweet) Want to build a computer that makes money? - Quest Partners LLC has a long, robust track record with their systematic trading approach. -How to Identify Trades No One Else is Looking For | Roman Lutz, Future Value Capital | #20"It is important to have some tail hedges in the portfolio. We are basically long forward starting variance, again dealing with variance swaps, long six month variance swaps and short three month variance swaps.How to Take the Emotions out of Investment Decision Making | Roman Lutz, Future Value Capital | #19"In 2008, during the financial crisis, I realized that the hedge fund industry had a significant problem. The problem was, and still is, many hedge funds don't deliver what the client expects them to deliver." - Roman Lutz (Tweet)"For us, mean reversion is the key to the game." - Peter Kambolin (Tweet) Imagine if your assets under management went from $721 million to $50 million.... - Would you have the courage to stick with your system? -"Sometimes it makes sense to have a 'common sense' guy next to a 'PHD' guy." - Peter Kambolin (Tweet) Peter Kambolin is the common sense CEO behind Systematic Alpha Management, an Award Winning CTA Firm which has come through the tremendous market for."I don't think that anything you can read in a book will work in the sort term trading space." - Karsten Schroeder (Tweet) Welcome back to Top Traders Unplugged. On this episode Karsten and I discuss the systems and implementation that has led Amplitu...“You’re going to make a lot of money doing this…” | Jerry Parker, The Full Turtle Story | #14"You're going to make a lot of money doing this so you should love everything about the system that's going to produce all those profits. All you have to do is have the confidence and the faith to keep going and do those trades.Lessons From the Most Successful Turtle of All-Time | Jerry Parker, The Full Turtle Story | #13"You're sort of tempted after a certain period of under performance to tinker with your systems and call up research. Then as soon as you implement the new research you find out, well the older systems would have performed better" -"I think we are in a major, industrialization of the finance industry. The CTA industry is no exception" Welcome back to Top Traders Unplugged. In this episode we continue our conversation with Dr. Mathias Bucher the Co-Founder of AllMountainCapital."We strive to have a selective portfolio of not very many positions. Essentially, picking the best trends out there and combining them into the portfolio in a way that provides an optimum de-correlation of these candidates""If a trader was to not execute on one of the trades that the system generated, that would be the quickest way out the door at Dunn." - What are you going to do to differentiate yourself from everyone else in the industry?40 Years of Trading and Still Making NEW Highs | Marty Bergin, Dunn Capital Management | #9”My comment to him [Bill Dunn] was that I had a really good thing going so I wasn’t sure that that would really be the right move to make, and his response to me was, 'that’s fine, I’m not sure you can really handle it.'”"The shorter you go in your trading, the shorter the half-life of the models. The longer the models, the easier it is to see them as robust and not having to react." Today we rejoin the conversation with Martin Estlander the Founder and CEO of Estland..."I spend a lot of time thinking about the philosophy behind what's driving the markets and what's driving our human minds." Estlander & Partners - The Oldest CTA firm in Scandinavia and one of the Longest Running CTA firms in the World."The reason that we in the business is because we strongly believe that there is a need for investors to have this offset capability." We're back with the second part of our conversation with the Head of Research at Rho Asset Management.What You Must Do To Survive In This Business | Tushar Chande, Rho Asset Management | #5“You have to be an optimist in this business to survive, you have to bring an original point of view, why you want to do it in a certain way and you need to be able to explain to people in a way that makes sense to them why you are doing what you are d.What it Takes to Become a Great Trader | Mike Dever, Brandywine Asset Management | #4"Why is what you're doing going to continue into the future similar to what you're showing me that you've done in the past?" In this episode we continue our conversation with the founder and CEO of Brandywine Asset Management and discuss the aspects o..."They were asking...How do we achieve the most optimal performance? And they got that. But the question that they should have been asking was...How do I get the most predictable performance? - Nothing else matters."Customer Reviewsexcellentby JRT77I trade my own money in the futures markets and follow the CTA industry as an outsider. These guys being interviewed are the real thing. Not promoting 90% weekly returns and stock picks like the usual “trading” pieces. I listen to every episode and learn a few things with each conversation which is the highest compliment I can give.Great start!by Craig @ UpwardImage.comWhile I can’t claim to have a lot of experience in trading and hedge funds, I did have a chance to listen to one of Niels first few episodes. I enjoyed the fact that he asked great questions and let his guests shine with the knowledge that they brought to the interview. Sometimes podcasts can focus too much on chatter without actually saying anything, but I thought this show struck a great balance, was to the point, and was educational. I’m looking forward to seeing how this develops and will be tuning in on any of the shows that cover the “101 topics."Hedge Fund Heaven!by Fire StartersIt’s hard to find this type of advice, great Top Traders Unplugged is out there for all of us to learn from and apply! Investors alike will really enjoy this podcast.