Sunday, 8 February 2015Dogs aren't born with an innate understanding of words. They learn through associating words with actions. Teaching a command for the first time? Lure your dog into position. Your dog's mother did not repeat herself over and over and neither should you. Most importantly, be positive. You work for rewards like a salary or a bonus, so will your dog.Once your dog understands what the command means, it should only be said once. Follow these tips with your dog:Start all commands with the dog's name. How else will he know you're talking to him?First, teach him to look at you. Trace a line with your index finger from his eyes to yours. As soon as he makes eye contact, talk to him and encourage him to sustain the eye contact for a few seconds by saying something like 'good watch' in a pleasant, upbeat tone. Another way to get his attention is by letting him sniff a little tidbit of food, and moving it up to your eye level. When he looks up, praise him and give him the food treat.Be consistent. Ask the dog to do one thing at a time. If you ask him to 'sit down,' he might get confused about what to do since 'sit' and 'down' are two different commands.Be specific. When you want him off the couch, don't interchange commands like 'down' and 'off.' Make sure everyone at home uses the same commands.Vocabulary for dog owners- Wrong or Ech: When your dog makes a wrong choice- Good dog: When you want your dog to know he did something wonderful and should repeat the behaviour. Say it in an upbeat, happy tone.- Down: Means to lie down. Since it's a subordinate position, some bossy dogs may not comply. Say it when you want your dog to be comfortable or when you need him to be in control.- Stand: Useful at the vet's clinic or on a rainy day, when you want the dog to stand with all four feet on the ground.- Stay: Means don't move from whatever position you are in (when you're leaving him to fetch something).- Take it: For your dog to take food or toys.- Drop it: When your dog hears this, he should spit out whatever he is chewing on. Use a reward system to teach this command.- Leave it: This goes beyond drop it, since you don't want your pooch to even think about picking up the object, or other dogs.If you enjoyed this post, I?d be very grateful if you?d help it spread by emailing it to a friend, or sharing it on Twitter or Facebook. Thank you!