Tech Leaders Rank High Among 2014’s Biggest PhilanthropistsThere was a time, not so long ago, when the country’s leading philanthropists were the oil barons and industrialists who helped build the nation’s infrastructure. Today, they’re the people building mobile messaging apps and the tiny waterproof cameras that you strap on your head before going skydiving.According to The Chronicle of Philanthropy’s latest Philanthropy 50 list, Silicon Valley execs are infiltrating the upper ranks of America’s most generous givers. Topping the list at No. 1 are perennial favorites Bill and Melinda Gates, who donated a whopping $1.5 billion donation to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation last year. But following just behind them are several fresh faced philanthropists who hail from the tech community.Jan Koum, co-founder of the mobile messaging app WhatsApp, came in at Number 4 on the list of the nation’s top 50 donors, having donated $556 million to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation last year. Koum was followed by Sean Parker, president of Facebook and founder of Napster, who donated $550 million, landing him at Number 5. And at Number 6: GoPro founder Nick Woodman and his wife Jill, whose mini-camera company recently went public. Together, they donated just over $500 million, also to the Silicon Valley Community FoundationBut they’re not alone. In 2014, 12 top donors came from the tech world, including other familiar names like eBay founder Pierre Omidyar and Google co-founder Sergey Brin. That’s a major bump from 2013, when only six philanthropists hailed from the tech industry. And while they represent just over one fifth of the list, their collective donations account for 47 percent of the $9.8 billion those 50 people donated.This rapid shift is, in many ways, a direct reflection of the financial climate in tech, where valuations are sky high, acquisition prices for unprofitable companies can reach 10 or 11 digits, and the market for IPOs is booming. All this movement of gargantuan sums of money is creating vast wealth seemingly overnight. Koum, for one, who famously signed his $16 billion deal with Facebook on the door of his welfare office, became a multibillionaire in an instant, just five years after starting WhatsApp.Finding themselves suddenly holding tremendous wealth, this newly minted class of billionaires is beginning to give back. This trend is not only changing the face of who is giving—more scruff and fewer suits—it’s changing how they’re giving, as well.According to The Chronicle‘s Maria Di Mento, one major shift is that these techies are becoming philanthropists at a much earlier stage in their careers than their predecessors. “It might be because they’re getting significant wealth at a much younger age than the older generation was. The older generation, built up wealth over years, whereas this is happening very quickly,” she says.Most of the money from this cohort is being donated to family foundations or community foundations. But unlike traditional donors, Di Mento says, these tech execs are not simply letting the money build in an endowment for a decade. They’re already finding ways to spend it. Parker, for instance, put $550 million into a donor-advised fund and a family foundation last year, and almost immediately issued a $24 million grant to Stanford University to fund allergy research.“I think they will be much more involved than the older generation is,” Di Mento predicts. “They will be engaged in strategic philanthropy more. They’ll want to know what’s happening with their gifts more. It’s the kind of business people they are.”But perhaps the most significant difference between these philanthropists and their older counterparts is the sheer fact that they’re talking about it. For older generations, discussing dollars and cents is still considered impolite. Younger donors, Di Mento says, don’t see it that way, which only promotes more generosity from Silicon Valley’s finest. “They realize it can help the organizations they’re giving to raise money from other donors,” she says. “Their peers are more likely to step up when they see each other doing it.”