Founditgood.com is a Positive, Creative and Vibrant Space. A Platform to Find and Share something GOODRoots travel can be a powerful thing. Megan Smolenyak, the sleuth who uncovered Barack Obama’s Irish ancestry, describes visiting one’s ancestral home as one of life’s few “universally moving experiences.” (Photograph by Martin Thomas...Screen capture National Young Farmers Coalition via YouTube — Ashlee Kleinhammer adds fresh milk to her cup of coffee A mini video series just released by the National Young Farmers Coalition illustrates the challenges...credit: James Feuerstein These gorgeous colors of sunrise were seen at Akelaland Cub Scout Resident Camp in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania. I love how the darkness of the different trees contrasts with the...Source: Google Plus Sir Arthur Conan Doyle is responsible for one of the most popular characters in literary history, the infinitely resourceful detective Sherlock Holmes (accompanied, of course, by his loyal sidekick Dr. Watson)....This time of year always brings a lot of talk about dating, relationships, and meeting that special someone. But a relationship with the right business partner can be just as meaningful, if not more...Google’s bold proposal reimagines its Mountain View headquarters into glass canopy-like structures the size of of a city block. From search to mobile to self-driving cars, Google’s futuristic ambitions seem limitless — and that...The future of farming is uncertain. As agriculture shifts, so will technology. By 2115, it’s possible that a megadrought might end most agriculture in California, blistering summers might move wine production out of Italy,...In the Grand Canyon, there’s a place where two rivers join. It’s sacred to 17 tribal nations. Renae Yellowhorse grew up visiting this special place with her grandmother. This sacred place lies just outside...One way cities can stay affordable is to create new housing. Houslets—which takes after "parklets" or small temporary parks in parking spaces—is a modular system with units roughly the size of a parking space....Fearless + "Good Companions" by Vittorio Reggianini Following the success of his " Mag+Art " project—a series of magazine covers seamlessly blended with classic works of art—Philippines-based artist Eisen Bernardo received a request to...With licensing agreements with Hollywood’s biggest franchises, a wildly successful film series of its own, and original product lines that have spawned television and Internet tie-ins, Lego is experiencing a boom that makes its...On Earth, there couldn’t be a bigger difference between the Amazon rainforest and the African Sahara. The latter is a brown streak of wasteland; the former, green and teeming with life. Polar opposites though...Earlier this week, The New York Times broke the news that Internet giant Google is planning new starchitect-designed headquarters by Bjarke Ingels Group and Thomas Heatherwick . Not to be outdone by Apple’s Norman...Cairo’s Zayed Crystal Spark will be the tallest building in Egypt. Cairo may be getting a new skyscraper inspired by Egypt’s oldest architecture. The Zayed Crystal Spark project, announced by the country’s housing minister...Oculus. Facebook. Samsung. Microsoft. Sony. Google. Viewmaster. Virtual reality is coming, but it’s a remarkably confusing market, filled with dozens of players, all fighting a war for your face , because the winner will...Microsoft have yet again treated us to their vision of the future in another Productivity Future Vision video. The video focuses on how technology will further assist us in productivity with our social and work...