A DIFFERENCE OF PURPOSEAn abolitionist lawyer who serves as a captain in the Union Army is forced to question his faith in God when confronted with the loss of loved ones, including his wife, and with the human suffering, inhumanity, cruelty and chaos of the American Civil War. He journeys through despair, faith and redeeming love on the bloody battlefields of Fredericksburg, Stones River, and Chickamauga.“This book deserves much more than 5 stars … at least 10. It really is an amazing book! The story is full of action &amp; would make a great movie.”“This is an eye opening novel about such emotional issues of the Civil War.”“The author does a wonderful job of portraying human nature and how each man when confronted with choosing between right and wrong is capable of doing both depending on the circumstances – especially in battle.”SOILEAU: I was always interested in the Civil War. A phrase that Lincoln liked to use in various circumstances, “a difference of purpose”, caught my attention. Lincoln wrote a letter to a general with whom he was having problems, stating, “Let there not be a difference of purpose between us.” He also used the phrase in another letter, which is included in the Appendix to the book, in which he refers to the “difference of purpose” between God and man.CIR: How does this compare to other historical fiction novels about the Civil War?SOILEAU: If you like a book that makes you think about such matters as war, God, and faith, you will like this book. It is more a work of literary fiction on war than it is what is strictly known as “historical fiction”. Examples of books in that camp would be Lincoln by Gore Vidal, Freedom by William Safire, and books by Howard Fast or John Jakes. A Difference of Purpose fits in more with books like A Farewell to Arms by Ernest Hemingway and The Red Badge of Courage by Stephen Crane.CIR: Literary fiction definitely wants to dig deeper than pure entertainment. What themes do you address in this novel?SOILEAU: The novel is about the difference of purpose between people (causing conflict) and the difference of purpose between God and man. It is also about holding onto faith in spite of hardship and suffering.CIR: How have readers responded to this message?SOILEAU: They seem to like the fast pace and flow of the scenes. Readers consider the book to be engaging, well-researched and well-written. One of my favorite reviews stated that the book “gets across concepts that are deep and worthy of thought” and that the book is “a novel of depth”.