Training & EducationThe BSBI’s Training & Education Committee organises and supports events and resources for teaching botany. We run the country’s most recognised qualification for botanical surveyors, the FISC. On this page you can also find out about grants available from the BSBI and other sources of grants for botanists.Know your plantsTraining and Education Committee have produced a simple booklet with details of how to start learning plant identification. The PDF is available here, or if you would like hard copies to hand out to students/learners, email Sarah Whild.Field skillsTraining & Education Committee runs Field Identification Skills Certificates, to test how good you really are at botany. For more information, turn to the FISC page...Professional developmentFor a career in ecology, the place to start is Manchester Metropolitan University, which runs the acclaimed biological recording programmes that the BSBI was influential in setting up 20 years ago. Courses include everything from day schools in identification to a Masters Degree in biological recording which is widely considered the top qualification in this field.Online plant identification course for beginnersThis online course provides a foundation in classification, terminology, the use of keys and the features of the most important plant families. Participants have to find common plant species and answer questions about them. Their answers are checked, and advice given, by a tutor. Further information, including a course sample, can be found on the website: www.identiplant.co.uk.The course is full for 2014. Anyone interested in becoming a tutor in 2015 should contact Brenda Harold. Student applications for 2015 will be accepted from 1 December 2014.Short identification coursesThere are many short identification courses available from various providers throughout the country. These are a good way to start out in botany, or to learn a new group of plants. BSBI experts and referees teach on many of these. Try...Other University coursesThe Linnean Society also has a good list of natural history courses available.Research grantsScience and Research Committee runs a small grants scheme to support research to enhance knowledge of the flora of the British Isles. These grants are aimed at PhD students, academic researchers, and amateurs working on research. The work should be capable of resulting in a scientific publication.The closing date for applications is 6th February each year. A completed application form should be sent by email to Alex Lockton.>> This grant round is now closedTraining grantsGrants of up to £250 are available for aspiring botanists who want to go on short training courses. You do not need to be a member to apply. Typical applicants would include recent graduates looking to start a career in botany or take part in interest-led botanical recording.>> these grants are now all taken. The next round will be in 2016.Plant Study GrantsUndergraduate and Postgraduate Study Grants of up to £1,000 are available to botany students.>> these grants are now all taken. The next round will be in 2016.Publications GrantsThe society makes small grants towards the publication of County Floras, check-lists and the like, typically £2000. Application forms are available from the Secretary of Publications Committee, Mr John Poland, 91, Ethelburt Av., Swaythling, Southampton, SO16 3DFConference BursariesStudents can apply for bursaries towards the cost of conferences.>> these bursaries are now all taken. The next round will be in 2016.Grants from other organisations>> British Ecological Society: these grants are made to amateur and professional scientists undertaking surveys of habitats which are threatened or of special ecological interest or which have a history of ecological work.>> Oleg Polunin Memorial Fund. Applicants should apply in writing to the Headmaster of Charterhouse at the address below, giving a clear statement about their proposed field studies, where they will be undertaken and when. Priority will be given to applicants with Charterhouse connections but other persons with strong botanical or biological interests will also be considered. The closing date for applications is 1st February each year.The Headmaster, Charterhouse, Godalming, Surrey, GU7 2DJ>> The Botanical Research Fund is a small trust fund which makes modest grants to individuals to support botanical investigations of all types and, more generally, to assist their advancement in the botanical field. Grants are available to amateurs, professionals and students of British and Irish nationality who are resident in the United Kingdom or Ireland. Where appropriate, grants may be awarded to applicants in successive years to a maximum of three.The annual deadline for applications is January 31st. Further details may be obtained from Mark Carine, Hon. Secretary, The Botanical Research Fund, c/o Department of Botany, The Natural History Museum, Cromwell Road, London, SW7 5BD. Email:m.carine@nhm.ac.uk.>> The Wild Flower Society has a small fund from which it is able to make grants in support of botanical projects. Applications should be made to the General Secretary at the address below. They will be considered by our Executive Committee, which meets normally in March and September.>> Systematics Research Fund. The Linnean Society of London and the Systematics Association have pooled resources in order to provide a small-grants (<£1500) fund for systematics research, available to all researchers regardless of nationality or society membership.Applications must be submitted electronically by midnight of 15th December for consideration for awards announced the following March. Further details and electronic forms are downloadable from: www.systass.org.Resources for beginnersA leaflet written by Clare O’Reilly with suggestions for beginners on how to get started in botany.Careers AdviceAre you hoping to study to be a botanist but don't know what degree to take or how to specialize? Download the Connexions Botany Careers Leaflet here.SchoolsBSBI postersBSBI LibraryOur library is hosted for us at Manchester Metropolitan University‘s premises in Shrewsbury.Most of our books and journals come from donations, and we can guarantee to take responsible care of anything that we receive. Duplicates and surplus material is found a good home at Field Centres around the country. We also digitize our own publications and books that are out of copyright, copies of which are held in the library.If you are interested in donating, to the library, please contact Sarah Whild.