View full lesson: http://ed.ted.com/lessons/how-playing-an-instrument-benefits-your-brain-anita-collins When you listen to music, multiple areas of your brain become engaged and active. But when you actually play an instrument, that activity becomes more like aHi Everyone Flight Radio will now be advertising, your place of business and events for a 30 second spot, let us be your source, for Promoting your company and events, Try us, we are non for profit and the donations you provide helps the company to keep the lights on. Contact us for more information, so we can help you.This aired on PBS NewsHour on February 24, 2012; it was produced by the Learning Matters group, specifically Cat McGrath and John Merrow. It looks at the Harmony Program out of CUNY in NYC, which provides after-school music education to under-privileged children. That program is modeled off El Sistema, a famed Venezuelan program of the same nature. For more resources on all this, consult http://learningmatters.tv.When you listen to music, multiple areas of your brain become engaged and active. But when you actually play an instrument, that activity becomes more like a full-body brain workout. What’s going on? Anita Collins explains the fireworks that go off in musicians’ brains when they play, and examines some of the long-term positive effects of this mental workout.Doug Goodkin is an internationally recognized teacher of Orff Schulwerk, a dynamic approach to music education. He is currently in his 38th year at The San Francisco School, teaching children between three years old and eighth grade. He also has trained teachers having in 39 countries worldwide. teaches regularly at The Orff Institut in Salzburg, directs The San Francisco Orff Certification Course and teaches his own course on Jazz and Orff Schulwerk throughout the world. He is the author of eight books and has an ongoing blog titled “Confessions of a Traveling Music Teacher.” Doug is particularly known for connecting the principles of Orff Schulwerk to a wider world of practices and ideas—jazz, world music, poetry, school community-building, brain research, human health and culture, social justice and more. His work has been described as ” a long, earnest and continuing struggle to present music of integrity in a way that affirms our collective humanity. http://www.douggoodkin.com/TEDxSydney 2011 took place on Saturday 28 May 2011 at CarriageWorks. Tens of thousands of people enjoyed the day: 800 in the theatre, over 1,000 via big screen simulcast in The Forum, up to 48,000 online via YouTube … and up to 80,000 tuning in to ABC Radio National. It was a grand day. About TEDx, x = independently organised event In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local, self-organised events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organised events are branded TEDx, where x = independently organised TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organised.* (*Subject to certain rules and regulations)We are opening a production studio training for DJ’s and engineers, religious talk shows and bible studies, music training, and teaching the art of poetry.Flight Radio Hot and Taking Off! Listen In!Flight Radio WQJT FM Taking it On Air and The Internet! Flight Radio Hot and Taking Off! Listen In! Best Music dJ’s Jazz/R&B/ Gospel/ Old school/Hiphop/Pop – Rock /Talk showWelcome to Flight Radio WQJT 105.7 FM Where you will hear your community announcements and local services reported; Church events, public city announcements, food banks and shelters, alert centers for emergencies. School events, local news , sports and fundraising Event. Health Services for the elderly and Job Announcements Opportunity Flight Radio Hot! and Taking Off Listen In