9th January 2010, Bioshock 2 is released for the PC, Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 in Europe and America.Being the sequel to one the most acclaimed games of all time, Bioshock, this game had a great deal to live up to, and it is thought by many that Bioshock 2 surpasses its predecessor. Developed by 2K Marin and 2K Australia, Bioshock 2 delves further into the history of the underwater utopia of Rapture and explores the political situation in the aftermath of the first game.Players find themselves in control of one of the first Big Daddy’s who awakens 8 years after the conclusion of the first game to find Rapture in more a mess than it was previously. The antagonist of the piece, Sophia Lamb, seeks to wrest control of the city using a cult named “The Rapture Family”, and make her daughter the living embodiment of this family. The problem for Lamb, however, is that Eleanor used to be your Little Sister and so you share a bond with her that ensures you will not allow her to come to any harm. Predictably, fireworks ensue.Bioshock 2 is generally an improvement over the first game, being easier to play, with and featuring better weapons, better plasmids, better enemies and even more successful storytelling. Also, Sophia Lamb is a fantastic villain, seeking to create a ‘greater good’, at any cost, be it murder, brainwashing or even sacrificing her own daughters sanity for the cause. An engaging game, with a great background and storyline that should appeal to anyone who loves a shooter, but craves something more than a stock plot should grab this game, which as well as being fantastic on its own, also adds to its predecessor.Review: Diablo 3: Ultimate Evil Edition (PS4)Diablo 3 was my 2012 Game of 2013, a reflection on the fact that I’ve always enjoyed this series, and following my recent switch to PS4, I knew I would have to acquire the Ultimate Evil Edition. This is a review in part of the old game, but mostly a discussion of where the game currently stands. Diablo 3 is the final instalment of Blizzard’s titular series, and follows the conniving gambits of the Daemon lord Diablo, who has for 3 games been playing the characters in the world of Sanctuary for fools. At the end of Diablo 3, it seemed like he was defeated, but the new expansion throws all of that into the air, and introduces the magnificently sinister Maltheal, former Angel of Wisdom, now Angel of Death. The background world of the Diablo series is pretty dark and as such many of the series’ heroes, especially from the first game, typically end up coming off badly, or merely advancing Diablo’s plans. Whilst he has certainly suffered setbacks, this game sees the culmination of many lingering threads, and the last of Diablo’s great gambits. The new expansion ends on a cliff-hanger, hinting about the possible outcome of this great war against the Daemon lords.Diablo 3 has had an interesting run, in no small part because it hit the tail end of the previous console generation, and it has had the dubious honour of following Diablo 2, a game that was a resounding success. I have always liked Diablo 3, as it took the task of making a number of pragmatic changes from the Diablo 2 format, and emerged with a game that stands at the pinnacle of the series. Some may prefer the original for its proper Rogue-like difficulty, or the second, with its difficulty mixed with its somewhat less dogmatic options system, cube shenanigans and plot. But it’s hard to deny that whilst Diablo 3 is far from a challenge in most senses, it elevates gameplay to being more satisfying, rewarding, and even, surprisingly, convenient. For one, it is far more rewarding compared to time investment. Shared character chests, shared 70+ level perks (called Paragon Levels), challenges, quest rewards, and so on. The game rewards replay, and time investment, by allowing you to shift good ‘uniques’ (weapons and items that are, well, unique) to your characters who might use them, and paragon levels give incentive to those who grind for good equipment by buffing all characters if you use a level 70 character. Then there are other conveniences, such as being able to easily swap what skills and abilities are used (contrary to Diablo 2’s more dogmatic system), getting decent items more easily thanks to black-smithing, and console ports even have better rare drop rates than the PC version of the game. The inventory system is now straightforward and you can carry a lot more than in the previous game, and town portals are a normal ability that can be used infinitely once it is unlocked during gameplay. The combat system is pretty tight, and all classes have their own abilities, which are modified by runes. New abilities and runes are unlocked as characters level up, and some unique weapons can also modify class abilities (My Witch Doctor character has a unique ring that replaces my 5 Zombie Dog summons with one, huge Zombie Dog that does more damage). This style of play is rewarding, because you can freely experiment and create your own play style, and as all classes play differently, there is a lot of re-play value in trying the other classes. It is the case that some combinations of class abilities work better than others, but all abilities have their own perks, which if mixed with the right equipment can still be quite potent.9th January 2010, Bioshock 2 is released for the PC, Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 in Europe and America.Being the sequel to one the most acclaimed games of all time, Bioshock, this game had a great deal to live up to, and it is thought by many that Bioshock 2 surpasses its predecessor. Developed by 2K Marin and 2K Australia, Bioshock 2 delves further into the history of the underwater utopia of Rapture and explores the political situation in the aftermath of the first game.Players find themselves in control of one of the first Big Daddy’s who awakens 8 years after the conclusion of the first game to find Rapture in more a mess than it was previously. The antagonist of the piece, Sophia Lamb, seeks to wrest control of the city using a cult named “The Rapture Family”, and make her daughter the living embodiment of this family. The problem for Lamb, however, is that Eleanor used to be your Little Sister and so you share a bond with her that ensures you will not allow her to come to any harm. Predictably, fireworks ensue.Bioshock 2 is generally an improvement over the first game, being easier to play, with and featuring better weapons, better plasmids, better enemies and even more successful storytelling. Also, Sophia Lamb is a fantastic villain, seeking to create a ‘greater good’, at any cost, be it murder, brainwashing or even sacrificing her own daughters sanity for the cause. An engaging game, with a great background and storyline that should appeal to anyone who loves a shooter, but craves something more than a stock plot should grab this game, which as well as being fantastic on its own, also adds to its predecessor.