Author, keynote speaker, and customer experience consultant. Expert in customer service, the customer experience, customer centricity, hospitality, and building a customer-centric corporate culture. My most recently published title is "High-Tech, High-Touch Customer Service." I'm an entrepreneur myself with a background in manufacturing, entertainment, marketing. I'm based in metro Seattle when not traveling. Reach me at 484-343-5881 or micah@micahsolomon.comLearn This Customer Service Secret While Unwinding In A 5-Star Luxury LoungeToday I’m going to teach you a way of interacting with customers that can transform the level of customer service you provide. You can read it here on this page or, if you want to see this acted out by experienced professionals, hightail it over to your nearest 5-star hotel, and specifically to their club level lounge. (The one in which I’m typing this is the club floor of the Ritz-Carlton Central Park.)To those of us obsessed with customer service improvement, the club level lounge environment of a great hotel offers a setting in which to experience well-trained professionals providing service in an unusually distilled – “pure” – fashion. What do I mean by this? What the Ladies and Gentlemen (as employees proudly refer to themselves here at the Ritz) do in a club level lounge is in a sense more free-form, less dependent on specific technical skills (as opposed to service/customer-centric skills) than what you’ll find elsewhere in a hotel. They’re not serving you carefully timed courses from a restaurant menu that need to arrive simultaneously. They’re not checking you in at a peak entry period. Instead, they’re here at your service in whatever capacity may be useful. And they need to be at your service in a way that will be appreciated, rather than feeling to the guest like an interruption.As I hunch over my laptop here working on this article, at first it’s what doesn’t happen that is so impressive. The well-dressed, smiling attendant in the lounge doesn’t come over to ask me if I want my coffee freshened up. Does this mean she’s being inattentive? Quite the opposite. She sees that I am intently hammering out these very sentences, and that it’s a bad time for me to be asked anything.Now, as I end the paragraph and lean back in my chair to ponder my next linguistic move, she’s back and ready to serve.This level of attentiveness, and of staying-out-of-the-wayness, is incredibly impressive But how to transfer it to your own organization, your own service environment? For the employees at your own organization to provide a similarly skilled and nuanced service experience requires that they pay attention, make use of their peripheral vision and all the rest of their senses. It also helps (there’s no way around this part, I’m afraid) if they were initially hired for showing the empathy and other psychological traits that make for potentially great customer-facing employees. [Refresher: here’s my article on how to hire for such positions.]But it also requires a system. What I’ve codified as the BUBL system.Start by understanding – and by instructing your employees as well – that all of those customers who look so normal as they wander around your establishment are actually surrounded by individual, invisible protective bubbles. To be able to provide exceptional customer service, your team needs to be aware of this phenomenon and be conscious of the extent to which your customer’s individual protective shell is open or closed at any particular moment. Learn to recognize when and when not to venture near and into the customer’s protective bubble, the invisible sanctuary within which the customer has expectations of solitude, and how to interact with the customer while that bubble is open.This is what the well-trained attendant at the lounge here is doing when she discreetly avoids interrupting me mid-thought, and it’s what she’s doing when she does provide me with service when it’s clear to hear that this will not be perceived as an interruption.Here are the principles of this human force field. Remember them by using my acronym “BUBL.”B – Begin ImmediatelyU – Uncode the guest’s messages and pacingB –Break your scheduleL –Leave room for more interactionLet’s take them one by one.B – Begin Immediately:The guest expects service to begin the exact moment she comes into contact with the employee, so deciphering whether or not the customer actually considers meaningful contact to have been made is an important part of this step. For example, if a guest catches a server’s eye, it may be merely accidental, but if the guest holds the server’s gaze, it usually means he’s expecting to be offered assistance. (At busy times, the “begin immediately” step may need to be accomplished even if you’re speaking with another customer; you may need to learn how to work with one customer while visually acknowledging the presence of a new arrival.)U – Uncode: Decode the messages the customer is giving you about pacing, about their level of happiness or distress, etc. and adjust appropriately to their mood and timing. (This isn’t only detectable in person, by the way: such cues can be discerned on the phone, in live online chat, via videoconferencing, etc.)B – Break your schedule: Your customer has let you into their sanctuary for this moment. Drop what you’re doing and work on what they need. True service can never be slave to your checking things off in a predetermined order from a to-do list. Attending properly to a customer means adhering to the customer’s schedule, not the other way around.L - Leave room for more: Is this really good-bye? Check before you conclude the interaction. It’s the service professional’s responsibility to ask if anything additional is needed, and, if it isn’t, to graciously thank the customer before leaving her in the sanctuary of her bubble. This is the last principle: the ‘‘closing’’ of service. Too many service interactions end with a cold and impersonal ‘‘Bye,’’ or ‘‘OK,’’ or (far too frequently), nothing at all. The closing of service is as important as the opening. It is the last touch point, and it needs to be handled properly. Again, this principle can be applied in a chat sequence, a series of emails, or on the phone, as well as, of course, in person.This are subtle and nuanced concepts. They need to form a module of your training, with role-playing and reinforcement, and a significant part of your mindset when interacting with (or considering whether to interact with) your customers.And if you want to see them in action, invest some enjoyable time on the club level of a great hotel.Post Your CommentPost Your ReplyForbes writers have the ability to call out member comments they find particularly interesting. Called-out comments are highlighted across the Forbes network. You'll be notified if your comment is called out.