The interviewer at the Neil Gaiman event kept trying to get him to say that trigger warnings are over sensitive or whatever but he said “I am one hundred percent in favor of people being able to choose not to read things they know they won’t be able to handle”He also made a point of saying “people with penises” and “people with vaginas” when addressing a question about feminist themes in his writingI’m so happy about him tbhWell, yes.It seems to me Neil is a person-with-penis who also has balls but some people-with-assumed-but-not-owned-guts attempt to make a fool of him supposing he is the kind of person-with-sensitivity-but-no-sense. Sad but true, yet satisfying once I like seeing called lambs bash called lions.“Gamer Gate is hate.” There are plenty of fair people showing sympathy and support to the movement. How close to hate behavior is this?“Gamer Gate is a harassment rally.” No, it isn’t. There are abusers playing among us, indeed, but harassment is not our agenda.“When a GG harasses someone, blame Gamer Gate.” Why so? Aren’t we responsible for our own acts? Each one of us? It supposed to be.Same way, I won’t say Anti Gamer Gate is hate, a harassment rally and to be blamed for each AGG or wannabe AGG who harasses a GG or wannabe GG.I’m on the border of the whole thing. I don’t have enough information to turn what I think of it into statements - and I try not doing this and feel failing miserably.But I do know for sure there are a lot of poisonous talks, threatens and harassment going on. And why so? Because we, people, are like this. Yes, this must stop. All the wrong doings must stop. But won’t. Again: we are like this. And once the scene won’t change, why not change our view on the scene? Why not change our acts on scene?- Do not harass.- Report harassment.- Do not support harassment.- Cut the poisonous shit.- Joke around if you like it but make it clear, please.- If you’re dealing with unfair play, be fair anyway. You can.It’s easy to point the finger and shout “Guilty!”. The hard part is being better, fair and different.Fair play: play fair, my fellow.I did my best onto writing this. English isn’t my mother language. If you find anything confusing or just a mistake, please, tell me.