商品の説明内容紹介This new edition of International Law confirms the text's status as the definitive book on the subject. Combining both his expertise as academic and practitioner, Malcolm Shaw's survey of the subject motivates and challenges both student and professional. By offering an unbeatable combination of clarity of expression and academic rigour, he ensures both understanding and critical analysis in an engaging and authoritative style. The text has been updated throughout to reflect recent case law and treaty developments. It retains the detailed references which encourage and assist further reading and study.レビュー'By now, generations of international lawyers have learnt their international law from the present textbook. Over the years, Shaw has become the new Oppenheim. Today, Shaw is probably the best textbook on international law. It is, without doubt, the most comprehensive and most up-to-date exposition of the subject. The author displays a masterful treatment of the material. There is no incident of State practice, treaty, Security Council resolution, or court decision of note that is not dealt with in Shaw. If for no other reason than that, this book is an indispensable companion for any student, academic and practitioner of international law.' Stefan Talmon, University Bonn'With its well organized structure and clarity of exposition, Shaw's International Law has long been established as the pre-eminent textbook on international law for students. It is, however, much more than that; researchers and practitioners will find this comprehensive and up to date survey of the whole field of international law invaluable.' Sir Christopher Greenwood, Judge of the International Court of Justice'This new edition is - as previous incarnations have been - unquestionably the leading textbook on the topic. The book is about as close to comprehensive as a textbook can get, and throughout it is extremely detailed and analytical. Yet, it is also accessibly written and easy to follow. Shaw's book is an excellent introduction to international law for undergraduates and others new to the subject, but it will also be of significant value to postgraduates, teachers and practitioners. This fully updated version covers crucial recent developments, such as the International Court of Justice's Jurisdictional Immunities decision, the annexation of Crimea, and the Libyan and Syrian civil wars. That there is a new edition of this exceptional book is great news for anyone interested in international law.' James A. Green, University of Reading'Malcolm Shaw's International Law is the established teaching tool for students in the field. It is of no less use to practitioners, judges and arbitrators. It is lucid, balanced and comprehensive. Professor Shaw's 7th edition maintains the currency of this important treatise.' Stephen M. Schwebel, former President of the International Court of Justice'This latest edition of Professor Shaw's now classic textbook continues to strike that difficult balance between detail and accessibility. Comprehensive in its coverage, broad in its scope and situating the development of the law in its political and historic context; it is an essential textbook for all students of international law.' Urfan Khaliq, Cardiff University'The seventh edition of Malcolm Shaw's International Law has firmly confirmed its place among the leading textbooks of international law in the world. The breadth of legal issues dealt with in this volume is admirable. The style of writing is accessible but challenging and at the same time it is characterized by rigorous research and great attention to detail. The book provides students with an excellent analysis of the theory and practice of international law, including the jurisprudence of international courts and tribunals. The present edition has been updated and includes the most recent development in international law, including literature, the work and drafts of the International Law Commission and the jurisprudence of international courts and tribunals. The book contains very useful lists of the relevant publications and detailed references. The book will no doubt stimulate students intellectually, providing them with ample information for further research. Detailed and very analytical chapters such as the one on human rights make the textbook suitable not only for undergraduate but also for postgraduate students as well as practitioners. The textbook of Malcolm Shaw is an indispensable source of knowledge for anyone studying international law.' Malgosia Fitzmaurice, Queen Mary University of London'Malcom Shaw's book excels as a comprehensive, still immensely readable treatise. Its clarity of style and analysis recommends Shaw's International Law to readers of all levels. The new edition fully captures the dynamic development in various areas within the overarching principles and values which underlie the unity of international law.' Matthias Herdegen, University of Bonn'Shaw's International Law textbook constitutes an indispensable resource for students of International Law and related subjects. It provides a comprehensive and accessible analysis of International Law suitable to undergraduate as well as postgraduate level. Consistent feedback received from students over the years in the UK and abroad, including from students with no legal background engaged in postgraduate studies that require understanding of International Law, shows that this is students' preferred choice for a reference text in International Law. A new edition guarantees that the book continues to provide up-to-date analysis on some of the most complex and changing areas of International Law, such as the use of force and State immunities.' María-Teresa Gil-Bazo, Newcastle University'Compared with the modern and critical introductions to international law that we find in the bookstores these days, this new edition is surprisingly traditional and familiar. Shaw is at his best when dealing with the more classical topics of international law, such as title to territory. He introduces the reader to the most influential case law and presents the different views that exist in scholarship, without imposing his own opinion on the reader. At a time when each incident appears to challenge the very existence of international law and its foundational principles, his conventional approach, backed by an impressive historical awareness, is very reassuring. Shaw succeeds, to an admirable extent, in writing an encyclopedia of international law, one of the most comprehensive textbooks around. This book has proved itself over many years, and can certainly be considered one of the most highly qualified publicists around.' Otto Spijkers, Utrecht University'I have been using Malcolm Shaw's International Law for many years and could not do without it. The release of its Seventh Edition is fantastic news. The treatise provides students and lecturers with an exceptionally good combination of theoretical and practical reflection, an engaging perspective on rules and legal processes, and a sense of the complexity and multidimensionality of the field. Lucid and accurate, it is indispensable reading for anyone studying the role of law in global affairs.' Gaetano Pentassuglia, University of Liverpool'Malcolm Shaw's International Law has become a 'classic among the classics'. It offers both a concise and a comprehensive treatment of the entire gamut of international law, from its history and philosophical underpinnings, the classical doctrines (sources, relationship with municipal law, subjects, jurisdiction, recognition, territory, law of the sea, immunities, state responsibility, treaty law, peaceful settlement of disputes, use of force), to international and regional human rights protection, international criminal, humanitarian and environmental law, the International Court of Justice, the United Nations and other international institutions. The author's unique talent for distilling complex concepts and unmatched capacity of capturing all pertinent recent developments until late 2013 make this seventh edition again a veritable tour de force, a must-have and a must-use for all international lawyers and scholars.' Jan Wouters, University of Leuven'Malcolm Shaw's International Law is my companion in teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in international law since the early 1990s. The explanation of core concepts on the basis of a clear and consistent approach to the function of international law and its practical application helps the undergraduate students to acquire a solid foundation in international law. For the more interested as well as the more advanced students, the book provides a rich source that allows them not only insights into the details of the many areas of international law, but also to engage in current debates on how international law from a practical and academic point of view is challenged by the many developments in international society. I have not yet come across a textbook that combines these qualities in such a superb manner.' Marcel Brus, University of Groningen, The Netherlands