Loula is leaving for Africa by Anne Villeneuve, a book reviewHave you ever just had it with life? You just want to run away and leave all of the hassle of home behind? Yes? Well, so does Loula.You see, Loula is a little girl with TRIPLET brothers. They are mean, horrible and stinky. There must be somewhere better than this. She packs her bags, announces to her parents (an opera singer and a mustache designer–yes, a mustache designer) that she is leaving, walks out the door and climbs up a tree. The only one who seems to care that she is up a tree is her French chauffeur (because really, every little girl needs a french man in her life).He wonders why she is up the tree. She announces that this not a tree, “this is Africa.” Thus begins a magical journey with the caring chauffeur who recognizes a little girl who needs to have an adventure all her own, away from her bratty brothers. They head off to Africa together finding adventure along the way. Africa looks a little different from you might have pictured as this duo takes to the streets.Why I love it:Loula is Leaving for Africa is beautifully illustrated and written by Anne Villeneuve. It highlights the depth of the adventures you can take if you just use a little imagination, even when you can’t travel very far. Read this one with your kids and you will soon start planning your own escape to Africa, and still make it home in time for dinner.Publisher’s Synopsis: Loula has had enough of her terrible triplet brothers and decides to run away to Africa. Luckily, her mother’s chauffeur, Gilbert, knows just how to get there. Together, Loula and Gilbert ride camels, cross a desert and, most important, use heaps of imagination in this heartwarming adventure.This post contains affiliate links to my Amazon.com store. Please consider buying through our store. The price is no different for you; we just take a cut from Amazon. All proceeds go directly back into running this site.Share this:Keryn is the founder and editor-in-chief of Walking on Travels, an award-winning site that gives hope to today’s active parents who don’t want to stop their lives; they simply bring their kids along for the ride. Keryn utilizes her project management background, along with a masters degree in journalism and an undergrad degree in photography to the team to create dynamic content and a vision that keeps up with the latest technology and trends. You can find Keryn dragging her 2 boys around the DC area most days and across the globe several times a year. Follow along on their adventures on Instagram and Pinterest.