How do you #Share1Love?1.recordRecord a video (under 33-seconds) sharing what you love most about life, hold up your index finger and sign-off by saying, "Share One Love".Tip: Turn your phone sideways when you record so your video fills the screen.2.uploadUpload your video to the Videoo player using the green Add Your Video button.add your videoTip: You can upload directly from your iPhone or Android camera roll by visiting this page on your mobile device.3.shareShare your video on social media and include the hashtag #Share1Love. Tag friends to encourage them to Share1Love!Tip: The more friends you tag, the more people participate. The more people who participate, the more money we raise for a great cause!charity: water is a non-profit organization bringing clean and safe drinking water to people in developing countries. Learn more here: charitywater.orgMake a difference today by sharing an act of love. Videoo will donate $1 to charity: water on your behalf (up to $25,000) if you upload a video to #Share1Love.100% of public donations to charity: water directly fund sustainable water projects for communities in need.If you're a little camera shy and don't want to record a video, you can still support #Share1Love by donating directly to charity: water.748 million people on the planet don't have access to clean, safe drinking water.What is #Share1Love?click play to watch the videoWhere are people supporting #Share1Love?Watched a Video:211 countriesUploaded & Watched a Video:27 countriesFrequently Asked QuestionsWho can participate In Share1Love?This is a radically inclusive social video movement and everyone on earth is encouraged to play a part. To amplify the love, simply share your favorite video on this site to your favorite social networks and hashtag #Share1Love. To share more love, record and upload a video to this site and share it to inspire others to do the same. Or donate directly to charity: water to help save lives and bring clean and safe drinking water to people in developing countries.Why are my videos limited to 33-seconds?For #Share1Love, the Bob Marley family has teamed up with a cool, new social video platform called Videoo. Videoo limits clips to 33-seconds based on the premise that it's long enough to cover the material, but short enough to keep it interesting. We're hoping that you'll watch lots of clips and get inspired.What types of videos can I upload?You can upload videos directly from your computer -or- from your camera roll by visiting this page on your tablet or smartphone. Videoo supports most file types including: 3GP, AAC, AVI, FLV, MP4 and MPEG-2. If you run into problems, please email support@videoo.com