There's no need to miss out on the next show everyone's talking about.Most Read"It's all on Netflix," you told your out-of-the-loop friends. For reasons infuriating and unknown, AMC's revered drama, Breaking Bad, remained in many people's cultural blind spot from start to finish. They wanted to make time for it! They really did. They knew everyone loved it, they recalled Bryan Cranston winning a few Emmys, and they admitted to posting "Yo, Bitch" memes on Facebook despite not understanding the context. Your friends managed to watch half of the pilot ("It was good!") but their competing TV show/long book/sports match/nap/next Candy Crush level weren't going to complete themselves. Time ran out. There were too many episodes to binge watch before the finale. The prospect was exhausting. They got the gist—meth something something. They didn't feel compelled to join the conversation. Missing out on Breaking Bad wouldn't be the end of the world.There's a silver lining to your clueless friends' epic cultural fail. Although they missed one of the greatest television shows of all time during its initial run, staying on top of its highly anticipated spin-off, Better Call Saul, is a goal within reach. "Uh, wait, I still haven't caught up with Breaking Bad," they say. Not a problem. With Saul, creators Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould (who wrote the original show's introductory episode) find a way back to Breaking Bad's venomous Southwest without prerequisite. The writing duo amputates Saul's preordained future. His re-introduction stands alone in existential misery. Better Call Saul is a new show with a new arc and new swagger.Calling Saul a "prequel" or "sequel" series implies that Gilligan and Gould's continuation extends directly from the source material. Which is a logical conclusion, considering it's all the rage right now: Hannibal explains how a dapper foodie became the brain-eating, Chianti-sipping Hannibal Lecter that we already know; Gotham tracks the origin stories of all the best Batman villains that we already know; the five people who watch Starz's Black Sails know that the destination is Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island, a book that they already know. Saul Goodman's stand-alone vehicle is fuzzier and tethering it to Breaking Bad sends the wrong message to newbies cowering at the prospect of playing catch up. Think of Better Call Saul as the Parks and Recreation to Breaking Bad's The Office. It looks like the original show, smells like the original show, and yet, when Saul steps on screen, there are a new set of rules, strategies, and gags.In Breaking Bad, Walter White descended from schlubby science teacher to super villain. A simple, effective arc. Better Call Saul opens with more complex questions. Before Saul was Saul, he was James McGill, a rabble-rouser treading water in a quicksand pool of scams, get-rich-quick schemes, and scrappy public defender gigs. He's sinking. Juggling his own poverty with caring for his near-paranoid schizophrenic brother keeps him off balance. He's not evil, but he's not good. As he tells a gangster's muscle early on in the show, "I'm a lawyer, not a criminal," which sounds like the kernel that sent Gilligan and Gould chasing this show in the first place.The opening scene from Sunday night's premiere is expert foreshadowing that caters to you and your clueless friend. For the latter, the basic setup goes like this: Before Walter White went out in a blaze of robo-gun glory, Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkrik) bid his diabolical client adieu with blunt words: "It's over." His days as a low-rent lawyer were over, a punny alias trashed for a new name and a life of meth-peddling left in the dust. "The fun's over. From here on out, I'm Mr. Low Profile. Just another douche bag with a job and three pairs of Dockers. If I'm lucky, month from now, best-case scenario, I'm managing a Cinnabon in Omaha."Turns out, he was lucky. Better Call Saul picks up with Saul in Nebraska. He's living the dream (or, the kind of dream you have while trapped in a basement, hiding out from the DEA); The pre-title stinger cues up the Ink Spots' 1939 hit "Address Unknown" as a mustachioed Saul bakes a batch of Cinnabon buns. He's on edge—even the dirtiest look sends his mind racing—but he's isolated in intended malaise. Stark black-and-white masquerades the "present" as a memory, an expired life. Saul's decision to look back at his own life, replaying VHS tapes of old "Better Call Saul" commercials, makes the nostalgic tone more apparent. Your clueless friend will understand this completely, Saul's life is now divorced from Breaking Bad's events. Like Citizen Kane or Kill Bill, pop culture consumers know a flashback-prompting glimpse into the future when they see one.Better Call Saul is 99.1 percent pure. There will be moments of "fan service;" As Better Call Saul navigates its way through established canon, recognizable faces will reemerge, references will be made. But evidenced in the show's two-night premiere, nods to Breaking Bad will be reframed and vacuum sealed. Your clueless friend will have no problem encountering a vicious old friend that wreaks havoc on Saul's hired hands, inciting a grisly scene of sentence bargaining that stands up against the greatest moments in Breaking Bad history. The encounter isn't building to what happens in Breaking Bad. The show focuses on Saul, the writers displaying serious diligence. Chalk it up to Gilligan's spin-off acumen. He sliced off a chunk of X-Files and grew the short-lived Lone Gunman in a petri dish. He does the same for Better Call Saul.Your clueless friend also has the advantage. Expectations for Better Call Saul are through the roof—and could drop like a hydrofluoric acid-filled bathtub. Breaking Bad was designed to accelerate and escalate, mirroring its methamphetamine McGuffin. Sharp turns and cliffhangers turned viewers into addicts. There's a rambling vibe to Better Call Saul that could give Breaking Bad devotees whiplash. Odenkirk flops around like a fish on a dock. It's still meticulous, with an even wrier voice, more Coen Brothers-y than any of Breaking Bad's screwball moments. Those in the dark will take no time adjusting; in fact, if your clueless friend is a CBS procedural type, Better Call Saul is a perfect fit, with many scenes clocking time in the courtroom and Saul's law "office" (inconveniently stuffed into the back of a nail salon). Breaking Bad was a show about action, whereas Saul is about words, hashing out plans, and negotiating. Jurisprudence is the new science, bitch.So with a few days left before Better Call Saul premieres, be that whiny guy once more. Tell your clueless friends, yes, they can partake in the small screen's next big cultural event. Or they can wait … the entire season will hit Netflix the day after the finale. They can always catch up then, right?