// Exclusives //Music video director and documentarian Kevin Kerslake is a fascinating man to talk to. His breadth of knowledge across the industry and fiercely independent mindset, despite working with some of the biggest rock acts of the 1990s, has positioned him ...// Lists //Justin Bieber and his crew made a stir over the weekend when they appeared at a high school prom in California to surprise the students in attendance. The result was a student body gone mad, resulting in one of the more memorable proms of all time ...// Most Shared //Mixed feelings at Music Times as Universal has indicated that it's planning another sequel for the Fast and Furious franchise, despite the death of star Paul Walker. Vin Diesel, Walker's friend and costar throughout the franchise, discussed the ...Love & Hip Hop Atlanta might be one of those shows that not everyone admits to watching, but make no mistake, people are tuning in- in droves. The latest season premiered last Monday and the ratings were absolutely insane, with more than 6 million ...Modern Germany has been known for its affinity for techno. As the wall was coming down and communism receded from Eastern Europe, Berliners were united after 24 years of separation and techno helped spur this along. Now the country is getting its own ...If this is what The Voice top 10 has to offer, well, it's going to be easy to trim it down this week (or so it should be). The theme of the night wasn't superstar producers but inconsistency(though guest mentor appearances from Mark Ronson, Dave ...Brandon Flowers on The Killers: Band Needs Drive, Brotherhood for New AlbumYahoo is plotting major moves for the music industry. The tech giant announced at a presentation for advertisers this week that they will officially be going ahead with the Simon Cowell-led "Ultimate DJ" talent competition to find the next big DJ. It ...Madeon Shines as Adventure Tour Touches Down at Webster HallBrandon Flowers on The Killers: Band Needs Drive, Brotherhood for New AlbumBrandon Flowers may be prepping his second solo album The Desired Effect, but he's still talking about his band the Killers. In a new interview, the "Can't Deny My Love" singer opened up about his indie rock band, admitting that they've lacked a ...Instagram Launches @Music, Showcase of New Acts; Featuring Exclusives from Questlove, Until The Ribbon Breaks'A Coffin in Egypt' received its Chicago premiere Saturday night at the Harris Theater, with mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade in the starring role. The new opera by Ricky Ian Gordon is enlivened by von Stade’s emotionally moving portrayal of a ...75 Years of Al Pacino: The 'Scarface' Actor and Music, from Madonna to Hip-Hop CultureClassicalite Q&A with R.B. SchlatherKendrick Lamar Talks Hidden 'To Pimp A Butterfly' CD Surprise, Tupac, The American Dream, The Future Of His Generation & MoreKendrick Lamar released his second major label effort, To Pimp A Butterfly, last month and has since dropped the video for the song "King Kunta." The Compton rapper has given a number of interviews about the project, but there are still many ...Alabama Shakes and 'Sound & Color' brought an air of independence to the Billboard 200 this week, as the album became the first independent label (ATO) release to top the charts during 2015. It was easily the band's bestselling week ever, moving ...Instagram Launches @Music, Showcase of New Acts; Featuring Exclusives from Questlove, Until The Ribbon BreaksAlabama Shakes and 'Sound & Color' brought an air of independence to the Billboard 200 this week, as the album became the first independent label (ATO) release to top the charts during 2015. It was easily the band's bestselling week ever, moving ...Miranda Lambert 'Two of a Crime' Review: New Song from 'Hot Pursuit' Soundtrack Gets Latin FlavorMixtape Monday: This Week's Newest Tracks For SharingEach and every week we put together our favorite tracks that had premiered a few days prior into one magnificent mixtape to share with you and your friends. This time around we've decided to share new songs from Britney Spears, Mumford & Sons, Father ...75 Years of Al Pacino: The 'Scarface' Actor and Music, from Madonna to Hip-Hop CultureMumford & Sons Hates Its Name But Don't Plan on A Change; Discuss Cell Phone Ban at ConcertsAlabama Shakes and 'Sound & Color' brought an air of independence to the Billboard 200 this week, as the album became the first independent label (ATO) release to top the charts during 2015. It was easily the band's bestselling week ever, moving ...The Latino Audience and 'Furious 7': Did Romeo Santos Inspire Fans to See Record-Breaking Film?Lopez to Deliver Musical Tribute on What Would've Been the Singers 44th BirthdayNashville didn't become known as "Music City" for no good reason: Apart from its role in the history of country, bluegrass and rock 'n' roll, the city hosts a number of iconic venues for traveling performers and tourists to swing by when in town. ...// Shuffle //Alabama Shakes and 'Sound & Color' brought an air of independence to the Billboard 200 this week, as the album became the first independent label (ATO) release to top the charts during 2015. It was easily the band's bestselling week ever, moving ...With the recent string of consolidation taking place in the United States live event space over the past few years; the list of independent promoters has dwindled to a smaller and smaller number. Bonnaroo has remained one of the largest independent ...Instagram has caught on to how popular musicians are in the social media world and has responded with @Music, an account sponsored by the service that will shine light on rising acts and give exclusive peeks at established performers such as ...