Buddha Devil WorshipBy David J. Stewart | September 2011Proverb 16:25, “There is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death.”Like deceived Roman Catholics, Buddhists claim and are taught that they do not worship Buddha, saying that they only “pray” to his statue. The truth of the matter (as you will see in the numerous photos on this webpage) is that Buddhists do bow in worship and praise of Buddha.In Matthew 4:10 Jesus told the Devil, “Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him alone shalt thous serve.” The word “worship” here is the Greek word proskuneo, meaning “to kiss, like a dog licking his master’s hand); to fawn or crouch to, that is, (literally or figuratively) prostrate oneself in homage (do reverence to, adore).” By this very definition, Roman Catholics do indeed worship statues of the Virgin Mary and Buddhists do in fact worship statues of Buddha. Both religions denounce that Mary nor Buddha are God; yet they worship these historical figures as God.Buddhism is of the Devil, teachings for doctrines the commandments of men (Mark 7:9). There are an estimated 300,000,000 followers of Buddhism around the world.This false religion is becoming increasingly popular in America because people will not tolerate sound Biblical doctrine anymore. This was foretold in 2nd Timothy 4:3, “For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching ears.” Buddhism does not place any absolute demands on its followers. Buddhism tolerates all other religions, does not contend for its own faith, and fits in perfectly with the New World Order's homogenous One-World religion.In fact, Buddhists are worshipping devils by bowing and adoring statues of Buddha. The Bible strictly prohibits worshipping or even the act of BOWING to any image of anything. We read in Exodus 20:4-5 (commonly referred to as the 2nd of the Ten Commandments), “Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me.”How much clearer could the Bible be? It is the sin of idolatry to praise statues and images. Those fools who claim to only pray to statues, but not to worship them, are in utter denial of the truth. Catholics commonly use the illustration of a picture of one's family that is carried around in a wallet or purse; however, I've never seen anyone praying to a photo of their loved ones. Catholics are LIARS, just as Buddhists are LIARS, just as the Devil is the father of all LIARS (John 8:44). Jesus Christ is THE TRUTH (John 14:6).Here, from their own words, are some of the basic philosophies of Buddhism...• What is Buddhism?Buddhism is a religion to about 300 million people around the world. The word comes from 'budhi', 'to awaken'. It has its origins about 2,500 years ago when Siddhartha Gotama, known as the Buddha, was himself awakened (enlightened) at the age of 35.• Is Buddhism a Religion?To many, Buddhism goes beyond religion and is more of a philosophy or 'way of life'. It is a philosophy because philosophy 'means love of wisdom' and the Buddhist path can be summed up as:(1) to lead a moral life, (2) to be mindful and aware of thoughts and actions, and (3) to develop wisdom and understanding.• How Can Buddhism Help Me?Buddhism explains a purpose to life, it explains apparent injustice and inequality around the world, and it provides a code of practice or way of life that leads to true happiness.• Why is Buddhism Becoming Popular?Buddhism is becoming popular in western countries for a number of reasons, The first good reason is Buddhism has answers to many of the problems in modern materialistic societies. It also includes (for those who are interested) a deep understanding of the human mind (and natural therapies) which prominent psychologists around the world are now discovering to be both very advanced and effective.• Who Was the Buddha?Siddhartha Gotama was born into a royal family in Lumbini, now located in Nepal, in 563 BC. At 29, he realised that wealth and luxury did not guarantee happiness, so he explored the different teachings religions and philosophies of the day, to find the key to human happiness. After six years of study and meditation he finally found 'the middle path' and was enlightened. After enlightenment, the Buddha spent the rest of his life teaching the principles of Buddhism — called the Dhamma, or Truth — until his death at the age of 80.• Was the Buddha a God?He was not, nor did he claim to be. He was a man who taught a path to enlightenment from his own experience.• Do Buddhists Worship Idols?Buddhists sometimes pay respect to images of the Buddha, not in worship, nor to ask for favours. A statue of the Buddha with hands rested gently in its lap and a compassionate smile reminds us to strive to develop peace and love within ourselves. Bowing to the statue is an expression of gratitude for the teaching.In other words, Buddhism is an alternative religion for people who reject Christianity. Buddhism teaches that man's suffering is caused by his own selfish cravings and dislikes, and if humanity can change its way of thinking, than NIRVANA (a peaceful state of rest and tranquility) can be achieved amidst the problems of this world. It all boils down to mind control; but this does not address the wicked heart of mankind, which the Bible says is desperately wicked and deceitful above all else. Jeremiah 17:9, “The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?” Buddhism attempts to reform the human mind, without addressing the sinful heart that cannot be tamed.No wonder modern secular psychology gravitates towards this eastern religion. Modern psychology is rooted in humanism, evolution, atheism and heathenism. The concept of sin is not recognized. The need for a Savior, and the precious gift of eternal life offered in Christ Jesus are not recognized. Modern psychology attempts to repair the mind and heart through education, reformation and rehabilitation (or psychiatrists and all their drugs); while totally ignoring the spirit of man, which is “dead in trespasses and sins” (Ephesians 2:1). Hebrews 4:12 clearly distinguishes between “the dividing asunder of soul and spirit” in man, and plainly teaches that ONLY the Word of God can accomplish this miracle. Oh that people would love the Words of God!Isaiah 42:8, “I am the LORD: that is my name: and my glory will I not give to another, neither my praise to graven images.” —King James BibleBuddhism is of the Devil, satanic in origin. Buddha was just a man, a so-called “prophet” in the 6th century B.C., and founder of the Buddhist religion. Sadly, Buddha is burning in Hell this moment, having died in his sins without Jesus Christ.The Bible teaches that sacrificing to idols is synonymous with sacrificing to devils. That is to say, demons thrive on idol worship. You're literally fellowshipping with devils, just as 1st Corinthians 10:20 warns. Idol worship has always been associated with Satanism and the occult. Aleister Crowley performed many magick rituals to conjure up demons and obtain Satanic power in this world. Church of Satan founder, Anton LaVey has also written books on how to perform sex rituals and perform magick ceremonies to invoke demonic powers. Let me tell you something, I have the God of the universe watching over me as His child, a believer in Jesus Christ my Lord. If God be for me, who can be against me? 1st John 4:4, “Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.” Romans 8:9 teaches that every Christian believer has the Spirit of Christ living within their body.You can keep all your devil powers and satanic glory, because it will end at the grave. Satan always pats with counterfeit money. All of Satan's apples have worms. Buddhists are very accepting and tolerant toward everything, including homosexuality. The Dalai Lama said, “The ultimate authority must always rest with the individual's own reason and critical analysis,” meaning that if it makes sense to you, that's all you need.The Dalai Lama shares the same philosophy as satanist Aleister Crowley...This is the prevailing demonic spirit in Hollywood and throughout the wicked world today... If it feels good, do it! Buddhism is a New World Order religion, occult inspired, intended to lead the masses into worship of the Antichrist when he comes. Buddhism is synonymous with New Age. The Bible is not tolerant of other religions. In fact, salvation is not found in ANY religion; but rather, in a person—The Lord Jesus Christ! You need HIS RIGHTEOUSNESS!!!I hear all these celebrity authors, comedians, actors, and singers blaspheming the God of the Bible, but Judgment Day is coming my friend, for all of us (Hebrews 9:27; Romans 14:10-12).1st Corinthians 10:19-21, “What say I then? that the idol is any thing, or that which is offered in sacrifice to idols is any thing? But I say, that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to devils, and not to God: and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils. Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot be partakers of the Lord's table, and of the table of devils.”Hollywood megastar, 81-year old Clint Eastwood says he's not into New Age, but he does believe in meditation and for that reason has always liked the Buddhism religion.‘I was always respectful of people who were deeply religious because I always felt that if they gave themselves to it, then it had to be important to them. But if you can go through life without it, that’s OK, too. It’s whatever suits you.‘I do believe in self-help. I’m not a New Age person but I do believe in meditation, and for that reason I’ve always liked the Buddhist religion. When I’ve been to Japan I’ve been to Buddhist temples and meditated and I found that rewarding.Those people who idolize rock stars, worship celebrities, bow to statues, or pray to images are all committing idolatry. God is a jealous God (Exodus 20:4-5) and commands for all mankind to worship Him, for He is our Creator and is worthy of our worship, adoration love and praise. There is none like unto the God of the Bible, the God of true Israel. Buddhism is a demonic false religion rooted in the rot of humanism and human pride. Buddha is still dead, lying in his grave; but Jesus Christ has RISEN triumphant over death (1st Corinthians 15:1-4), and has ascended (Acts 1:10-11), and is sitting on the right-hand of the Father in Heaven (Colossians 3:1), and intercedes as every believer's Highpriest (Hebrews 4:15-16). The Bible wonderfully proclaims...Romans 8:32-34, “He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth. Who is he that condemneth? It is Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.”If you are into Buddhism, I plead with you to forsake your evil ways and come to Jesus Christ to be truly saved. Actor and movie director, Clint Eastwood speaks highly of Buddhism, admitting that he doesn't know his right-hand from his left in spiritual matters. I say to you truthfully from God's Word, Jesus Christ is the Son of God, the Christ!!! John 20:31, “But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name.”