Affordable Care Act Open Enrollment: Tips for Choosing the Right Plan!*This is a sponsored post written by me. Of course all opinions are 100% my own.*Healthcare is a hot topic right now as the Affordable Care Act Open Enrollment is in full effect. This is the first year in which you must have a healthcare or you will have to pay a penalty. Open enrollment ends February 15, 2015 so it’s important to do your shopping around and pick the best plan before then.My family has health insurance through my husbands employer so we don’t need to purchase separate insurance… However, I’ve heard several people say they’ve looked to see what the government insurance plans have to offer and they weren’t pleased. Their monthly premium was decent however their deductible was high, so I wanted to see for myself.I went online to United Healthcare to see what I could find, since we have insurance through them now. I filled in the information they asked for and clicked “calculate savings.” To be honest, I was kind of shocked to see that I could be eligible for a credit up to $412 per month ($4,944 a year) having an annual income of $71,000 for a family of 5.I was almost positive it would tell me that we would qualify for no extra help. I’m intrigued.I was given 10 plans to choose from at different costs all offering similar things… However, the deductible changed significantly in the plans… The lower the deductible the higher the premium. The cheapest premium I can get for a family of 5 with 2 of us being smokers is $432.05 per month (after credit, regularly $844.05).So I went searching… Since I have UHC insurance already I looked for the plan similar to ours. I found one with the same deductibles but the out of pocket costs for the ACA plan was a bit higher while ours is lower. If we went with the ACA plan it would cost my family $578.67 per month… However, now it costs right around $500. So we are saving a bit.BUT… Our plan has $0 co-pay and we pay 0% for preventative care but, we also have to pay 20% out of pocket after our deductible is reached. And for our family our deductible is $5,200! However, with the ACA plan we would pay 0% after the deductible was met.So overall, we could pay $78 more a month to get the extra 20% covered but that’s only with the subsidies.We personally had the option to pick between 2 plans this year, one with a co-pay and lower deductible vs a plan with no co-pay and a higher deductible and we choose the cheaper of the 2 (no-copy, higher deductible) because it’s what we could afford. Sometimes, it’s not easy to pick based on affordability when it comes to your health but it’s what’s necessary to keep yourself covered and food on the table.Older people have a few more options, also will have the ability to choose between a higher/lower deductible and monthly premium. If I was 55 years old,smoker making $18,000 a year I could get a plan for as low as $97 per month with a $4,900 deductible or $315 per month with a $250 deductible.Know the terms. It’s easy to get caught up in all of the choices and make decisions based on the monthly premium amount. However, cheaper insurance isn’t always the best. It’s always best to look at a few things when purchasing health insurance: Monthly Premium, Out-of-Pocket Maximum, Deductible and Co-Pay!Monthly Premium – How much you’re going to pay a month to be insured.Out-of-Pocket Maximum – How much you will have to pay out of your pocket for the year in medical expenses.Deductible – How much you have to pay before your health insurance will cover anything.Co-Pay – How much you will have to pay each time you see a doctor or fill a prescription.Know what’s covered and what is not. Look at the summary of benefits and see what is covered and what is not. Take a look at your health, see where you’re at, what you need now or may need. If you have mental health concerns check to make sure the plan you’re looking at covers those types of visits, not all do, and it would be awful to choose a plan that didn’t cover specific needs. (mental health used as an example)Know your Health. If you’re healthy and low on funds it may be in your best interest to pick the lower monthly premium with the higher deductible. But keep in mind that should something arise, you will have a bigger cost to cover before your insurance kicks in to pay. On the flip side, if you have health issues it would probably be in your best interest to pick a higher monthly premium with a lower deductible so your bills are being paid sooner.Know what you can afford. No matter which way you slice it, you have to be able to afford the plan you choose. Don’t put yourself in the red choosing the “best” healthcare plan. Pick a plan that is realistic for your needs but also realistic for your budget.What are your concerns with the healthcare plans you’ve found available? Keep in mind open enrollment ends 2/15/15!*I’m not a insurance provider, so this post is meant as informational only. Check with your insurance agency to verify any information and how it will relate to you or your family.*