Horizontal Analysis by E.M. Leya and Nicole ColvilleTitle: Horizontal AnalysisSeries: Sinful TemptationAuthor: E.M. Leya & Nicole ColvilleGenre: Contemporary RomanceLength: Novel (346 pages)Publisher: E.L. Publishing (October 30th, 2014)Heat Level: ExplicitHeart Rating: ♥♥♥♥4 HeartsBlurb: When Zachary is sent to London to audit a very high profile company, the last thing he expected was to meet the man of his dreams on the flight there.Killian’s life has been hell for the last few years, but meeting Zach is the breath of fresh air he needed, even if he is half his age. He didn’t expect things between the two of them to escalate as fast as they do.One night of passion isn’t enough, but there is danger in pursuing more, especially when fate throws them a curveball they never expected, and with Killian’s ex ready for the attack, they could lose everything, still, with the chemistry between them, staying apart isn’t an option.With an attraction like neither has experienced, they are willing to risk it all, fighting the world around them that wants to keep them apart. Challenged in ways the two couldn’t imagine possible, they must figure out how to hold on to something they know they might never find again.Review: I am becoming an E.M. Leya fan but have never read any books by Nicole. I could definitely tell a difference in the writing in this book when compared to the other E.M. books I’ve read however, the writing is still good. I did feel that some important parts of the story were a bit glossed over but other times I felt the story was a bit long.If you are not a fan of the insta-attraction, this is not the book for you. These 2 meet in an airplane and pretty much from the word go they are attracted to each other (and sexually). In the little bit of time they spend together on the plane – the flight is long but most of it is spent sleeping – they feel a connection…there is something they must pursue.Zach is young and doesn’t have a lot of experience with men. He has been a pretty serious person through high school and college and didn’t make time for personal relationships. He is instantly taken by Killian’s sex appeal and charisma. Zach lacks self-confidence and has a hard time believing someone as established as Killian would take an interest in him.Killian feels ‘pulled’ to Zach from the moment he sees him. He feels an instant connection he didn’t feel with his ex whom he spent 4 years with and just broke up with. This connection is too intriguing to pass up.Almost immediately, they meet a pretty major stumbling block but decide to power through it and pursue a long-term relationship. In addition to this stumbling block, they live in different countries so they decide to make the most of the time Zach is in London deciding if they can take the relationship further once he goes back to the US.There is quite a bit of angst throughout the book but their love seems to be strong. They encounter their last major issue with only about 20 pages left in the book and it’s a doozy.Overall, the book kept me pretty interested from the get-go and there is a lot of emotion in it. I’m interested to see who book 2 is about…whether it’s existing characters or new characters we’ve yet to meet.