This article was written in 2009. I found it applicable to repost today, six years later...Russian Foreign Ministry sources are reporting in the Kremlin today that US President Barak Obama has informed Prime Minister Putin and Chinese President Hu of his intentions to “totally takedown” the private banking system known as the US Federal Reserve that since its dubious creation in 1913 has had complete control over the printing of all US money in what many detractors have long stated was in violation of the American Constitution.Virtually unknown to the American people about the Federal Reserve Bank is that it is comprised of 12 branches that are private corporations whose ownership is shrouded in secrecy and is the largest holder of United States debt said to be in excess of over $4 Trillion.Fueling Obama’s growing anger over the Federal Reserve Bank, these reports continue, has been their arrogant refusal to reply to the many questions being asked of them by the United States Congress over what has happened to over $8 Trillion of US taxpayer money, and which caused US Lawmakers to take the unprecedented step of issuing a subpoena yesterday to force the Federal Reserve to turn over internal documents related to Bank of America's acquisition of Merrill Lynch.The Federal Reserve Bank, in a desperate bid to hold on to its power over the Untied States, has hired one of Washington D.C.’s top lobbyists, Linda Robertson, who curiously, headed the Washington lobbying office of Enron Corporation which became one of the largest corporate bankruptcies in US history after they cheated investors out of a staggering $11 billion.More ominously though, with Obama’s plan to destroy the Federal Reserve Bank he becomes only the second US President to attempt to break this insidious creatures stranglehold over the United States after President John F. Kennedy, on June 4, 1963, signed Executive Order No. 11110 to strip the Federal Reserve Bank of its power to loan money to the government at interest.Five short months later, President Kennedy was assassinated, and upon assuming office, newly sworn in President Lyndon Johnson recalled all of the US notes Kennedy had put into circulation and making President Ronald Reagan the next to challenge the power of the Federal Reserve, but which abruptly ended with his near assassinationon March 30, 1981 by the hand of the crazed son of former CIA Director, and then Vice President, George Bush’s closest friends and oil business backer John Hinckley Sr.President Reagan had pitted himself against the Federal Reserve over their refusal to lower the crushing interests rates they had imposed upon the American people during the US recession of 1980-1982 which was their greatest since the Great Depression, but after his near death quietly signed into law on September 13, 1982, H.R.6128 which became Public Law No: 97-258 that was written on the behalf of the Federal Reserve by little known US Congressman Peter Wallace Rodino Jr., with no co-sponsors, and made it illegal for any future American President to print on money for the American people.But, according to Russian legal experts, even though Public Law No: 97-258 does appear on its surface to constrain President Obama; President Kennedy’s Executive Order No. 11110 has never been repealed by any American President making a showdown “inevitable” between Obama and the Federal Reserve before the US Supreme Court, and which Obama has recently nominated US Federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor to America’s highest court where she will become the 6th Roman Catholic Justiceand giving the Vatican near total control of US monetary policy.And, in this epic battle between the Vatican backed Obama and the Rothschild backed Federal Reserve, we can plainly see that the 1849 secret agreements between these two monstrous powers that have enslaved the West is nearing its catastrophic end, and with no clear winner to be seen but an entire World being destroyed in its titanic aftermath.This cannot be said of Putin, however, who immediately upon learning of Obama’s “battle to the death” with the Federal Reserve joined China and Brazil and ordered Russia’s Central Bank to begin divesting itself of US Federal Reserve holdings and replace them with International Monetary Fund bonds as the United States is about to be crushed with what London’s Fleet Street News is calling “The Triple Crown of Financial Catastrophes” which can very well see the complete destruction of America.And, most sadly of all, the American people themselves continue to remain the only people in the World not knowing about what is soon to happen to them. One indeed wonders what it will take for them to ever wake up from their long sleep.I found this article from last year quite interesting and aprapos. Worthy of sharingOctober 5, 2014David Cameron in his speech to the UN in September described how ordinary members of the public who look at alternative news and conspiracy websites will be treated in exactly the same way as ISIS. Killed by the SAS!So how do you turn ordinary people of your own country into a serious terrorist threat “hellbent on the destruction of democracy”. It's easy and yes the global manipulators have done it before, fact!Remember CND? (Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament) During the nineteen eighties the Governments were so concerned about the affect CND were having on the general population regarding nuclear weapons disarmament that the Governments decided that something had to be done to change public opinion. They needed to create the perception that CND was a violent terrorist organisation, stop the protests and to stop middle class people from joining CND and this is how they did it.What is CND? If you go to the website this how CND describes itself. "CND campaigns non-violently to rid the world of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction and to create genuine security for future generations.The NSA (National Security Agency) is tracking Americans' social connections, their travel partners, and locations at various times, according to an extensive New York Times report that cites documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.For decades, the intelligence body known as the National Security Agency thrived in such secrecy that it was jokingly referred to as "No Such Agency." NSA mathematicians and computer scientists cracked the computer codes used by the nation's enemies, allowing the United States to be prepared to combat real threats.Advances in technology, changes to laws in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and a culture of unaccountability have turned the NSA from conducting foreign surveillance to systematically collecting information about Americans' private communications.Prior to the public release of the existence of the Presidential "Kill List", Secret units comprised of Military, Ex-Military, Intelligence and Ex-Intelligence officers operated under the control of a secret organization within the Federal Government. These units are referred to in the media as "Death Squads"A death squad is an armed group that conducts extrajudicial killings or forced disappearances of persons for the purposes of political repression, genocide, or revolutionary terror. These killings are often conducted in ways meant to ensure the secrecy of the killers' identities. Death squads are often, but not exclusively, associated with police states, one party states, or military dictatorships. It is not unheard of, however, for democratic governments to form death squads.Death squads may have the support of domestic or foreign governments (see state terrorism). They may comprise a secret police force, paramilitary groups, or government soldiers and policemen. When death squads are not controlled by the state, they may consist of insurgent forces of Privatized Security companies or organized crime.The following is the story of one such Death Squad Leader subsequently finding himself in prison on the charge of Treason.Gene "Chip" Tatum joined the Air Force Special Force as a forward air controller in the early 70's, at age 19. He went to US Army Special Forces school and was assigned to South-East Asia as Airman First Class (A1C) in December 1970, he was assigned as a radio operator on a Forward Air Control (FAC) aircraft attached to Task Force Alpha (secretly under operational control of the CIA, but on paper it looked like it was under the 56th Special Operations Wing, and under the major command, US Pacific Air Forces (PACAF), under the Joint Chief of Staff and Secretary of Defense.56th Special Operations Wing and Task Force Alpha were operating out of Nakhon Phanom Royal Thai Air Force Base Phnom Pehn, Thailand. As to how much of a secret this was I don't know, but it appears the US did whatever we could to keep our operations there secret. I have noted more about 56th Special Operations Wing at the end of this article.Shortly after being assigned to Thailand, Airman Chip Tatum, assigned to a task force code-named, Team Red Rock. The team was composed of Airman Tatum, eight US Army Green Berets, three US Navy SEALs and two CIA paramilitary officer or (aka direct action) or contract agents/soldiers (a total of 14 US men) that was under operational control directly from the White House.In 1991, President Bush bristled at a flurry of news accounts that questioned the business ethics of three of his sons. Bush said the news media should be ashamed of the ''muckraking'' they have done into his children's business affairs. ''All of a sudden, for strange reasons people are trying to suggest that these kids are less than honest, and it really burns me up,'' Bush said. ''There's no validity to it. They go around and around the track trying to find dirt, and I don't like it,'' he said. ''The media ought to be ashamed of itself for what they're doing.'' Bush did not cite specifics. "The media ought to be ashamed of itself for what they're doing," Bush complained. "They [the boys] have a right to make a living, and their relationships are appropriate," added a White House spokeswoman in June 1992.I guess it seems only fair to take a look at his family. Over the years stories have periodically surfaced chronicling the individual business antics of the ex- president's sons -- each riding comfortably through life in the slipstream of his father's growing power and influence.Although a handful of good reporters have diligently been digging through business records for years, something has been missing: an overview that "connects the dots" in the myriad deals that have been examined, making it clear that cashing in on influence has become a pattern of behavior extending through the first family's.Instead of criticizing reporters, the ex-president might more wisely begin listening to those in government who have watched his sons with mounting worry. A years ago, I sat across a desk from a Secret Service agent who had been assigned to Bush-family security. I rattled off the names of a half-dozen questionable characters who had found their way into business deals with the Bush boys. How had these characters been allowed to get even close to the ex-president's sons?The agent slumped back in his chair and sighed. "We warn them," he said in a whisper. "But that's all we can do. We can't stop these kids from associating with someone they want to be with. All we can do after warning them is to sweep these guys with metal detectors when they come around."What follows is a list of what should be a fathers concerns about his sons.I have been extremely disturbed lately and I’ll be damned if I could figure out why. Yesterday I was hit by an epiphany. Gnawing at the back of my mind was the possibility that after all of the information put out by those involved with past presidential families and their misdeeds, the public just may allow the return of one of the families to the White House!DON’T DO IT!I was fortunate (or unfortunate – depends how you look at it) enough to work for every president since LBJ. And in such capacities I have seen a lot and have been involved in a lot. I can tell you without hesitation that our presidents and their administrations are unsurpassed at misleading and scamming the public for whom they supposedly serve.I won’t go into the full details here, as I want to hone in on those who are seeking to return to the position of Commander and Chief – Flim FlamThe Clintons and their mysterious circle of death (I have counted 101 to date, but I am sure this will rise as the announcement and run begins)The Bush Crime Family, their Drugs, Guns, Uranium, Money Laundering, and war enterprises. Now let’s talk about a circle of death. We can attribute all of the deaths, on both sides, to their phony war on terror regime.WHERE ARE YOUR MINDS?DON’T EVEN CONSIDER IT!You think it is bad now with world events? I can tell you that what we have now, pales to what your future will hold if you allow them to return.I thought that Streisand hit it right with her song – So I added a few faces to the song . Listen to the words…I have chosen to republish this article from “The Intercept”, as it somewhat represents how the CIA and others of our government agencies and proprietary companies can come together and cover one another’s misdeeds. Gary Webb was in fact the target of government retribution.The story of Oliver North’s direct involvement in the manufacturing of cocaine during the 80’s in Nicaragua is well documented in the media, congressional testimony, and federal court testimony.The error in the charges and ensuing investigation was so slight that most of us would not realize the cover-up. The scope of the investigation outlined is as follows:"Was theCIA complicit into introducing “crack” cocaine into theUnited States?"By restricting the scope of the investigation as such, the results were predetermined.TheCIA was not complicit in introducing “crack” cocaine into the United States. We shipped Cocaine!Legal Defense FundSubscribe To The . . . Black Ops ReporterJoin the Black Ops Reporter today and receive the following benefits. Publish articles on the Black Ops Reporter, receive our monthly newsletters, and, take advantage of member discounts on all BOR products. Only $19.00 for your 90 day subscription. Many more benefits are scheduled to come online.MemberWelcome to the Black Ops Reporter. Membership includes access to our Bi-Weekly Newsletter and valuable discounts to our products. Price is only $19.00 for your 90 day subscription.