The name Nicaragua comes from a combination of two words, "nicarao" and "agua". The Nicarao are the Indian tribe that were occupying the shores of Lake Nicaragua when the Spaniards arrived in the 1500's. "Agua" is the Spanish word for water.HEY! Look they sent out the first batch of people for the winter season! Follow the Instagram and keep updated on what's happening around the world! Eventually I'll show up in June! ;) http://instagram.com/givevolunteersThis trip is beyond exciting for me. My life dream is to travel the world and help it out in any way I can. I have done a trip like this before where I went to China and helped with children over there. It was more than I could ever imagine, and it sparked my love for great adevntures. This trip is the beginning of a lifelong journey. Here I am, blessed with another opportunity to share my love around the world! I will have the opportnuity to give to others what I already have. I will be building schools for chilren in Nicaragua, but there is a twist on these schools....They are sustainable because they are built out of trash from the surrounding areas i.e. WATER BOTTLES! The water bottles are filled with sand, and then cemented in like bricks. Voila! Instant, sustainable, and useful schools! Building upon the whole school aspect, we even get to help at some schools! We will teach English to the surrounding Creole speaking children! Did I ever mention that I LOVE CHILDREN!? I have worked with children from around the world, and this is just an extension of my love and passion. Not the whole trip is all work though. I get to experience the culture and build upon myself. I doubt that if I go to Nicaragua I will come back the same. I will change for the better and follow my dreams. Can you help me get there? :)So why am I paying for this trip if it is just volunteer work? Well, the expenses are my flights to get there, and the materials needed to build these schools and to get around! That's about it! Nothing about this is profit! That's the beauty of it all.Campaign Not Ready There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution, it's a simple fix! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account.