Family and food! Home, where the kettle is always on... Chez Maximka is a joking reference to the grand classic restaurant Maxim's as well as my younger son's second name.Friday, 30 January 2015Win a Morphy Richards Elipta Traditional Kettle (E: 2 March 2015)As you might have noticed, my blog slogan is "Home, where the kettle is always on". I do love my tea, and our kettle is in constant use. I'm inviting you all to a virtual tea party, and giving you a chance to win a Morphy Richards Elipta Traditional Kettle in red. This stylish kettle features a 360° cordless base and a removable limescale filter. I have had a Morphy Richards kettle for years, though not an Elipta.This prize has been kindly provided by House of Fraser, which offers an impressive selection of products in their kettles section.Morphy Richards Elipta Traditional KettleTo be in with a chance of winning, please fill in the Rafflecopter gadget.T&Cs:Only the first step is mandatory: all you need is answer the question by leaving a comment (if you login as Anonymous, please leave you Twitter name or Facebook name, so that I could identify you, I do not suggest leaving the email address in the comment)All the other steps are optional, you don't have to do them all. All it takes to win is just one entry. Only one entry per person is allowed (however, you can tweet daily to increase your chances). The giveaway is open to the UK residents only. Once the Rafflecopter picks the winner, I will check if they have done what was requested. I will contact the winner, if they do not reply within 28 days, the prize will be allocated to another person. I will pass on the winner's' details to House of Fraser PR who will dispatch the prize. The giveaway ends on 2 March 2015 (midnight).About MeWhat defines me? My family, art and creativity, passion for books and cooking. I'm a mother of two lovely boys (13 and 4 years old). My older son has autism, and life is a constant challenge. But having a child with a disability has taught us to appreciate simple pleasures of life, like catching raindrops with a tongue or having whole five minutes uninterrupted to have a cup of tea, enjoying the world where the smell and taste and all things sensory become more acute. Cooking for me is a labour of love and a creative process as well as a form of an escapism.