Obama's Love of Islam is Costing us a WarHaving turned the corner on the last half of his final presidential term, and having embarrassingly lost control of the Senate and the House, President Obama is now a man on a mission. He has lost all sense of pretense regarding his affection, if you will, for Islam, he is showing his true colors regarding his innate dislike and affiliation with Israel, and he is, by and large, declaring war on conservatives everywhere. He has separated himself from orthodox government and the Christian religion, and is virtually proclaiming his way, in nearly everything, is the only way. And as he grows stronger, his alliance with Islam grows more powerful every day. He won’t even meet with the leader of Israel, but he lunches with Al Sharpton and Black Muslim leaders. I’m reminded of a quote by Obama while addressing the United Nations: “The future must not belong to those who slander the Prophet of Islam.”Most significantly, as if representative of this “new man,” Obama is in a constant, frantic race to release the remaining detainees of Gitmo. Hidden behind some sort of political and personal righteousness he is shuffling murderers and bombers out of the doors as fast as he can. But none of this self-righteousness can deny the fact that, of the 88 Guantanamo detainees he has recently released, U.S. intelligence authorities report that at least a third have returned to terrorism (and that is low-balling it). Simply put, the people we had incarcerated, bad people, that we had in custody, have once again become viable enemies -- leaders of al Qaeda and the Taliban.Reminds me of another quote by our nation’s leader: “The sweetest sound I know is the Muslim call to prayer.”Speaking of quotes, I’m particularly fond of his latest – that “ISIS is not an Islamic group.” In a recent speech, Obama said flatly that ISIS, which is trying to install a caliphate in the Middle East, "is not Islamic." He didn't say they are perverting their religion; he said they're not even part of that religion. Suggesting that ISIS’ violence and its aim to install a caliphate have absolutely nothing to do with the Islamic faith, is nothing short of bald-faced propaganda.There are only two scenarios here: our president is either wall-eyed, blindly stupid, or he is falsifying obvious information in the process of protecting Islamic extremism. I’ll let you be the judge.Here is a man who found nothing wrong with a mosque being built at Ground Zero. He calls the Fort Hood shootings “workplace violence” instead of Islamic terrorism, and here is a man who, in his own musings, said, “I will stand with the Muslims if the political winds shift in an ugly direction,” Throughout his life his mentors have been communists or Muslims, leaving him sorely deficient in an appreciation for this nation and in somewhat of disdain for the Christian doctrine. Here is a man who recently said in a speech: “Whatever we once were, we are no longer a Christian nation.”Even more frightening is how effective this subtle takeover of America, (engineered by a handful of ardent and bitter leftists and ignored by our president) is progressing. Using the techniques of Lenin, Mao, and Castro they have learned that when you control the information and the media, you control the nation, and Mr. Obama is very nearly there. With the exception of the Fox News organization, this administration owns the tongues of all the major television networks and the majority of the larger newspapers in the U.S.In addition, while the Web and its most powerful mediums such as Google began as nothing less than remarkable platforms for communication and the dissemination of knowledge, most of these platforms are deteriorating into devices for liberal propaganda. Worse yet, the truth-determining web organizations who claim to be “non-biased” -- Politifact.com, Factcheck.com, and Snopes.com, are all liberal-owned and controlled. (Like sending wolves to guard the henhouse).All of this is shades of 1940s Germany – or Cuba after “the revolution,” but when you add the fervent and rapid expansionism of Radical Islam (a term our president refuses to even use…) you find this nation facing a challenge that may well represent the demise of the American way.I’ll leave you with a couple of quotes by our president – food for thought: “Throughout history, Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality. So let there be no doubt: Islam is a part of America and America is not – and never will be – at war with Islam.”About the author: Michael ReisigMichael Reisig has been writing professionally for 15 years. He is an award-winning newspaper columnist and a best-selling novelist. Be sure to check out his latest 2-part best-sellers, "Caribbean Gold - The Treasure of Tortuga and The Treasure of Time" -- "If you have enjoyed Michael Reisig’s best-selling “Road To Key West” novels, you will love his new “Caribbean Gold” series, which begins with “The Treasure of Tortuga." http://www.amazon.com/Caribbean-Gold----Treasure-Tortuga-ebook/dp/B00S6VA6LS/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1421189550&sr=8-1&keywords=Caribbean+Gold+--+The+Treasure+of+Tortuga