Shiloh HourWelcome to RCCG RadioStay Connected . . .Non Stop Inspirational MusicStay Connected . . .Record Your Album ProjectWith the best Engineers @ RCCG Radio StudioWelcome to RCCG Radio.Pastor E.A AdeboyeI welcome you to the Redeemed Christian Church of God Official Radio Station (RCCG Radio)A non-stop Christian online radio station. Whose ultimate goal is to bring people of God closer to his heartbeat and to spread the Good News of the Kingdom, to tell the world the sure and guaranteed way to absolute victory through excellent and life transforming programs. You will have the opportunity to listen to all styles of Gospel Music, from Praise and Worship to Urban Contemporary, Jazz, Traditional Black Gospel, Christian Rap, Gospel Reggae, contemporary Christian Music with Life transforming messages from anointed men and women of God daily on this platform.Please take advantage of this reach to spread the good news by sharing to all your friends and loved ones on Facebook, Twitter and all other social networks, also tell family and friends about RCCG Radio.Let somebody shout Hallelujah!Recent Releases.When you have the truth of God, you have that great power over all things. You can’t defeat the devil in everything. All things will be possible to you. While the Blood cleanses all sin, the Holy Spirit brings the power of heaven down for your use in your soul. To use the power of […]And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.” Gen. 13:2 “He listened to, and obeyed God.” Gen. 12:1-4 “He honored God, who prospered him.” Gen. 12:7 “He was generous, and avoided strife.” Gen. 13:5-9 “He was compassionate toward others.” Gen. 18:24-33 Solomon understood the principals of prosperity. He was one of […]Real love is never callous, hurtful, or deceiving, yet goes above and beyond the five senses, sketching its mark into the deepest part of the heart, mind, and soul, fulfilling a long forgotten urge and eradicating the frenzy of despair. In its purest form it can only love, accept, and validate. It affirms the truth […]See Today’s Programme.TESTIMONY TIME Revelation 12:11 ''They overcame him by the blood of the lamb, and by the word of their Testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.We encourage the people of God through airing of the various miracles signs and wonders God has been performing through his servantsTestimonyJUST GIRLS it's a program that reaches to women of all Ages, all around the world talking about how to live a life of purpose from youth to Old Age,with exciting and interesting topics with different interviews Stay,it's fun ! Tuned to Just Girls.... [Every Tuesday/Thursday Time 14.10 GMT]Just GirlsTHE REALM Takes you higher in to the spiritual realm of music and songs,across the globe with different genre and languages showing you God's awesomeness and faithfulness in all ways,its a music program which you can connect to or make a request [EveryMonday/Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday Time 13.00 GMT]The realmTHE ROOTS it's a Programme that focus on Relationships, either with God, Self,Marriage, Family and every other Kind of relationships, get more knowledge and have a good relationship with everyone around you - Stay tune to RCCG Radio [Every Monday, Friday, and Saturday Time 16:30 GMT]The RootsOpen Heavens Daily DevotionalOpen Heavens is a daily devotional for our time, written by the general overseer Pastor E.A Adeboye, the Open Heavens is indeed the guide in resolving daily christian issues and lifestyle[Everyday Time 21.00.GMT Repeat Broadcast 14.00 GMT]Open HeavensNUTRITION TOP END Its a programme that educates and exposes you to how you can live a healthy Lifestyle through balanced Nutrition diets with Basic Food Insight. you are what you eat stay tune for insightful and interesting Topics every [Tuesday/Wednesday/Thursday/FridayNutrition Top EndTHE MESSAGE: Receive your Healing, Breakthrough,Blessing and be impacted by God to move higher through Pastor E.A Adeboye The General Overseer of The Redeemed Christian Church of God world wide,Jack Tiwari, president of the America Nepal Society, begins most mornings with a short prayer to the dozen or so Hindu deities who sit atop the altar at his home in Northern Virginia. He thanks the gods for giving him another day, offers them some sweets and asks for good health and happiness.