HE CAME IN A TELEGRAMFather spent tireless night preparing for it and cross-checking the verses to be sure they fitted perfect. It was his first sermon at St. Emmanuel’s Anglican Church. He had just been made the vicar and he wanted his first sermon to be strong, persuasive and perfect. That sermon was on May 12. That Sunday, as he mounted the pulpit, something happened: mother went into labour. 1948 was a period when only highly ranked government officials could boast of cars. Since no one in the church had a car, my coming created chaos for everyone. Except my father.“Your father stood there, leaning on the wooden lectern, singing hymns and Psalms,” mother will tell me thirty-five years after as we stood by father’s grave, mourning our grateful loss. “He didn’t leave the pulpit. No. He conducted that service as I groaned in pain, waiting for a car or the traditional midwife that was closest by.”I was astounded.“And do you believe that was the right way he should have treated you, mother?” I asked.“And his abandonment of me was accounted unto him as faith, dedication and the ideal Christian way of life. When some of the deacons confronted him, he reminded them of the scripture that said cast your cares and burdens on the Lord and He shall direct your path. ” Mother said no more.The church members who had gone to find a taxi returned just in time to take mother to the hospital. The truth was that the moment I was born, mother’s strength began to wane. So it was, that I was born to a clergy family on a Sunday morning right in the middle of a church service. I guess no one else qualifies to be called a church-boy more than I was. I lived in the vicarage and I attended every Sunday school class that ever was. I grew up to know that church was where you smiled and said “God bless you”. Church was where everything was perfect; everything had to be perfect.Every service, mother sat down by my father in her pleated gowns, big waist-belts and big round hats with a netting that always covered her face. We, as a family, all knew our lines and had perfected our acts. It was our duty to ensure that no one in church knew that home was where we cried, and screamed and truly sought God’s face because the vicar in church was an ill-tempered monster at home. Welcome to my memoir, my family is my dysfunction that God did not set straight.On Sundays, father taught his congregation salvation and grace but he taught us (his family) sin and guilt every day at the family devotion. Once, when I woke up late, he reminded me that sleep was sin. The church loved him very dearly, but his family loathed him instead. The tyranny was my first reckoning of the man that my father was. I cannot tell when exactly the tyranny and the oppression. I was two years old, going on three when I witnessed the first beating. I remember it all too well.It was a Sunday afternoon, we had being in church from seven in the morning till church was over. The long wait had made every one fatigued and burnt out. I really wouldn’t remember what birthed my father’s fury but I remember two things. I remember that my mother said no word and I also remember well that the argument was resolved with a slap from my father that landed right on my mother’s cheek. That was followed by a torrential pour of verbal assault and of course, Mother’s silence. I was told the fury was over a casserole of stew that hadn’t enough salt. I was told mother had to cook all over again. So it was, that from the cradle I learnt that a family was run with the iron grip.†1956It was the year of columnar architecture. It was the period of the wooden lattices and windows that were rarely shut because there was no fear! It was the period in history when pictures were shot in white and black. Everything was beautiful in black and white. It was in that year, when I turned eight, curiosity pushed me to ask the question that landed me in a big, fat trouble.You see, the school I attended was a missionary school that belonged to the very diocese that my father oversaw. During Civics class, I asked the teacher, Miss. Winterbottom, if it was proper for fathers to beat up mothers. She had found that question quite disturbing and so she took it upon herself to seek an audience with my parents to find out if there were incidents of domestic violence in the house.When Miss. Winterbottom came by the vicarage, father was not at home, just mother. She explained to my mother that I had asked disturbing questions in her Civics class. Mother denied any incident of domestic violence ever happening at the vicarage. Unknown to both women, the sexton who took care of the vicarage had eavesdropped on the conversation between mother and Miss. Winterbottom and had reeled everything out to my father at his office. Father returned home and flogged me real hard. That was when I learnt that whatever happened in the house stayed in the house.A few weeks after that incident was Fathers’ Sunday and so father preached. He talked about men loving their wives and respecting them. With so much passion, he decried men beating up their wives.“Your wife is the mother of your children. She is the other half that makes you complete,” he removed his pair of wire-rimmed glasses and adjusted the cape that sat on his cassock. He withdrew a sparkling white handkerchief from his pocket and began to wipe away the beads of sweat that had formed across his forehead. He wore his spectacles again and raised his voice:“I repeat, if you raise your hand to beat the one that makes you complete, it is yourself that you beat!” The congregation nodded in agreement with him. They always did that – whether he was right or wrong.“She is your better half and not your punching bag. She is your gift from God and not a muscle-building apparatus. If your fists itch so bad, pick on someone your size!” he slammed emphatically.He kept quiet again and looked round the auditorium; his eyes prying. The men seated in the pews that Sunday had this look that plead guilty of all accusations. Very few could raise their heads and look right into his eyes. He was a god that shouldn’t be looked at directly. He continued: “Surely I tell you this morning, there is a God who sits on the throne and he’s watching. His eyes are on you. And for every time you raise your hand at her, remember that there is a God high up there that you’d answer to.”For me, the sermon marked an end to the assault on my mother that my siblings and I had witnessed over the years. I was glad so excited, God had answered my prayers.A few hours after we came back from church, father and mother returned too. It was not much longer they came into the vicarage than I heard bangs and thuds. I rushed into the sitting room and there, I saw my father, still clad in his cassock and collar, sitting right on top of Mother and burying his thick heavy fists at her tiny frame. From behind the curtains where I watched I grew sad. I didn’t understand how he would leave behind the things that he taught on the pulpit and live the exact opposite. From that day on, I began to hate the church. I began to fear that if the Arch-deacon could be guilty of hypocrisy, then everyone was guilty of something too. I was too afraid to guess what secret lives everyone else led.As time passed, I discovered that church was the place we came to on Sundays wearing our best smiles and our best dresses, pretending that all was well while we died inside. Church, for me, became that place we gathered on Sundays because it was the only place we’d been taught to be at on Sundays. Nowhere else would do except church on a Sunday morning. The church my father shepherded, continued to grow significantly in size and the people loved him more and more. Just right before the civil war, he was appointed a Bishop. I left home for the University just as the Civil war began at the University of Ibadan. In those years, I left God and church and I sought to take care of myself. After four years, I graduated and left Nigeria for the UK, for my postgraduate studies.”My years in the UK were dark and grim. I lived them carefree but in the midst of my freedom, I felt inadequate. Free thinking and the pubs couldn’t fill the void that lodged itself in my heart. On a cold winter December in Canterbury in 1976, I had gone to the Red Horse Pub to drink and make merry into the New Year. From where I sat, I watched as people walked into an elegant cathedral to mark the New Year. In that moment, I remembered how I used to go to church for the vigil into the New Year, trusting that things would be different when we returned from the vigils. Then, I wept. I paid the bill and headed home.In the tiny entrapment I called home, memory haunted me. It blighted my being like a plague. Life became a deep cistern and I laid at the bottom of it, helpless, weak, and unable to save myself. That was when a telegram arrived. It was in the telegram that I found God. It was from my mother. The words were short but strong. It read: “looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. Heb. 12:2” In that moment, I learned that the most challenging part of walking Christian walk of faith is looking unto Jesus without considering what others do. The New Year found me down on the floor. Sober. Weeping. Suddenly, all things were new.