BLAST Your BusinessB.L.A.S.T. Through Your Blocks & Make More MoneyThis is Your Biz do it Your Way!Attract clients and customers who JUST FIND YOUGoodbye – stress, overwhelm, panic, overworked & not earning enoughYou didn’t start in business to struggle.Are you tired of hearing marketing advice about sales pages, opt ins, funnels, building a list, autoresponders and pay per click advertising. Don’t know where to start and feel on overwhelm. Procrastinating because you just don’t know what to do first. The days are not long enough, there is too much to do. You keep losing your focus and desperately need help but can’t afford any. You are sick of struggle and ready to give up.I know how it feels, I was like that. I worked so hard trying to follow all the advice and it all became too much until I discovered I could use my Angels and energy in my business just like I had in my day to day life. Boy, I wished I had worked that out sooner!Marketing works but only when you have got the right energy behind it, if the energy behind it is stressed you are not going to be getting anything else but stress. It is the basics of manifesting.I decided it was my business and I was doing it my way. Combining Angels and energy gives you incredible results. You need to know this so you can:Transform your business with easeGet support in your businessMake marketing easyGet business successB.L.A.S.T. is how I created my Business Life And Success TransformationB.L.A.S.T. programme, has a live element were you can connect and get support from me in the forum. Plus meet with orders on a similar journey. In here I share with you even more tips and hints that are not covered in the extensive manual and professionally recorded audios.I show you how to make things happen in your business.How to attract clients & customers who find you without placing a single advert.Yes, I totally recommend using some marketing plans, budgets and strategies, but most of all I show you how to use energy to make your business life simple AND Successful! Using energy and your Angels, possibly your most powerful tool for your business, you will quickly and easily achieve success.In my B.L.A.S.T. for Business Programme you gain all you need to harness this success by having the right energy around you – I teach you exactly how to use it. So you can be the leading edge in your field. In business we often use a PA or a VA to support us in our work - with BLAST we have our AA – our ANGEL ASSISTANT - waiting to help day by day, and costing you nothing. I show you how to access and work with your AA to benefit your business. I honestly don’t know where I would be without mine, giving me focus, keeping me calm, supporting me throughout my working day.It can be hard working for yourself, as you know.We often have to wear so many hats – too many tasks to do – not enough time – no-one to bounce ideas off. It’s tough.“Thank you so much Amanda for your kind and compassionate approach. The BLAST programme has been fantastic it has helped me focus my vision and manifest the future of my business. Your input and experience have been invaluable to me and I know that the future is bright, thanks to your help. The angel guidance you are able to offer along with your business knowledge has brought me clarity and direction. I have been working alone to establish my business and it can be difficult to remain focused and motivated. The one to one sessions with the workbook were invaluable, an opportunity to dig deep and explore what blocks I had and how they could be resolved. I know I will work with Amanda again in the future, and have already recommend her to my friends. Invest in yourself with Amanda, you won’t be disappointed! many blessings Amanda.” Helen xUsing your AA for BusinessUsing your AA makes being in business so much easier.We cover some very familiar business themes, such as time management, in a way you never thought possible.We start by establishing and clearing your limiting beliefs and blockages, so you can achieve your goals.You learn to connect with your Angels who are ready, willing and able to help you with everything for your business.And together we find that buzz you need for your biz.It sounds too good to be true, doesn’t it? With my hand on my heart, I can say this is possible – my business would not have been possible without my Angel.A successful business is easy to achieve no matter what field you are in. Nothing gives me more joy than helping you create your success too!“I really felt I needed a substantial boost to reignite my enthusiasm for my business (and my personal life too, if I’m honest!) and BLAST was just that! I’d always been fascinated about the power of manifesting, the impact of positive and negative energy, and ways in which I could work with my angels – with BLAST I was able to learn about all of these things and find out how to apply them both in a business and personal context. As a direct result of working with Amanda, I refocused my business to align it with what I intuitively felt was the right area for me; in doing so, I’ve found that the right people for me to work with have shown up at just the right time in a way that never worked so well before. The Facebook group is also a great source of support, with input from Amanda and from other, like-minded people who have lots to share. I often revisit my notes, worksheets & recordings, and regularly find something new from them even now. BLAST is a great programme, and I have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone!” Jackie, BlackpoolHow can Angels help your Business?Emotional support AND practical helpHelp you create enough time to work on your businessGet the work/home life balance rightOvercome procrastinationHelp you find solutions to your business overwhelmBring the right clients and customers to youHelp you find the right words in sales conversationsHelp you find lost items or that document that has gone missing on your PCParking spaces and trouble free travellingAnd there is so much more, as you find out when you sign up and join the B.L.A.S.T. for Business Programme.You can manifest with Angels and create exactly the business you want, from the hours you work and the money you earn to where you work from and who your clients are. And it’s easy to implement into your working life. By following the simple steps I teach you, you will quickly see the results, which will soon lead you to a more content and happier you.You will be more in control, knowing you are now in charge and can take your business in any direction you choose. No more blaming the economy – you step up and you know the success of your business is in your hands. And of course this will have a ripple effect of positive consequences.You can use the principles you learn on my B.L.A.S.T. for Business programme in your personal life, and you can get the whole family and your friends on-board too!So, if you are feeling a loss of direction, want success but don’t know how to get it, and you feel at the point of overwhelm, B.L.A.S.T. is what I have created for you, so that you can fill your programmes, diary or meet your sales targets with Angelic ease.What B.L.A.S.T. coversB.L.A.S.T is an extensive programme and here are just a few things we will cover:You and your goals – and stepping into your personal powerRemoving the blocks to successHow to make the impossible possibleBuilding the environment for successUsing your Angel AssistantGetting energy, language and manifesting to work for you and your businessDeveloping and using your business intuitionNew ways to work with traditional business conceptsAchieving new levels of business successA worksheet for each module to support you on your journeyTips for the Business Toolbox for better business mojoExclusive access to the B.L.A.S.T. forum“BLAST really helped me to keep on track in the early stages of building my business. The knowledge and evidence of there being energy on our side, not just luck or facts, was a great help on several occasions. Amanda is a lovely, helpful, kind, knowledgeable and authentic woman. Have the angels and Amanda on side will continue to be a gift for a long time to come” Kristel Kemp, Cumbria“I have been working with Amanda and was taken aback on how much knowledge she has. I was slightly skeptical whether this would work but I knew my business needed something as if not I would have to go and get a job. Within the first week the phone started to ring and clients booked. Each week it is getting better and Amanda keeps me accountable. I am really excited about what lies ahead” SuzanneHow I walk the talkLast year I bought my dream car, which took me just 2 weeks from sitting in it to it owning it – how? By manifesting it with my Angels support! I launched and filled all my VIP places without even having a page on my website – this stuff works.I don’t actually know where I would be without my connection with Angels - they keep me focused and calm, supporting me throughout my working day. You don’t need to be psychic to do this, you don’t need to have a spiritual business, you just need to learn to connect with your intuition and your Angels so you can start to use your natural ability to manifest in a more conscious way. I love B.L.A.S.T. for Business, seeing people achieving their goals, feeling their lives turn around, and I love hearing the stories of success. Now it’s your turn – you work in your own time with my downloadable programme, supported by me personally in my forum.“The work with Amanda, brought in focus what was required. It triggered the determination and the vision required to move forward and develop my business. Which is happening on various levels. So thank you Amanda for assisting in the changes. Cheers” AlexWhat you get130 mins of MP3 Audio to listen to in your own time valued at £4976 modules complete with exercises and worksheetsA detailed questionnaire to get you clear on your business and your goalsSpecially created ‘to do’ lists to keep you accountableExclusive access to the private B.L.A.S.T. forum in the Facebook group where you can contact me and others on the programme, get support, post your amazing achievements, and get accountability. I am regularly active in the group to support you and post extra juicy nuggets too! This is priceless, you never know who you will connect with in the group.BonusesI fully expect you to look back on this programme and conclude that is was the smartest investment you have ever spent on yourself and your business.Plus you will learn principles that you can use time and time again, principles you can use in life whenever you need them.This is more than an investment in your business – it’s an investment in you. Everyone who has already completed the programme agrees that they feel so much happier and more content since learning these simple principles.“A dynamic course which treads the spiritual path with practical feet. Lots of good and practical grounded information pulled together in a creative and fun manner. If you seek to bring a spiritual and angel based influence into your business check out this lady and her Blast course. Her Angel Intuitive cards are beautifully simple and clear and work well for the beginner as well as seasoned readers. I have been reading Tarot for over twenty years and found them fresh and direct. All the best and many thanks Amanda you are a star” Fiona Dilston-Bayliss Homeopath, Clairvoyant and Counsellor“I have just completed BLAST. I am not sure what I expected from it but the result is it has given me a completely new outlook on my business, and also my life! There is, obviously, a hidden energy behind the words and exercises that touched me at a core level. There was much to take in – am only pleased that I still have the notes and recordings to look back on to remind myself just how easy it really is. If you want to give your business, and yourself, the best possible chance of success – I whole-heartedly recommend that you do the programme. Thanks Amanda – you made it thought provoking, easy to understand, informative and, best of all for me, fun. I’ll be totally honest and say the results didn’t appear instantly for me – and until the end of the programme I wasn’t convinced I was getting it – but somehow they all pieced together and made perfect sense. As a result I am now ready and willing to move forward with my business and have a BLAST of my own” Heather Hornby - Pure Light Healing“Since joining the programme I have realised my ability to manifest. In the first week I doubled my income and in the second I tripled it. I am a much happier, more positive person and feel confident in achieving my goals. I also have a greater understanding of myself and how I work, thanks Amanda” Jonathan HillHow to sign upYou can join BLAST in one of two ways:BLAST Programme only for just £97 - that’s a value of £991 for just £97, including the bonuses. PRICED TODAY AT JUST £97BLAST VIP - If you want extra support to achieve your dream business and start earning money fast – the VIP Package is includes theprogramme as above plus 4 x 60 minute one to one sessions with me via Skype, still including the bonuses. Each session is crafted around your specific business needs to provide additional support on this transformation of your business. PRICED TODAY AT JUST £657Payment is via Paypal which accepts all major credit cards, bank transfer and payment plan on the VIP version can be arranged please enquire.This is an investment in your biggest asset – YOU!BlastMy guarantee to youI am so confident you are making the right decision that I promise you this. Work through the programme, and if you don’t get the results after implementing the exercises in the modules, I will refund the value of the audio back no questions asked and no hard feelings. I can’t say fairer than that.Please note 1:1 sessions are not refundable, and you must provide proof that you have done the work in the modules as this programme is education and for it to work you need to apply it.“I have been part of this group that Amanda set up to help us learn to manifest. I have been reading and listening to information on this for a while now but somehow Amanda seemed to pull all the threads together and helped me to turn all this to reality. The programme was structured so simply each session targets are set. I would definitely recommend Amanda and would use her again” Shelia Thomas, CanadaFREE – Get More Done In Half The Time – FREEHere is one of my little tips for FREE, it is a TO DO List with a difference. All my BLAST business buddies have done this and it is incredible how it works. Just sign up and I will send you my PDF guide to create a TO DO List that works and it will lesson the overwhelm too!My Latest Book#angelhourTestimonialsJonathan Hill“Since joining the programme I have realised my ability to manifest. In the first week I doubled my income and in the second I tripled it. I am a much happier, more positive person and feel confident in achieving my goals. I also have a greater understand of myself and how I work, thanks Amanda”Maria Harrop-PeelI have done both a psychic development and online manifestation course with Amanda and have thoroughly enjoyed both…Sheila ThomasI saw Amanda at a mind body & spirit event. I listened to her interesting talk on angels and kept her card. I took advantage of her new year offer …Julie HolmwoodAmanda gave me an angel card reading in April this year. I wasn’t sure what I wanted to know, but front and centre of my mind were business