Cover Reveal: Flirting with Love by Clara Stone~ Synopsis ~Hudson Lovelly leads a charmed life-successful career,loving family, beautiful wife. And on the eve of his daughter’s birth, he’s counting his blessings. Life wasn’t always so generous . . .Seventeen-year-old Blake never expected to fall for the pretentious, golden-haired boy on the opposing debate team. But she soon learns that looks can be deceiving, and not all men exist to disappoint. When a harmless prank starts to turn into something more, she discovers that sometimes, all it takes is a little Hope for love to find it’s way.The day she walks into his life, exploding on the scene like a firecracker, is the day eighteen-year-old Hudson knows everything is about to change. Quick-witted, Blake is a prankster with a heart of gold, ensnaring him more than any girl ever has. He’ll do anything to be with her, even if it means pretending.But when danger threatens Blake, he can’t conceal his growing affection. Pretending is no longer an option. They never planned for their friendship to grow into a love story. But it did. This powerful companion to Forever Kinda Love tells the history of Hudson and Blake’s love. Laced with haunting emotion and beautiful sentiment, this is a tale about overcoming even the darkest moments, reminding us all to love more. Give more.Without regrets.ExcerptI nod and study each of them, until my glance lands on Golden Boy. I narrow my eyes, glaring at him in the scariest way I can muster. At least, I hope so anyway.He stares back, the earlier smile completely vanished. He jumps to his feet and saunters forward. I gulp, feeling uncertainty stirring in the pit of my stomach, and my palms sweat from nerves. I don’t know if it’s because of his godly good looks, the fact he’s towering well over six feet on my five foot seven inches height, or because I can’t read his all too calming features, but suddenly, I feel like coming over here wasn’t my best idea.I watch him as he approaches, slow and confident, like a lion unconcerned by the presence of a cheetah. His pressed, white button-up shirt stretches across his chest, and the loose tie around his neck hangs over his unbuttoned collar. His expression is stoic, but there’s something in his hazel eyes that makes me feel awkward and on display. He doesn’t exactly scream “bad boy,” but I know there’s something in him that sizzles just under the surface, a wildness.He runs his fingers over his perfectly-combed, golden locks and extends his hand for a handshake, the tendons on his forearm popping below his rolled up sleeve. I stare at his arm and blink.“Pleasure to meet you,” he says. His voice is incredibly warm, amused.When I look up at him, his lips stretch wide in a wicked grin that shines right to his eyes. I feel light on my feet, like I’m on cloud nine or something.“Blake,” Hudson says, like he’s tasting my name on his tongue. “That’s an odd name for a girl. Don’t you think, Hope?”That brings me back to earth and lands me on my butt—figuratively speaking, of course.“Hudson!” Hope squeals disapprovingly, backhanding him across his chest.I glare sharply at him, thinning my lips. “Remember this moment, Golden Boy. Because karma is mighty pissed, and she pays back with interest.”I don’t give either of them a chance to respond before I pivot and head back toward my teammates.Wesley meets me halfway and leans down, asking, “What did you say to them? He looks like he got hit by lightning.”I throw a glance over my shoulder and smile at the stunned expression on Hudson’s face. Good. When I turn back to Wesley, the rest of the team has caught up to us. “It’s time to bring out the big guns. You guys up for it?”Murmurs fill the air, almost all in agreement, until Wesley speaks.“We can’t risk getting caught, Blake.”I grin. “Oh, trust me, there’s no way we’re getting caught.”Excitement fizzles around us as the team starts to throw out ideas. Golden Boy and the other stuck-up douche-nuts won’t know what hit them.About the AuthorClara Stone lives in the beautiful city of Boise, ID. Unlike what most believe about Idaho, it’s more than a sack full of potatoes. When she’s not writing, you’ll catch Clara reading YA and NA books, mostly romance, and enjoying time with her family. She is a proud CW T V addict.No comments:Post a CommentAbout MeI'm a married, stay at home momma with a lot of free time on my hands...or I guess I WOULD have a lot of free time if I wasn't ALWAYS READING!! Love my books!! <3 I can normally be found on my porch swing with my coffee & Kindle in hand. I normally read Romance, Bikers/MC (my fave), NA, Romance, Contemporary, Erotica, Sports Romance, and stuff like that. I've read SOME fantasy, but not a lot. I don't get down with the vampires, zombies, ghosts, demons (an Angel here or there I can handle though), Sci Fy or historical stuff. I'm a blogger & reviewer and I love it!