iTunes Editors’ NotesJazz singer Diana Krall channels her inner Karen Carpenter on this collection of easy listening standards. “Superstar” is the only direct nod to The Carpenters, while The Eagles receive two reworkings with “Desperado” and “I Can’t Tell You Why.” A previously unrecorded Paul McCartney song, “If I Take You Home Tonight,” stands out among familiar radio hits that are mostly from the ‘70s, though the '60s hit “California Dreaming” by The Mamas & the Papas gets a lite-FM piano-based makeover. The deluxe edition adds a few live versions: The Beatles’ “In My Life” and Georgie Fame & the Blue Flames' 1965 hit “Yeh Yeh,” with Fame guesting.Customer ReviewsHaters gonna hateby inismorHonestly, I can’t understand the attitudes of jazz “purists.” Jazz singers in decades past sang the songs of the day, not of 50 years prior. Diana Krall’s voice has never been more provocative and pure; David Foster’s arrangements are lush and gorgeous; and the song selection is a tad eclectic but obviously songs that Ms. Krall likes to sing. Cut her a break and actually listen to the music. It’s pretty damned great!Not jazz, but I'm not complaining!!by wihjI have to admit, i was skeptical and somewhat disheartened when I saw the song list for Ms. Krall's new record, especially the idea that she would be covering songs like "California Dramin'", "Desperado", "Don't Dream It's Over" and "Superstar", which IMHO were all pretty much perfect pop already, but I'll be damned, Ms. Krall went and reinterpreted them brilliantly, making them her very own. Who cares if it's not jazz? Try being in the moment with this music and Ms. Krall, and taking this for what it is, her own interpretation of timeless classiscs delivered tastefully and very, very well. I admire her for being gutsy, being right, and for continuing to evolve as an artist!Let’s be patient, people.by NedLeonardAdmittedly, I didn’t care much for “Glad Rag Doll” overall, but I purchased a couple of cuts. This seems better than that seemed. C’mon, she’s already sung The American Songbook. Masterfully. What more can we ask - that she re-sing it? She wants to venture onto different ground. It’ll work or it won’t; we’ll buy it or we won’t. Myself, I’m counting the days until she and her husband venture onto the terrain he explored with Burt Bacharach. Now that would be killer, to my way of thinking.BiographyBorn: November 16, 1964 in Nanaimo, British Columbia, CanadaGenre: JazzYears Active: '80s, '90s, '00s, '10sWith her pre-bop piano style, cool but sensual singing, and fortuitously photogenic looks, Diana Krall took the jazz world by storm in the late '90s. By the turn of the century she was firmly established as one of the biggest sellers in jazz. Her 1996 album, All for You, was a Nat King Cole tribute that showed the singer/pianist's roots,...