The Best Way To Cut A Bell Pepper (VIDEO)With their round shape, tough stem, internal ribs and scattered seeds, bell peppers can seem like more of a challenge to prepare than other vegetables. Many people tend to cut bell peppers in half lengthwise before deseeding and cutting out the core -- that certainly gets the job done, but there's an even easier way to make the most of this slightly sweet veggie.Cooking for Geeks author Jeff Potter says his method eliminates the need to core your bell peppers or hassle with the seeds. He demonstrates in the above video from the web series #OWNSHOW.1. Slice off the top and bottom of the bell pepper.2. Make one vertical cut through one side of the pepper.3. Unroll the bell pepper so it becomes a flat sheet."Doing it this way means you'll get nice, big, flat sheets that you can then cut into slices," Potter says.His bell pepper tips don't stop there."There's another thing about bell peppers that I think is really cool, that most people don't know," Potter says. "If you peel it, you'll actually get this peel that comes off -- taste that. It's not the sweet bell pepper taste that you know. It's... green, herbaceous."So, next time you're cooking with a red bell pepper, Potter suggests peeling it as a part of your prep."If you're actually using a red bell pepper in a dish where you're going to cut it up, you can actually peel it and that will actually make the dish taste better and it will avoid this kind of tough membrane," he says.A hot wok or pan and just a little oil are all you need to stir-fry bell peppers. You want to work quickly so that the peppers retain their crispness but are still tender to bite. You can use bell peppers in any number of stir-fry recipes. Recipes: Tea-Smoked Tofu with Pepper and Pork Stir-Fried Carrots, Corn and Peppers Wok-Fried Black Pepper Shrimp with Bell PeppersBell peppers are great in sandwiches, subs and hero sandwiches. Feel free to use pickled or marinated bell pepper from the jar or use your own roasted or grilled peppers. If you choose to grill or broil your peppers, you should cook them on all sides over high heat until the skins are charred. Then add them to a bowl, cover and let sit for 10 minutes. Peel the skins using paper towels and deseed the peppers. Now you're ready to use the peppers any way you want. Recipes: Sausage and Pepper Heroes Grilled Vegetable Sandwiches Bistro Flank Steak SandwichesAny way you slice or dice them, bell peppers add a nice, sweet crunch to salads. Serve them thinly sliced or julienned or chop or dice them -- it's all dependent on the kind of salad. For a grain salad, you'll want them in small dice but in a green salad you may want them in thin slices. Recipes: Quinoa, Sweet Peppers and Fig Salad Curried Salad with Vegetables Grilled Pepper SaladPeppers add wonderful sweetness and color to any number of stews and curries. Try it in a Southeast Asian curry or a Hungarian paprikash. It's best to slice the peppers in long strips so they stay firm during the long cooking time. Recipes: Thai Beef and Peppers Vegetable Curry Chicken PaprikashDips and spreads are great to dip into and red bell peppers add a sweet depth of flavor that's hard to resist. You'll want to use marinated peppers from the jar or roast, broil or grill your own peppers and be sure to remove the skins. Recipes: Cheddar and Roasted Red Pepper Spread Roasted Red Pepper and Walnut Dip Roasted Pepper and Caramelized OnionPeppers make a pretty topping on pizza not to mention a flavorful one. Add as many colors of peppers as you like -- all will look terrific. Slice the peppers into thin, long strips so they cook as fast as the pizza does. Recipes: Personal Pizzas with Spinach and Peppers Pepperoni and Pepper Pizza Sausage, Pepper and Mushroom PizzaSauteed peppers are great on their own as a side dish or can be incorporated with other ingredients to make an entire dish. Cut the peppers into wide strips or chunks for best results. Don't cook them for too long, otherwise the skins will separate and the peppers will get mushy -- you want some toothsomeness. Recipes: Sauteed Red Bell Peppers with Caper Sauce Rainbow Pepper Saute Southwestern Steak and PeppersBell peppers were practically made for stuffing since they have such large cavities. Cut the peppers lengthwise or crosswise -- the latter gives you the option of using the cap as a decorative lid when serving. Stuff the peppers with cooked rice or grains, sauteed ground meat or a combination and bake. Recipes: Wild Stuffed Peppers Moroccan Stuffed Peppers Spinach and Sausage Stuffed PeppersChunks of bell peppers make a pretty addition to soups, like in the classic tortilla soup, but you can also make a colorful pureed soup with bell peppers. Recipes: Paprika and Red Pepper Soup with Pistachio Puree Red and Yellow Pepper Soup Tortilla SoupThrow some red, yellow, and green peppers on the grill for a colorful and delicious side dish.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.The Trademark BlackBerry速 and RIM速 are owned by Research In Motion Limited and are registered in the United States and may be pending or registered in other countries. AOL is not endorsed, sponsored, affiliated with or otherwise authorized by Research In Motion Limited.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.Message and data rates may apply. By clicking 'Send,' you represent that you are the account holder for the number you provided (or have the account holder's permission to receive a text message) and agree that the AOL Terms and Privacy Policy apply.The Trademark BlackBerry速 and RIM速 are owned by Research In Motion Limited and are registered in the United States and may be pending or registered in other countries. AOL is not endorsed, sponsored, affiliated with or otherwise authorized by Research In Motion Limited.