Ziplining, Kayaking and More at XPlor Park in Mexico!Hi all,Happy Monday!So, while on our Mexico honeymoon, my husband and I decided to visit XPlor Park - this super-cool eco park located in the middle of the Mexican jungle.Ever wondered what it would be like to play Indiana Jones for the day? This is your chance (and, don’t worry, I didn’t see any snakes – but I did see a giant alligator)! If you’re planning a trip to the Cancun area in the near future, definitely consider adding this to your “must see” list!XPlor Park has several activities to choose from and we sampled (almost) all of them…Driving amphibious vehicles through caves and the jungle…Kayaking through caves…This was probably my favorite. It’s very rare to be able to get that close to stalagmites and stalactites (otherwise known as those pointy things in caves). Not to mention, my husband and I hit this activity at the right time (a few minutes before closing) and had the cave entirely to ourselves. Can you say gorgeous??! I kind of felt like Ariel being rowed around through these beautiful caves…And last, but certainly not least, zip-lining….My husband and I had never tried zip-lining before and, I’m not gonna lie, I was kind of excited and TERRIFIED at the same time. Xplor is home to the highest zip-line in Latin America (about 13 stories tall!).We opted to save the tallest one for another trip and tested out the “smaller” series of zip-lines for our first run (mainly because I was about to have a heart attack).The climb to the top was totally nerve racking and I almost backed out. I was literally shaking, standing on the platform looking down at the canopy of trees beneath me, wondering whether or not I should jump – and, if I fell, would those trees catch me?Up until the last second, I debated turning around. The employee finished hooking me up to the lines said “Take off fast…,” then pushed me out onto the line and I went flying. It was too late to change my mind.Once I got out there, it really wasn’t scary at all – it was FUN. And I’m so glad I tried it. Because zip-lining over the Mexican jungle is going down in my book as one of the coolest things I’ve checked off my bucket list yet.(The last – and lowest – zip-line in this series ends by going through a waterfall – so cool!)And it made me think about how many other things in my life I’ve been scared to try. Sometimes fear is healthy, but it can also hold us back from so many things…