Easy PoliticsEveryone wants change. “If people would just,” starts a good many sentences on the Internet. Here in the U.S., we don’t like Congress very much, but we still vote the same people into office. Our system is perceived as broken, and so for people who want to see change, it is quite disheartening to hear news about how our leaders are passing silly laws while we have international concerns to take care of, a deficit to manage, and an economy to recover. Even more disheartening for people on both sides of the spectrum are the failure of the Occupy Wall Street and Tea Party Movement to actually change anything in Congress.There is hope, though. In an awesome post by M.M.J. Gregory, she highlighted why traditional news outlets were sad that YouTubers got to interview the President after the State of the Union address. This story, along with Brian Williams and Deflategate, has made the rounds on traditional news media. Meanwhile, young people especially don’t appear to be finding any fucks to give about that mess. They want to know why nobody’s been prosecuted for the Great Recession yet, or how they’re going to make ends meet with their shitty jobs, or how they’re going to pay for college because tuition costs are atrocious.So how exactly is YouTubers interviewing the President a sign of hope?Because it’s a big concession the powers-that-be have made to facilitate talking with younger voters. I know, it sounds very minor. Considering that some people in Congress probably still don’t know what Twitter is, this is a huge deal. It shows someone powerful reaching out to where younger people can be found. Nobody planned this in the sense of forcing politicians to respect online media; it happened because people started changing how they get their news.So, change can happen on accident. Here is step 1 to making it happen on purpose. Eventually I’m going to write a letter to my Congressman and Senators asking them for a simple thing. It’s not going to be complicated, or earth-shattering. It’s not going to require billions of extra dollars to run. It’s going to be politically neutral.But first, I have to talk about how the legislative process (in the U.S.) works. And I’m fairly certain I have to talk about it in a way that won’t cause peoples’ eyes to further glaze over. I recognize that one of the biggest hurdles to asking for change in Congress is because of the complexity of things. Hell, I’ve got a law degree and I get confused by politicians. It’s what they do, their raison d’etre.Let me make our Byzantine legislative process real simple: the people we elect to Congress are responsible for the legislation that come out of it. Sure, there’s a long and complicated process for them to go through to get anything done, but at the end of the day these people handle everything about it. While they can argue that procedure might not let them do something, it’s their job to find ways around it too. They are their constituents’ representatives; “represent” is in the job title.What this means is that you only have to pester three people in Congress: one Congressperson and two Senators. Go here to find your Congressperson. Go here to find your Senators. You’ll find that most of them have online contact information. Once you find their names, you’ll know whose leash you hold with your vote.Step 2: Figure out what you want. Make it simple, and make it clear. Do not ask for something amorphous like “recognizing our real enemies.” Think of it like a TED talk but with Twitter. You have a few hundred characters to get your point across. Yes, you can do a long letter, but their interns are busy. They don’t like voters; voters don’t really know what they want. By making it simple, they can grasp what you want while not feeling like their time is being wasted.What I’m going to write about is simpler legislation information. Laws are complicated, even for lawyers, and the last thing I want to do is have to spend five hours deciphering a 500 word statute. As a result, I want shorter descriptions of bills written at a third-grade reading level. Even if reading them wasn’t a problem though, right now I’d have to already know what I’m looking for in order to find it from the House website. The Senate links to the same place. While it seems quite thorough, it’s not as easy as using Google. Because it isn’t very user friendly, I can’t keep track of what Congress is up to. And because I can’t do that, I have no way of telling if my public servants are doing their jobs.At any rate, people can ask for different things, but try to be specific. Start out small. Talk about it with your friends, and see if they can add anything to it. Better still, blog about an idea, and I might just bug my Congressman about it (that latter part can be true of international readers as well).Step 3: Send off an email, or use snail mail if you want to feel special. Most people in office have email now, so you can harass their interns that way. More importantly, the person’s response is an important gauge of how engaged your representative is. One doesn’t have to include threats or coarse language in the letter. Rather, just say “This is what I want.”There are ways, though, to make one’s plea more forceful. But that’s a different issue for a different time. My point here is that change can happen just through changing one’s patterns of behavior. If the people in charge are willing to take notice, then it can happen on purpose as well. It doesn’t hurt to ask the people in charge because they’re already not doing much as is.3 thoughts on “Easy Politics”Secondly, yes! It is a huge freaking deal that Obama did the interviews and it is one of the things I hope we’ll look back on in a couple decades and say that it was one of the major signs of changes to come in news media. Senator Obama was so good at getting people organized through social media. President Obama, not so much and it is one of my main gripes with the administration. He has been doing much better since midterms though. I imagine he is right there with youth voters, with zero fucks left to give.Third, I am all about writing your representatives. I look forward to knowing the response you get. Unfortunately, if it is anything like my experiences, well… I write, intern or bot finds keyword, sends form letter. Sometimes they realize I am a decenter and the letter says why they disagree. A lot of the time, the letter just says what the politician is doing about the subject, often times this involves merrily telling me about all the righteous actions they are taking, actions which are usually the reason I wrote in the first place, saying that I think those actions are the very opposite of righteous.I digress. I live smack dab in an area where I am disagreed with by the majority of people on the majority of subjects. Unless that changes, I’m screaming into a void. This is why majority rule does not fucking work. I hope sincerely that your effort goes better.It’s extremely disheartening to live somewhere that one is in the minority on an issue. I want to go through this process to show people that it’s not the end of the world if one contacts one’s representative.What I’d like to tell you though is that you do not need a majority to influence your representative. You also don’t need money, thankfully. Granted, it’s a bit trickier to do it without these things, but it can be done.First, though, I’m going to want to get a standard form letter in return from my representatives before I go into those details.