(shouted) WE HAVE TWO FULLY FUNCTIONING BATHROOMS AND I FEEL LIKE I WON THE LOTTERY. Let’s do this.The main bathroom is located in a small hallway just off the open kitchen-living room. The original fixtures were outdated and in disrepair. There was no overhead lighting or ventilation fan. The one thing it had going for it was a window which let in a good amount of natural light. Before renovations started, we had planned on living with the bathroom as-is for a while. But when we demo’d the other (kitchen) side of the wall on the left, we discovered black mold. A few of the shower tiles were cracked, allowing water to seep into the wall.We ended up gutting the entire room, updating the electrical, installing ventilation to the outside, replacing the window, adding foam insulation to the exterior wall & a can light above the shower / tub area. We lived with the unfinished, non-functional bathroom for over two years while all five of us shared the master bathroom. It was such an eyesore and we hated that we weren’t using usable space. We finished the bathroom at the end of 2014 after working on it off and on for almost a year. It mainly serves as the kid / guest bathroom.To keep costs down, we worked with the original layout and brought in new materials and fixtures. We chose elongated subway tile for the walls. It reaches to the ceiling at the shower and is 36″ high around the rest of the room. It’s the same tile we used for the kitchen backsplash but here we paired it with white grout. I didn’t think the small bathroom (it’s ~5′ x 7′) could handle the busyness of contrasting grout lines. At the last minute, I added a black pencil liner to the design to tie in to the floor which is a tumbled travertine hexagon. I chose a light gray grout for the floor. The black travertine and dirt-colored grout are super kid-friendly.In the early stages of planning, I got stuck on the idea of a clawfoot tub resting on a wood base. We found a 4½’ vintage clawfoot tub on craigslist. The interior was in good condition but two of the feet had broken off and the exterior needed a fresh coat of paint. We DIYed two wood saddles from a reclaimed beam to support the tub and painted the exterior black. The chrome plumbing fixtures are new but have a vintage look. We went through two matching shower heads but each of them leaked so, for now, we’re living with an inexpensive one that I picked up at Lowe’s. It doesn’t pivot and we wish it did.I hung a white fabric shower curtain liner on either side of the ceiling support (two liners total) to enclose the shower when necessary. The liners hang outside the tub for baths and inside the tub for showers. On the side visible from the door, I hung a single linen curtain in front of the liner. I love the natural texture it adds to the space. The curtains hang from rolling rings.We had planned on using the original toilet but it was accidentally broken during renovations. Oops. Steve had always wanted a sleek, modern toilet (#mandreams) and this seemed like the perfect excuse to try one. He chose a dual flush model with clean lines. The kids have a ball showing off the toilet and its buttons to guests.The angle of the camera stretches the appearance. In real life, the toilet takes up significantly less floor space than the toilet in the master bathroom due to: 1) the small tank and 2) the ability to install it closer to the wall. The exterior is much easier to clean, too, but it takes a little elbow grease to clean the corners of the bowl (do bowls have corners?) inside. And it isn’t exactly easy to plunge. TMI? It’s worth noting that I don’t know what we’ll do if the seat or lid needs replaced. Special order from the manufacturer?I snuck in a seagrass trash bin between the tub and toilet. FYI – For bathrooms, I use a textured bin and place a smaller plastic trash can, lined with a plastic bag, inside. I removed the plastic can + bag for this shot because I didn’t think anyone would want to see our bathroom trash. I couldn’t find a black register cover so I bought an oil-rubbed bronze one and spray painted it matte black to blend in with the floor.We installed a simple metal shelf above the toilet. It’s a great spot for artwork, flowers and jewelry catchalls. (The vase is actually a bathroom tumbler.) The shelf isn’t the highest quality but I like the way the metal brackets pick up on the pencil liner. I painted the heads of the screws black so they would be less conspicuous.To keep things light visually, we chose an open vanity that stands up off the floor. I stash trash bags and a microfiber cloth in the bottom drawer. A woven basket holds toilet paper and a cup for rinsing the kids at bathtime. We couldn’t bear to drill into the vanity or wall tile to hang a toilet paper holder.The door to the bathroom opens up into the room in front of the vanity. We needed a stool for our toddler to reach the sink but I didn’t want it to impede the opening / closing of the door. I found a small folding stool at HomeGoods that fit the bill. It isn’t much to look at but, thankfully, it folds up and slides in next to the vanity so we don’t have to look at it all the time.My only issue with the vanity is that the solid surface top is creamier than the bright white subway tile. I think it’s probably one of those things that no one else really notices but it stands out to me. The faucet matches the tub fixture. I adore the labeled porcelain handles.We chose a simple, recessed mirror / medicine cabinet for the sink area. It has a narrow stainless steel frame. This is where the microfiber cloth in the vanity drawer comes in handy. I use it for quick once-overs to remove the kids’ fingerprints from the mirror.The mirrored door opens to reveal hidden storage. The shelves are adjustable. I used several small organizers to corral the kids’ toiletries.On the opposite side of the room, we installed a trio of wall hooks. There’s one hook for each kid. I found peshtemal towels that mimic the linen shower curtain.This stool was the missing piece of the bathroom reno puzzle! It finally arrived last week. Not only is it pretty cute, it’s functional too. It saves my back when I bathe the younger kids. And, I haven’t tried it yet, but I think it will be the perfect spot for a lit candle and a glass of wine when I give the tub a spin myself.I bought a vintage rug to add some color and pattern to the room. The low profile allows the door to swing open without getting hung up on the rug.And that’s it! Since the bathroom is near the main living space, I wanted it to feel like a continuation of the great room. I repeated certain elements (subway tile, black & white contrast, rich wood tones, woven textures, vintage rug, etc.) for a cohesive look. The room really feels like a part of the house – not a separate, themed kids’ bathroom. Incorporating larger pieces (tub, vanity) that stand up off the floor visually lightens the tiny room and makes cleaning a breeze.After sharing one bathroom for the last 2+ years, we feel completely spoiled now that we have TWO functioning bathrooms. No one is waiting for a turn. Everyone has their own towel hook. We’re able to give the two younger kids a bath while our oldest takes a shower in our bathroom to speed up the bathtime routine. Guests no longer have to walk through our bedroom to use the bathroom and they have their own shower, too. It’s nice having a bathroom so close to the main living space. You know, because walking down the hallway, through the master bedroom and into the master bath is just too much work. Like I said, spoiled. But our favorite thing is that we’re finally using previously wasted space. I don’t know how many times I apologized to guests about the state of the main bathroom during its gutted life.I’m completely obsessed with this reno! My husband and I are currently in the process of buying our first home, a great house with fantastic bones and great character, but quite a few cosmetic things to work on! Our hall bathroom is really long, and I love the idea of the little stool, so cute!The bathroom looks great! I love the dark hex tile. I am toying with the idea of a claw foot tub for our main bath (I would also tile up to the ceiling surrounding the tub) but I worry that it’s cumbersome to use… How do you like using the claw foot tub as a shower from a practical standpoint?Personally, I haven’t taken a shower in it yet but my sister visited literally the day after we finished it. She took several showers in here during her stay and loved it! I really need to give it and the tub a try.Jen, One of the houses I lived in college had a clawfoot tub and we only used it to shower. It felt kind of tight for me (I’m curvy/athletic, but in no way bigger than average) and was on occasion a little ‘icky’ when my naked body would touch the curtain knowing that my roommates naked bodies were touching it too (idk how that is different from sharing a toilet). Just something to think about.Dana, this bathroom looks GREAT!! All the little details are so thoughtful and everything ties together so nicely – Love it!!! Enjoy the new space – it’s cute that the kids are so excited about it too.; ) The dimensions are about the same as my new office/craft room that we recently created by stealing some space from the master closet – I’m working on maximizing the vertical storage (etc) and can’t wait to get all my stuff organized! Fun weekend projects ahead! Have a wonderful weekend, and thanks for the inspiration! Leah: )I’ve been waiting patiently for this day and it doesn’t disappoint! The bathroom is so lovely and I can just imagine your relief and finally having two. (I grew up in a house with two bathrooms and ten people, so I know what bathroom sharing is like!) My favorite details are definitely the floor tiles (love the hextile, even though I remember it was a pain to install), the rug, the linen shower curtain, and the stool. The stool really finishes it all off just right. Bravo!I remember once when I was probably 12 or 13 seeing a bathroom in a magazine that had glass doors for the shower. I showed it to my dad and scoffed at such an impractical design feature — what happens when someone had to come in to use the bathroom? Everyone would see you naked! My dad just looked at me and said, “Honey, in most people’s houses, when someone is in the bathroom, no one else goes into it.” Honestly, that moment blew my mind — in our house, there were always little siblings needing to use the toilet or to put something away or to brush their teeth, etc. Ha! It makes me laugh just thinking about it. ^_^Love it!! Except for the plumbing being on the opposite end of the tub, your bathroom is an exact replica (in layout only!) of our former main bath. You’ve got a great space – my favorite part is the black pencil accent tile. But I’m wondering – how in the world have you not yet taken that tub for a spin yet? Deep claw foot bathtubs are The. Way. To Go. I miss mine sooooo much. Grab a glass of wine, a yummy candle, and get to relaxin’!!Love the matte surfaces with a touch of shine, the baskets, rug, and that linen shower curtain. A little jewel box of a bathroom. Transformative, to have 2 working bathrooms in a 5-person house. I second others: get thee into that tub, with wine and soft lighting! You and Steve both deserve some quiet soaking time.Congrats on the second bath. Other than I think that is a strange looking toilet. It looks nice, very nice. Wow were those towels expensive, I bought some after learning about them from you, off of ebay for ten dollars each.The bathroom situation made me think about this…. If I recall you started this Underdog journey with two kids and added a third along the way. I don’t know how long you intended to stay in this house initially, but has adding a third child changed the long-term (or short-term) plans?Oh Ive been waiting for this post for a loooooooong time!!! Im so excited (and jealous as hell) that the Miller family has two bathrooms now. And boy what a gorgeous one it is. I love all the details Dana. As usual you’ve chosen every piece with intention and it turned out amazing. Dare I say you’ve run out of rooms now, gasp! Oh wait theres still the garage and outdoor spaces. Bravo on yet another wonderful space friend.Love the tile and vanity. Do you keep toilet paper on top of toilet for daily use given that it’s easier for kids to reach than to lean over to basket to grab a roll? I have young kiddos myself and it wouldn’t be kid-friendly to keep tp that far out of their reach. And I keep q-tips/cotton balls in a drawer that they can easily reach and use. I see yours are up way on top and in glass containers not within kid reach or kid friendly containers – was that another staged picture?The kids can easily reach the toilet paper in the basket. I fear a loose roll on top of the tank would fall into the bowl! The medicine cabinet’s interior is not staged. (Did you notice the black retainer case?) The kids don’t use cotton balls or q-tips all that often so they go on the top shelf.This bathroom is beautiful! I can’t imagine what it’s like having 2 bathrooms after sharing one with four other people for two years Hopefully, you take some time to enjoy a long, relaxing bath in there very soon :)Also, I really admire how defined your style is. Everything in your house flows beautifully. I’m still working on defining mine, and blogs like yours help me do that because you use what works for your house/lifestyle/style instead of just using whatever is popular.Actually, have you every done a post on how your style has evolved over the years (your previous house looked very different)? It’d be interesting to read/learn from. I’m a relatively new reader so I apologize if you’ve already covered this :)I would also love a post regarding how your style has changed and how you were able to transition into it. I can’t really afford to do a full room at a time and I find it difficult to see the big picture with the baby steps I take. My style is kinda a mesh between you and “chrislovesjulia.” OH— and I would love to see a pillow combination post, you always know how to mix patterns wellWow! This bathroom is 1000% better than the old unusable one. And it’s truly cohesive with the rest of your home. Love everything about it, including the toilet that others seem to not like, but if it’s hard to clean then it probably wouldn’t be my first choice. Just have your husband clean it since he chose it!The seat is rectangular around the perimeter but dips down to a rounded opening at the center. It definitely feels different than the standard round seat in the master bathroom but isn’t uncomfortable. This is going to sound weird but…you sit a little lower and the seat kinda hugs your bottom. Whereas on the toilet in the master it feels like you’re just sitting on top of the seat…no butt-hugging.And that concludes probably the strangest response I’ve ever given in the comments section! Haha.I think I will redo our bathroom EXACTLY like this one. It is amazing. That line of black in the tile just makes the whole thing. I love that the bolts that fasten the toilet to the floor are hidden, because usually those things get insanely nasty. How is that possible? Bathroom magic?The hidden bolts are what make it so easy to clean! The toilet comes with special brackets that fasten to the bolts in the floor. The base of toilet slips down over the bolts / brackets then you screw into the brackets from the sides. Small covers hide the screw heads at the base.Yay, it looks great! I was unsure about the toilet at first, but now that the bathroom is complete I think it looks fabulous! Enjoy a long hot bath and a large glass of wine in there tonight, you deserve it!Seeing how it all came together was just thrilling! I love your honest assessments of how everything functions for your family and I think you (and Steve) have just impeccable taste. Congrats on getting this done, and thank you for showing us!Not that you’re looking for an alternative cleaning method, but I use a hand held steam mop to clean our toilets. No elbow grease required… it might work really well on those corners? Also, it is AMAZING for cleaning tile grout.Beautiful!! One questions\- have you been happy with your cloth shower curtain liners and if so which one did you get? I have tried a couple but have yet to find one that is bleach safe and as a result mold around the bottom edge is a real issue. Would love to know if yours stays mold-free!It doesn’t look like the liner from Wayfair is available now. And since they’ve only seen a few showers, I can’t comment on their staying power but they did say they were mildew free.HOWEVER, I have this one which is a similar fabric liner in the master bathroom. It comes in many different sizes. Ours is extra long. It’s almost 3 years old and I haven’t had any problems with mold. I wash it frequently and don’t use bleach but you can use non-chlorine bleach to wash it.I love everything about this bathroom…even the toilet :) Can you share which etsy store you found your rug? It’s amazing. I especially liked the pic of cheetah on it from yesterday’s post. Thanks for all your wonderful content, pictures, details, tips and honesty. I love when your posts show up in my inbox. Reading house tweaking is something I look forward to at the end of a long day. Thank you for sharing!Love the faucets on both the tub and sink. The shower enclosure rod is a bit flimsy. It’s perfectly fine for supporting the curtains but if one of the kids were to try and hang from it or something, it would be a disaster. So, we had a little talk with them about not pulling / hanging on it. We really wanted to have a shower option in here for the kids (when they’re bigger), guests and possibly resale in the (not so near) future. Otherwise, I would have liked a tub faucet with a handheld sprayer in a cradle.I believe this is by far my favorite room in your house! Is that weird to say about a bathroom? I love how it’s modern still giving a nod to the past. The mix of black and white is so classic but you managed to do it in a surprising and fresh way. I bet it was totally worth the wait!!My 5 year old tells everyone that one button is for big poops and the other button is for little poops! This is his take on the 2 button toilet and he’s serious enough about it to make sure everyone knows how to use it!!Very lovely Dana and Steve. I commented that I thought the toilet was off in one of your previous posts and now I would like to wipe that comment. -You have done a beautiful job in a small space and having two small bathrooms myself (which I love) I appreciate how difficult it is to make them feel spacious and functional. I also have three children and guests. I hope you smile every time you walk past this room. I enjoy the variety of your posts and you offer so much to your readers. I recently ordered the Commune book and love it. I also love my juicer. -Thank you. I do have a question(s)- what color are those peshtemals- are they grey? are they brown? does your kitty attack the fringe? can you please post a recipe for the bacon-wrapped pollack?We do smile every time we walk by or into the new (old) bathroom! Thank you for such kind words. I’m so happy to hear that you are enjoying your juicer and Commune book. The peshtemals are beige. It looks like the beige single towels are out of stock but there is a bath / hand towel combo available. Cheetah hasn’t messed with the fringe. As for the bacon-wrapped pollack it’s a super easy twist on a Jamie Oliver recipe:pollack (I use frozen) fillet wrapped in a piece of uncured bacon. Season with lemon zest, rosemary. Sometimes I add a drizzle of maple syrup. Bake per instructions on the fish package. For the asparagus, I just fry it in sesame oil with a little salt. Add the juice from your lemon to a few tablespoons of mayo (sounds weird but trust me it’s sooooo good) and dollop onto asparagus. Really, really good. Really, really easy.Wow, I’m surprised on the reaction to the toilet—I love it! It’s lines fit perfectly into your decor scheme. Plus it’s so unique (maybe that’s why some are turned off?). I love that it adds visual interest to your room, all while being a toilet, yet not looking like one.Also love the linen shower curtain. The way the sunlight filters through it is perfection. Kudos!The curtain was a hard sell. It’s not really functional since there are two liners but I could just picture it in there adding texture and looking all wispy and imperfect with its linen wrinkles. Had to have it.Beautiful renovation! I love everything you’ve done here (including the toilet). It all has such a fresh and original feel: well-designed with a great balance of style and function, warmth and hygiene, old and new. Love all the choices of timber, tile, taps. Well done!It looks like it was worth the wait. We started a tile project gone wrong in the bathroom months ago and hopefully one of these days our upstairs bathroom will be functioning again. Till then the sink and toilet sit in the guest room.LOVE it! That linen curtain really takes it home. We’re working on a bathroom renovation right now as well and also broke our toilet accidentally while removing it (ha). Love your family-friendly-meets-chic ideas (stool for bathtime, trashcan within a trashcan, etc).The sconce allows for 100W max. That plus the recessed light over the tub are plenty in this teeny bath (~5′ x 7′). I’ve seen similar lights at various home improvement stores but they don’t allow for as much wattage. That’s why we chose this one. Hope that helps!All I can say is that I want this whole bathroom in my house now. We have a 50’s ranch, still with the original bathroom. Luckily we have gray tile in ours. I’m wanting to make some updates to it this year, and this gave me so much inspiration!I stumbled across your blog awhile back and just love it and your sense of style. I love the wool rug on the bathroom floor. I don’t know enough about them to know how well they stand up to wet footprints. Was wondering if you could share some tips and suggestions?absolutely! renovating yourselves with kids and life all around you, it takes time! We renovated a whole house over a 2 year period a few years ago. But we had only one kid and grandma nearby who babysat on Saturdays. And the only reason it didn’t take longer is because we were determined to sell before the market cooled (which we did). Had it not been for these reason, it would have taken us years and years longer :)Gorgeous! Love the tile selections. I’ve seen a few bathrooms with the same black hex floor and white subway tile around the net lately. Love how you added texture with the wooden cradle base and flat kilim rug.[…] I like to share; I have a blog, don’t I?! I also spoke to Dana of House*Tweaking who recently revealed her bathroom renovation and has some good advice too, because it’s nice to hear from others who’ve been through […][…] of the image. You can see the door to a small linen closet and at the end of the tangent hall is the main bathroom. My biggest problem with the main hallway is that it dead-ends into a closet door. Boo. In an […][…] honey scent is delightful. (And the Trader Jacques branding is quite comical.) I set it out in the main bathroom on special occasions when we have guests visiting. It always generates a compliment or […]