The NBA trade rumor mill is churning with the February 19 deadline coming up on the calendar.There aren't any huge names amid the latest buzz, but there are whispers about a few capable contributors who could make a big difference for contenders. Those include standout Denver Nuggets guard Arron Afflalo, explosive Minnesota Timberwolves scorer Kevin Martin and Chicago Bulls big man Taj Gibson.Read on for the specifics surrounding these players, including their markets and analysis as to what their prospective changing of teams would mean.Specific Compensation Required for Arron AfflaloRocky Widner/Getty ImagesChris Dempsey of The Denver Post cites NBA sources in reporting that the Nuggets are attempting to trade Afflalo in exchange for a first-round draft pick.It seems to be a fairly modest cost for a complete player in Afflalo, but the trade market for him is tricky. This is a contract year, so the situation he'd land in would have to be promising enough to persuade him to stay for the long haul.The possibility of trading Afflalo is an attractive one for both sides. Given how poorly the Nuggets have played, they shouldn't expect that Afflalo will want to return next year. Better to get something in return now than to let him walk in free agency without anything in return.Steve Kyler of Basketball Insiders alluded to the possibility of Afflalo leaving Denver before The Denver Post reported the rumored asking price:.@samskubala: Do you see Arron Afflalo being moved before the trade deadline? ---> I think so, word is he will opt out, that's a challengeAfflalo would ideally land on a playoff-caliber team, which should comprise the interested suitors as it is. He could play out the rest of the year amid better circumstances and get a chance to show what he can really do, rather than dragging his feet playing for a dysfunctional Denver squad.Dempsey suggests the interest is strong in Afflalo but reports that teams are reluctant to part with a premium draft asset. This rumor shouldn't go away, because it makes a lot of sense for both sides.It does sound as though Afflalo wants to exercise his player option at the conclusion of the season. If he lands in the right situation, though, perhaps he'd be willing to reward the risk a new team took on him to get him away from the Nuggets.Afflalo could either stay on the books for a quite manageable $7.5 million cap hit next season, per Spotrac.com, or re-up with a prospective new team to affirm his commitment.A Possible Destination for Kevin Martin?Jordan Johnson/Getty ImagesA fractured wrist has limited Martin to just 15 games this season, but he's nevertheless an intriguing trade chip for Minnesota to consider playing at the deadline now that he's back in the lineup.Darren Wolfson of 1500 ESPN cites Sports Illustrated's Chris Mannix in suggesting the Washington Wizards are mulling over making a move for Martin:Mannix had reported that Washington and Dallas were possible landing spots for Martin. Based on how active the Mavericks have been making trades for Rajon Rondo, though, it's hard to imagine another big shakeup.The Wizards could use more depth on the wing. Paul Pierce is not getting any younger, 2013 No. 3 overall pick Otto Porter Jr. is still developing and there is a dearth of alternatives in Washington's current rotation beyond Rasual Butler.Half of the team's exciting starting backcourt, Bradley Beal, is dealing with a toe injury as of late.Martin can play the 2 or the 3 and would offer the Wizards immense help on offense with his lethal perimeter shooting ability. It would clear even more space for John Wall to get into the paint, and he doesn't need much daylight as is to create off the dribble.If Beal remains out, Martin could start at the 2 and give Washington superior size at the position or serve as a great sixth man if Beal returns by the time Martin gets to D.C.But the Timberwolves have to consider the substantial investment they made in Martin and how he might be a critical part of their plans.A nucleus of at least Martin, Andrew Wiggins, Ricky Rubio, Nikola Pekovic and Zach LaVine looks quite promising on paper. Martin is a proven veteran who can help the younger players like Wiggins and LaVine along.With a contract that doesn't expire until 2017, it would be a bit of a surprise if Martin is on the move before the deadline. On the other hand, based on how early in its rebuilding Minnesota still is, the right offer may trigger a trade.Bulls Likely to Retain Taj GibsonChristian Petersen/Getty ImagesJoe Cowley of the Chicago Sun-Times reports that the Bulls aren't going to shop Gibson."A source indicated the Bulls have made no calls about trading Gibson, especially because they have health concerns about center Joakim Noah," writes Cowley.Who would you most want on your team for a playoff push?Arron AfflaloKevin MartinTaj GibsonSubmit Votevote to see resultsWho would you most want on your team for a playoff push?Arron Afflalo27.3%Kevin Martin28.7%Taj Gibson44.0%Total votes: 557The Sporting News' Sean Deveney had reported as many as five teams were linked to the 29-year-old veteran big man.Quotes from Gibson within the article indicate that he is conscious of the trade speculation. The reasoning behind keeping him is logical, though, because having depth up front is key for the grind of postseason basketball.Chicago is a hard-nosed squad that has experienced an uptick in scoring with Jimmy Butler's improvement, Derrick Rose's full-time return to the floor and Pau Gasol's arrival.Head coach Tom Thibodeau is known most for his defense, which has kept Chicago afloat in recent years when points were hard to come by. Gibson has been a big reason for it, sparking the second unit on that end of the floor and also serving as a double-figure scorer.The Bulls boss publicly praised Gibson's versatility and how valuable he has been protecting the paint, via Cowley:Because of his ability to guard both positions [power forward and center] and to play both positions and [because] Jo's still working his way back [from offseason knee surgery], I think Taj is critical for our team. Taj has played well. He's been consistent. He’s been our best defender up front. That’s something that we need.As Noah continues to be hobbled by injuries and the 34-year-old Gasol accumulates more mileage, Gibson becomes all the more important in Chicago's frontcourt platoon.The increase in the Bulls' scoring has led to a faster pace of play from a season ago. They had the third-slowest pace in the league in 2013-14, with 92.72 possessions per 48 minutes, and were second in defensive rating in allowing 97.8 points per 100 possessions.This season, Chicago is 18th in pace with more than three extra possessions (95.80), and its defensive rating has gone to 102.1, which is 12th in the NBA but not as elite.Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty ImagesGibson is great at running the floor, shows discipline in pick-and-roll situations, is a steady shot-blocker and contributes to the rebounding advantage the Bulls enjoy over most opponents. All of those strengths, save for crashing the boards, offset where Gasol falls somewhat short, and Noah's job becomes less arduous as he tries to get healthier before the playoffs.The nucleus in Chicago hasn't been given a real chance to put it all together due to various injuries. The revamped present roster is the best opportunity the Bulls have had to make a real championship push.Dealing away a key constant in Gibson with two full years still left on his contract would be an interesting move that could make or break the Bulls' chances of contending this year.