CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The Cleveland Cavaliers traded for Kevin Love this off-season, hoping to build a new Big Three, comparable to the trio of All-Stars that was broken up when LeBron James left behind in South Beach.With Irving already in place, ready to become James' new running mate and provide the scoring punch that Dwyane Wade did early in their time together, the Cavs needed another piece to help James deliver on a promise to his hometown. They needed a third big-time option, someone to play the difficult role of Chris Bosh.So they targeted Love and now, more than halfway through the first year, he is fully aware of the challenge Bosh previously faced and warned everyone about in an interview with Ethan Skolnick from the Bleacher Report.In Toronto, Bosh was getting any shot he wanted at any time. He was Toronto's alpha dog, the man responsible for the team's success and failure. He grew comfortable and thrived in the role. Asked to carry the offense nightly, Bosh averaged a career-high 24 points while shooting 51 percent in his final season with the Raptors. He also added 10.8 rebounds and made the All-Star team for the fifth straight year.It was a brilliant individual season and he had quickly become one of the best power forwards in the NBA, but the season ended the way many others had, with Bosh and the Raptors missing the postseason, the fifth time in his seven seasons up north.The numbers weren't enough for Bosh. He wanted to win. So he left Toronto, turning in his snow boots for sandals, joining James and Wade in Miami.He knew he would have to make sacrifices. He went from the first option to the third. He went from playing on a team few noticed to playing in the sweltering Miami heat that cranked up even more following an ill-advised introduction, complete with outrageous declarations from James.Fans and media members wondered whether Bosh was worthy of being an All-Star. They asked whether he deserved his big contract. He was called overrated, among other things.Questions were raised as to why he was no longer putting up numbers he once did even though it was a simple answer.He was still the same talented and versatile power forward, but was asked to play a new role for the betterment of the team. He was asked to drift further and further away from the basket, creating space for his teammates. He didn't know where his shots would come from or how many he would get. The proven All-Star was forced to conform, tailor his game around two other stars, James and Wade.It's what Miami needed to reach greater heights. And the formula worked. Bosh and the Heat won two titles and made four straight NBA Finals trips, but it wasn't easy, especially in the early going.He was in a supporting role, averaging 18.3 points while shooting 49 percent from the field in his first 51 games. He averaged 8.2 rebounds, 2.2 assists and recorded 17 double doubles, a far cry from the numbers he put up in Toronto.But he was still making an impact. He was making things easier for James and Wade on the offensive end while also becoming an excellent pick-and-roll defender. He was doing whatever it took to help his team win.Sound familiar?The Cavs played game No. 51 on Thursday and Love is averaging 17.0 points while shooting 42 percent from the field, including 33 percent from three-point range. He's taking five fewer shots per game. He's also averaging 10.5 rebounds and his 27 double doubles are four fewer than Chicago's Pau Gasol, the NBA's leader in the category. The numbers, with the exception of shooting percentage, are very similar to Bosh's from his first season playing alongside James.And while it has been difficult at times, many, including Love, saw this coming even before the season."I'd be lying to myself and lying to everybody here if I was telling you I didn't have to sacrifice," Love said during Media Day. "I think it's going to have to be an effort throughout the entire team to do what's best for the Cleveland Cavaliers. And we don't know what that is really yet. But I'm going to do what's best for this team to win, because at the end of the day that's what we want, is to win."Not everybody would've been willing. Love was. Not everybody would be able to adjust. Love has.The Cavs are riding a 12-game winning streak and are 31-20, one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference. Despite poor shooting and sometimes-bad body language, Love has been a part of the surge."He does so much for them. Him standing on the floor is a big deal, it really is," Clippers head coach Doc Rivers said prior to Thursday night's game. "You have to guard him. He's a presence and someone is going to get less shots. That always happens. Look at Bosh with Miami. They seemed to work it out pretty well. With us it was Ray (Allen) or Kevin (Garnett), depending on the night. They figured it out and (the Cavs) will figure it out."The Cavs aren't asking Love to be the leading scorer. That role earned him zero postseason trips and they don't need that, anyway. James and Kyrie Irving share that role. Love's being asked to space the floor and pull defenders away from the basket, making things easier for teammates, just like Bosh.The result: Irving has never had so much room to maneuver through the defense and is in the midst of his best NBA season. James is averaging nearly 30 points during the recent winning streak. J.R. Smith has been able to get numerous open looks instead of forcing the action as he did in New York. Timofey Mozgov is roaming free.Love's excellent rebounding (eighth in the NBA) finishes defensive possessions. It has also helped ignite Cleveland's lethal transition game with his picturesque, one-of-a-kind outlet passes.His skill set changes the complexion of the Cavs' offense and there's no other player on the roster that can do what he can.There are still some nights when the Cavs will need or want Love to go back to his Minnesota days. Playing against Los Angeles on Thursday, the Cavs took advantage of Blake Griffin as Love scored 10 of his game-high 24 points in the first quarter. The scoring output, his third highest in a winning effort, came on the heels of a season-low five points against the Philadelphia 76ers, which led to much criticism."I just got tired of everybody talking about Kevin Love," David Blatt said on Thursday. "There's nothing wrong with Kevin Love. Kevin Love is a great basketball player and he is a highly valued member of this team whether he is on a great day or less good day because we all have them, myself included. Kevin played another fine and very, very high-level game today."For the meantime, everybody can calm down a little bit if you don't mind. Kevin has been great and we're winning and that's important."Winning a championship takes the right formula, the perfect amount of sacrifice. It takes everyone understanding and being able to execute their job. It takes trust and commitment. It's what defined James' Miami squads. It's the foundation for Cleveland's new culture.The three-time All-Star can help the Cavs in a variety of ways, but sweeping the floor isn't necessary. The Cavs don't need that. For now, they would much rather he keep doing the things he is already doing for them -- cleaning the glass, sparking the fast break and spacing the floor as Cleveland's third option.Follow Uscleveland.com is powered by Plain Dealer Publishing Co. and Northeast Ohio Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us).The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Northeast Ohio Media Group LLC.