On January 31st 2015. Noraye age 2 and her parents Eliscia Jordan and Aaron Gardiner were on their way home from a family outing when they were involved in a fatal car accident, they were hit by a drunk driver going 91 mph in a 25 mph zone which ended with both of her parents losing their lives instantly and leaving Noraye with a concussion, a broken leg and scared. When the drunk driver hit them he was still going 81mph.We are asking for donations towards Noraye's future to help with school, medical bills and just securing her future any amount helps. Thank you in advance for all your well wishes, continued prayers and donations our family appreciates especially Noraye.I wanted to say thanks again for all the love and support I have been given. I was able to get some of the items out of my car today. and I was told the driver of the car was going 91 miles per hour and when he crash into my daughter the car stopped at 85 per hour speed. who would be going that fast on Williamson Rd. There was no way my family my daughter could have ever made it he wasn't going 65 he was going 85 when he crashed into my daughter's body. My only child and my grand daughter mother I ask for your prays and love and anything you are able to give us. Thanks,I know what to say and I don't know what to say, If you can understand me. I love your caring words to me for my grand daughter family and my only daughter that a drunk driver has taken away from me. I feel I will be hurt for the rest of my life . And I cant explain how my grand daughter feels because I don't know. I just know she keeps asking for mom and dad. and I don't know what to say to her. See seen me cry many time and I haven't seen her cry. Oh how strong she is for me. I don't know what they said to her before they left her but it must have been very powerful because she at 2 is telling me Nana don't cry. I dry my eyes and say ok. She is my life now. Please keep praying for me and her because I really need your love and support. I don't know when I will write again because it is hard. I was able to get her to take a nap so I could rest a little and do some things around the house and just let you all know I am thankful for all you love and support.Campaign Not Ready There's an issue with this Campaign Organizer's account. Our team has contacted them with the solution, it's a simple fix! Please ask them to sign in to GoFundMe and check their account.