Aruna BaghaBeing an “It Works!”Retail Customer V Loyal Customer V DistributorToday I’m going to talk about being a Retail Customer, Loyal Customer V being a Distributor for It Works Global. I am getting so many questions about the difference and the benefits of each hence why I am blogging about this subject. I wanted to make the information easily accessible for you and anyone you wanted to make aware.When I first came across It Works Global and their Crazy Wrap Thing last year, after doing a bit of research…oh how I love to research everything ha ha. I saw that their were 2 price options one which was a Retail price and one a Loyal Customer price.The Retail price consists of paying the full cost online, for either the Ultimate Body Applicator or any products in their range which includes skincare, supplements and shakes. This is a one off payment, you get your one or how many ever products you order delivered to your address one time. So once you have paid that is it. The retail prices are highlighted in black on the website.Now moving on to the Loyal Customer pricing which is highlighted in green on the website. This option is the most popular option. Why?Don’t worry I hear ya lol. Ok so what It Works Global offers a Loyal Customer first of all is up to 40% off the Retail cost of any of their products in exchange for a 3 month commitment of paying and receiving an auto shipment. Let me break it down for you a bit more.Here is an example based on exchange rates today in US Dollars (USD) and British Pounds (GBP) for both the Retail Cost and Loyal Customer Cost for 1 box of The Ultimate Body Applicator.Retail Customer CostUSD 130.40 / GBP 85.64Loyal Customer CostUSD 79.20 / GBP 52.01As I mentioned earlier the Loyal Customer Cost is a value for money option as you get great savings on any of the It Works Global product range. You need to commit to 3 months worth of product being sent to your address, which also can be changed to a different product each month if you wish. After the 3 month period is up and you have your 3rd product delivered to your address, you can then cancel any further shipments to your address by contacting the free customer service number on your initial order email confirmation.Why do I have to complete 3 months of the loyal customer program?This is another perk of becoming a Loyal Customer. Once you complete 3 months and whether you decide to cancel further shipments or choose to carry on a bit longer. It Works Global will regard you as a Loyal Customer for LIFE. So another example is, if you do your 3 months worth of shipments and cancel and then decide 6 months later…. I would like to order another It Works product….Guess What?You are always going to that receive special price, up to 40% off their products. So if you order 6 weeks, 6 months or even 6 years down the line YOU will always be considered an It Works Loyal Customer. Just remember to keep your initial email order confirmation with your customer id, keep your password and keep the website you ordered from.There is also another option whereby instead of enrolling for the auto shipment you can pay a fee of $50 and become a Loyal Customer that way.What if I don’t complete the 3 months ?If for any reason you cancel before your 3 months is up, It Works Global will charge you a fee of $50 but its all good…when you start to see your results you wont want to cancel :loll:Hold on a minute…..there’s more ;-)Another benefit of being a Loyal Customer is Perks Point, if you say for example order 1 box of The Ultimate Body Applicator, you get some Perks Points. So one box equates to 7 Perks Points and 7 Perks Points equates to $7. 1 Perk Point equals $1……soooo as you receive your shipments over the weeks/months ahead these Perk Points build up meaning you can use them towards getting cheaper or even FREE product from It Works Global….Woop Woop!And there is even more…..When you sign up to become a Loyal Customer you get emailed what is called a Landing Page.Landing Page?….What in the world? For those of you who have a Twitter or Pinterest account, if you share your Landing Page on one of these platforms and either a friend, relative or complete stranger clicks on this link and places an order with It Works Global…..YOU… yes YOU will get a FREE box of Ultimate Body Applicators. There is no limit to this the more people click… the more FREE boxes you get.Ok that’s it now for Loyal Customers…moving onto being a Distributor for It Works Global.So you know how when you go to a great restaurant or when you go the movies and watch the most amazing film….You tell your friends and family about it right?Well that is what being a Distributor for It Works Global is all about. Most of us current Distributors started out as either a Retail Customer or a Loyal Customer. Believe me we were all skeptics however we took our curiosity a bit further and bought the products to see if they actually really worked.And guess what?They did work, we followed the directions and had a little patience and BOOM! saw great results!Now if you have a poverty mindset, it’s not really worth you reading any further….As I said, I saw my results, I was amazed! I took the plunge and signed up and became a Distributor for It Works Global :-)I paid £85/$99 for my Business Builder Kit…This Kit comes with 1 Box of Ultimate Body Applicators and marketing materials. I showed my results to people I knew and pre sold each wrap for £25. I then ran my first auto shipment and bought another 2 boxes of The Ultimate Body Applicator with the money I made from selling my first box. It is necessary to run your first auto shipment because that gets you commission qualified to get PAID by It Works Global. From the first box I sold I gathered 8 customers (even though I only pre sold 4) but as my first 4 customers were impressed, they told their people and they wanted the product too! So after this happened the company gave me $120 in product credit which I used for another 2 boxes ( I only had to pay a small delivery fee). So I then had 4 boxes of wraps and made £400 from selling them. The rest is history, I have never had to run another auto shipment to get commission qualified as I have always got customer after customer. I only order if I want one of the It Works products for myself….Their skincare line is absolutely fabulous….I will NOT use anything else ever again!I became a Distributor for It Works Global in May 2014…..one of the very first in the UK and I have never looked back. I am enjoying my journey with It Works Global, helping people achieve their health and wellness goals naturally… And I LOVE receiving the BIG company bonuses!The moral of the story is…..I could have stayed a Loyal Customer showed people my results and got tons of people to sign up and use The It Works Ultimate Body Applicator to change the shape of their body…..But I wouldn’t have got paid for doing this :cry:So I took that leap, that one extra step further and became a Distributor. I have always been honest about what the products can do for a individual and WILL NOT let you BUY if you cannot make the effort to drink water and eat a little healthier. This also is the applies if you want to be a DISTRIBUTOR on my team, if you are not motivated and are negative – this business is not for you. If you can’t see the vision and the bigger picture of how much you can help others, along with how much life changing money you can receive every month then please just carry on with your own life.What does it take to be an It Works Distributor?A positive, motivated and driven individual.Honesty, a little patience and consistency…..put these into practice and watch your WORLD change.If you are ready for any of these options I have written about today, scroll right to the bottom of this page and click the link and go for it!!… Yay!!