Is Your Coffee Stale And Dead? Read Now To Find Out How To Have The Best Cup Of Coffee In The World!I hope all you nuggets are doing well! ’Iv’e come to share with you today a wonderful insight on how to have the best cup of coffee in the world! I most recently came across a video about a man named Asher Yaron who shares his wisdom on his mission on finding the best cup of coffee. Mr. Yaron shared a lot about how he wasted money on endless and expensive coffee makers….not knowing that the real solution was right in front of him! By watching Mr. Yaron’s video I found out that living, non-stale, and energizing coffee has a shelf life of a week. That means that all your organic, expensive, overpriced coffee your drinking is just a health sham.(above: Asher Yaron and some spiffy fellow next to him)Here is the video below:This video was particularly important to me because although I love coffee I have always had bad reactions with caffeine especially coffee. After drinking a cup of coffee I would start to sweat, get headaches, and my heartbeat would speed up dramatically. These made me envious of others who could drink this delicious drink with no problem. After watching Mr. Yaron’s video I decided to roast my own fresh coffee beans and drink it right away to figure out if what this spiffy fellow was really telling the truth…that this coffee is the BOMB! I must say it honestly was one good cup of coffee. After ten minutes of drinking the coffee I started to get really focused, twenty minutes go by and I’m exploding with energy…even after thirty minutes I had no bad reactions to the coffee at all. This proves me (as someone who thought she was highly caffeine sensitive) realized that the coffee she was drinking her whole life was stale and dead coffee!The great thing about roasting your own beans for coffee is that it’s also very cheap to buy the beans. My boyfriend and I bought one pound of beans for around ten dollars on the internet. Also, you could even buy the coffea arabica plant and just have your own beans and roast them as well. It’s healthier, more energizing, and sweet on wallet. I hope all you beforeitsnews nuggets try this wonderful cup of coffee at least once! Trust me you won’t go back after that first sip!I have tried all kinds of coffee and was never satisfied. Only two types of coffee seemed satisfactory to me. Lemme ‘splain.Taster’s Choice French Roasted coffee in the individual packets. (No longer sold, hmmm wonder why?) As soon as I began liking it and told the world about it on the internet you could no longer get it or find it. Must be the individual packets. Tried the big container version (powder just dumped in) and it was not the same and deteriorated in taste in about 3 days.The second one was Gevalia when you request to be a member they send you a sample and it was the best ground coffee I tasted, but as soon as you get the second and then the third the quality goes down in lockstep till it resembles ordinary dead stale coffee. Quit the membership.Returned to grocery pre-ground and whole beans. None are really that satisfactory but if you can get them when they just stock up they tend to be better. I found one local brand better than the others. Also if you go to a coffee bar that moves a lot of coffee they tend to taste better also.I decided to do the ultimate coffee challenge I never done in my life. GOING GREEN BEAN, FRESH ROASTED AT HOME, THEN FRESH GROUND! I thought I would be in heaven.Results? Terrible coffee. Some of the worst I have ever tasted. No matter what method I roasted them, pan to popcorn methods all were dismal failures. I tried all kinds of green beans too. One time I had to go through 5 pounds of green bean that tasted like it was made of straw. Note, I did not use those home roasters and glad I never bought one. I believe the results would be the same.I was really DISAPPOINTED!In all of this I found commercially produced coffee (when you can get them just stocked or roasted) tended to taste a lot better, and I found out coffee goes stale after about 3 days and it deteriorates at that rate, even instant coffee. Meaning you get less taste of coffee on the way down.Whole bean commercially roasted coffee put in a tight container tend to keep their taste much longer than pre-ground coffee. Maybe 2 to 3 times as long or more. Just grind them before making coffee.