Poll shift: NSA’s security crisis joker fraudulent, says BuhariFebruary 8, 2015 : Eniola AkinkuotuThe presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Maj. Gen Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), says the Independent National Electoral Commission may have been compromised since it was forced to postpone the February elections.Buhari said in a statement on Sunday that INEC should not be blamed for the poll shift as it was boxed into a corner.He, therefore, urged his supporters to remain calm as the Peoples Democratic Party would not succeed at the polls next month.Buhari said it was suspicious that after the National Security Adviser, Col. Sambo Dasuki (retd.), failed to make INEC postpone the elections based on the inability of some Nigerians to get their Permanent Voter Card, Dasuki then came up with the issue of security at the last minute.He said, “Following the decision by INEC to postpone the 2015 general elections by six weeks, I wish to appeal for utmost restraint and calm by all Nigerians, especially the teeming supporters of our great party, the APC.“This postponement, which comes on the heels of the bogey of the NSA that half of the registered voters were being disenfranchised, was exposed as a crude and fraudulent attempt to subvert the electoral process.“The PDP administration has now engineered a postponement using the threat that security will not be guaranteed across the length and breadth of Nigeria because of military engagement in some states in the North-East.“It is important to note that although INEC acted within its constitutional powers, it is clear that it has been boxed into a situation where it has had to bow to pressure. Thus, the independence of INEC has been gravely compromised.”The former head of state urged his supporters not to take the law into their hands as this could compound the insecurity in the nation.He, however, urged them to see the postponement as an opportunity to strengthen their resolve for change.Buhari added, “As a Nigerian and a presidential candidate in the elections, I share in the disappointment and frustration of this decision. This postponement, coming a week to the first election, has raised so many questions, many of which shall be asked in the days ahead. However, we must not allow ourselves to be tempted into taking actions that could further endanger the democratic process.“Our country is going through a difficult time in the hands of terrorists. Any act of violence can only complicate the security challenges in the country and provide further justification for those who would want to exploit every situation to frustrate the democratic process in the face of certain defeat at the polls.“If anything, this postponement should strengthen our resolve and commitment to rescue our country from the current economic and social collapse from this desperate band. Our desire for change must surpass their desperation to hold on to power at all cost.”This election postponement engineered by POSTPONEMENT AND DESTRUCTVE PARTY, the SS and Security cabal is a slap on our face as a nation, it further shows the partisanship of the security chiefs, their unfitness for purpose and lack of professionalism in their work.They do not respect the collective wish of Nigerians. The bogus excuse that postponement is for security reason does not hold ground it is a ploy to mis-use and exploit the security situation in the country for the advantage of PDP, themselves and the looter in ChiefsNigerians in their millions, Voters and APC leadership and members should be resolute, more determined to see that the election is not derailed by those that want to impose their cluelessness on all of us, we are tired of official corruption and officially sanctioned and officially approved thefts in public institution. We should all campaign more vigorously and let all the vote know the scheme of these postponement cabals led by ClarkI will stay with my fellow suffering and smiling Nigerians until we get our country from the hands of prodigals and fully resist all their intentions to deny us the credibility and the service of GMB for the nation.No sane citizen will want continuity of pdp but since you have displayed your insanity by telling adeniyi to go to court over a well written statement of national interest i will advice you to visit the nearest psychiatric hospital for brain check.ny1010Buhari certificate issue is of a more fraudulent than the election postponement. Who are the prodigals? The born to rule or the parasites?ASIWAJUOMOAsk your father to present his certificate too?ny1010By their fruits, we shall known the untrained kids.http://lifesuccessquote.com/ GEJ TILL 2019.We want Tinubu to spend more of his stolen wealth, and plan B is to make Tinubu run to Jonathan again and beg him. Buhari have forgery and perjury charges in court. Next INEC Chairman will be Proff. Mimiko as Jega will be going on terminal leave. Go and cry to Tinubu if you are not happy.ClarioVery funny!!! Have you rescued your local government area from the hands of it’s thieving APC local government chairman? Have you rescued your state from the strangle hold if it’s APC governor and his thieving godfather?Nigerians please vote wisely, don’t be deceived by the rhetorics of those who want change to the dark and evil days of the 1980s and their opportunity to lay their hands on the national treasury and empty it!!!Vote Goodluck Ebele Jonathan for president and all PDP candidates for all elective positions nationwide!!!ConcernedGrow up and stop making silly statements – the national treasury has already been looted by PDPNigerian VoiceIts only those who lacks knowledge of the security imlicationb of going ahead with this election when the national security adviser has warned that will criticisebthe INEC.OlufemiAdeniyiIt is not all Nigerians that were carved from soft wood like your “mumunity”.The following countries had worse security and war situations and yet their competent military chiefs and electoral officers conducted elections undely flying bullets, they are:Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Mali etc. You over size stomach infrastructure officers have again shown their incompetency and unfitness fr purpose by abrogating ther own responsibility and handed guns and gun powders to the Chadians to protect Nigeria.A national shame, disgrace and absurdity. Now they have further worsened the degraded integrity y openly showing their corruption based postponement .It is time to VOTE WISELY for Buhari and APC Every Nigerian matters ooo, May God save Nigeria from ENEMIES WITHINVin EmekaWith the APC moles in the military? We have flushed some of them out and that is why we are recording great successes. Just wait, by February 14, your foot soldiers would start to hear am! There is no hiding place from the Father of Creation. Buhari has not yet started to complain.johnThey sold a dummy,and sadly Jega bought it. Whether he could hv stood his ground is another story left for posterity to judge. Mr Adeniyi I share your pain. Just when we tot we had 1 last lap to go d enemies of progress hv added another 6. But I tell u,if they like they postpone d election to d eve of handover,it’s clear they’ll lose d election. My advise is keep praying n working;nothing is impossible. I’m ishan by tribe n I sign off by saying:Sai Buhari(louder than I’ve ever said it)OlufemiAdeniyiHe had no option, if he refused, they will not partake, or they minimally partake in the election security, they will engineer few deaths and then hold Jega responsible for holding election contrary to security report, he will then be charged with multiple manslaughter or corporate manslaughter or its equivalentt in Nigeria. It is time to VOTE WISELY for APC and Buhari Every Nigerian matters ooo, May God save Nigeria from ENEMIES WITHINIchele AkiAt least this statement is an improvement on that of the blood of dogs and baboons flowing.The Nigerian quagmireGo and jump in the river. You and your incompetent hippo will swim together back to the creek.Ichele AkiYour response is in ‘order’. No surprises you lived up to ‘expectation’. I will not join issues with you on this at least because you have nothing to write.yetundeonigbogiWith animalistic actions of a dying PDP government, is it not justified if someone threatens blood of dogs and baboons? Fools like you will justify the brigandage actions of PDP but will be quick to condemn reactions they generate. Silly!mikeI am coming after you in south east London. Worry not meathead.yetundeonigbogiHmm….you must be a dog to know what a meathead is. Is your pet name ‘jack’? I guess it is!mikeNo my pet name is SaddamConcernedPathetic troll!Ichele AkiWhen you read the comment of a coward you will know. Yours is one. I wish you will be around when the blood starts flowing. APC cannot make headway with threats. When the chips are down people like you will be nowhere to be found. The man threatening the blood of dogs and baboons has done it before. This is why he is being watched closely. We will not accept the murder of innocent youth corpers from the south again. This time we will help him and ensure that the blood of the real “dogs and baboons” flow. As for despicable cowards like you, I will not worry because you and your people are known to run away from the fight.ConcernedStop misquoting people you sound like FFKBennyWith all these hot airs you are blowing cos of mere shift of date, then what will happen is your Messiah Buhari looses the election? Maybe, then you will literarily be eating and spitting fire.What I am yet to understand with all these noises from you APC supporters is, how does this shift in the election date an advantage to the PDP or any other party?Methinks, you guys as usual are just whipping up sentiments. 35% potential voters mostly from the Southern part of Nigeria are yet to collect their PVCs majorly due to no fault of theirs and you guys are saying INEC is ready. Fashola registered within same Surulere Constituency like I did and our PVC just arrived yesterday. This blame should rather be on INEC that has muddle up the whole PVC issuance and not some imaginary persons within the PDP. .OlufemiAdeniyiThey are no longer talking about PVC, It shows you are not current, it is now security concerns in the NE, despite that NW,SW,SS,SE are safe. This follows after series of allegations of Buhari being a BH, islamists, fundamentalist, OIC, no certificate, forgery, bno PVC etc, all have failed, It is time to VOTE WISELY Every Nigerian matters ooo, May God save from ENEMIES WITHINAbdulPDP have access to the treasury so they can finance election campaign for another 6weeks, APC on the other hand dont have such resources.PDP is a fraud, i hope they dont push us to the wall.yetundeonigbogiWould it not have been decent to let the man lose than for your PDP to behave in rag-tag manner that shreds any form of decency one might have been tempted to concede to them? Your shallow mentality does not make you see the big picture that it isn’t really about any individual par se but about a president that seem to have a penchant for acting like one who is a perpetual enemy to intellectual issues. I can’t blame you either, you are very parochial in reasoning that’s why you stupidly assume that everyone who desires decency in our national life must be supporting a political party. It’s only by your quantified reasoning that an election date (which was given more than a year ago) will be shifted less than a week to the same election and it won’t matter to you. Anyone who is not given to critical thinking will always splutter gibberish. After all, you rarely have a value chain that guides your thought line.Segun FakoleIchele Aki pls do your research properly. Buhari never said the blood of dogs and Baboons will flow. The terms used in hausa language “Kari Jini Biri Jini ” means when the Dod bites the baboon both will bleed. That term is also used when two people play games like cards etc etc in the North.OSAGUEThey cannot decipher the codepositive pointNice one fellow.mikeHe said monkeys and baboonsIchele AkiYes Segun, the import of the meaning is not lost on any body. The dog bites the baboon, the baboon bites the dog and then blood of both will flow. More of an idiomatic expression in Hausa if am reading you right. The meaning is still the same – threat of violence and subsequent flow of blood. This statement in Hausa was made in anger after the loss of election. We will try to call a spade a spade so that we can make progress. Apologize if need be or even withdraw the offensive statement. That’s the way of a progressive.johnU don’t explain to people all the time;they’re supposedly literate,they should be able to read in-between d lines. 1 thing I know,we won’t pass up on this once in 16yrs opportunity to put these jobless politicians out of ‘work’.BLACK SAINTAlamajiri talkSHOLA EUROPABut just last week,Asari Dokubo made more vigorous threat to our co- existence in this nation but sees nothing bad in it.Ichele AkiWho says? There is every thing wrong with asari’s statement. But let’s face it, asari dokubo is a thug or are you saying you rate him and buhari at the same level.?ConcernedAsari and GEJ are on the same level since he empowered him and bought him into his kitchen cabinet!Chris1408Truly jokers, they’ve not gone offensive on Boko Haram in more than 4 years, but they’ll start on February 14. A truly professional military won’t even say st*p*d stuff like that. Elections date has been set years agomorgan from chicagoLeave them.The Nigerian quagmireSai Buhari. We shall March for Buhari. thus clueless incompetent bast@rd will leave power one way or the other come may 29th.TemmyThorpe ‘sureboi’ FatayoWell said…tittop dedeLet’s watch whether APC will now be the one to win the election come next month. Whether shift or no shift,there will be election to chose whoever we want. Just relax old man.Amalik AbdelThe shift has only served to confirm what is clear to all. Gross incompetence! If you have denied the existence of Boko Haram for six years, you cannot now begin to tackle it in six weeks. If d late Yar Adua (May God bless his soul) thought that d Niger delta crises was solely a problem for that region, he could have turned a blind eye. It is shameful that over a week after d Chibok girls were kidnapped, your occupant of Aso rock did not believe it. At best, he thought, the problem was theirs and not his. In civilized countries, he would have been impeached for failure to defend d constitution he swore to.tittop dedeAll I know is that the security of life is very important and election cannot be held where police and army has vowed not to provide security and equally sure that if it were to be someone like IBB there won’t be any election in this country untill when Boko finally go.ykWe have resolved to stay calm our dear president to be. On change we stand.knockerWe will continue to remain calm and wait for the day of elections and your inauguration day sir even if takes them one year to be ready we will wait, they already know that this change is a must and it has come to stay.mikeOru. SlaveOdogwuGbaam! The chosen one is Buhari!israel amulumChosen to do what pls.Ahmad KehindeChosen to rescue Nigeria if you care to know!!! You better join the moving train before it is too late IsraeljuchiRescue itself and ur janaweed party not our beloved Nigeria. He can wait for 2019.todal77The hen is coming home to roost…agitations of the 60s are about to become true. Prophecies say 3 places…but I see 6 placesmikeMoving train? You be monkey?MobutuNigeria is a very funny country , how can you be supporting a Man that has brought so much sorry to the country. is a pitymikeLifam for lus we understanded evlytin he saide. You are a disglaceBLACK SAINTChosen to lead in sambisaGen2soul121Please chosen to do what???… @disqus_OtGqsF0Wf4:disqus or you know not?sufficientTo replace incompetent gangsGen2soul121Hahahaha… oh, so you’ve got a compete gang i suppose?… the kind that has Tinubu a drug baron who has to forfeit his proceed in drug in the USA or dont u know thats as good as being a convict or is that not enuf reason for u to think about transformation?..ConcernedIf you have problems with Tinubu take out a petition – that has nothing to do with GMB and all he stands for. Integrity, strength, patriotism, resilience in the face of adversity, wisdom, experience, patience, hope for a new dawn, etc etc…Gen2soul121Its not just me having problem with Tinubu but i also problem with the Man who says IF YOU HAVE STOLEN IN THE PAST I WILL NOT JUDGE BUT IF STILL TODAY THAT I AM THE PRESIDENT YOU WILL GO KIRIKIRI… What happens to accountability?. oh, less i forget maybe because he know that *I AM TINUBU will not survive *I AM AMAECHI will be in Kirikiri *I AM OLUSEGUN OBASANJO might be in Kirikiri *I AM ATIKU might b in Kirikiri So now u tell me what happens to accountability or is he coming as JESUS christ with CLEANSING for those that have sinned in the past?… OGAH GBM should come clean with wordsConcernedAnybody fit to lead Nigeria out of the mess it has gotten itself into after 16 years of PDP rule will have to set priorities.GMB – has rightly said that dealing with the insurgency and deterring future corruption are two of his.Funny enough GEJ is now copying his wisdom by delaying elections to tackle an insurgency that has been under his watch for five years.He has also committed to not throwing people in jail for corruption so the entire PDP machinery will remain unaccountable!Gen2soul121Can you for once try to be truthful to you?… Think wisely so Nigeria won’t fall back to same Old cabal… well let me just believe you are not seeing the big picture here..ConcernedTo lead us to the promised land !Gen2soul121Promise Land Indeed… Tell me better stories and not some munbo-jumbo ills… Why will he who stands Integrity, strength, patriotism, resilience in the face of adversity, wisdom, experience, patience, hope for a new dawn…Tell me that If i have stolen from Nigerian in the past that he is not going to Judge but if u still today that he is president u will be sent to Kirikiri… Maybe i tell why he said so, this is because he knows he has the likes of *Tinubu *Rotimi Amaechi *Lai Muhammed *Olusegun Obasanjo *Aminu Masari *Speaker Tambuwa D Thugman… Common brother i think i preffer this devil compared to an ANGEL FLYING ON DEVIL’S WINGS…ConcernedAs I said above –Anybody fit to lead Nigeria out of the mess it has gotten itself into after 16 years of PDP rule will have to set priorities.GMB – has rightly said that dealing with the insurgency and deterring future corruption are two of his.Funny enough GEJ is now copying his wisdom by delaying elections to tackle an insurgency that has been under his watch for five years.He has also committed to not throwing people in jail for corruption so the entire PDP machinery will remain unaccountable!Gen2soul121Note: I believe He was also committed to not throwing people in jail for corruption so the entire PDP machinery he is presently working with will not be held accountable my dear… Come to really think can he take Nigeria back to the way he left it in his previous Government or will he be going AGAINST the agreement that has made him so POPULAR today?…Dare UKYes Bros, the chosen one. Buhari 4 lifemikeOld cargo Buhari. Will you be there to help him out in pad changing and personal service like washing him up, empty his toilet bucket and towelling?Dare UKLol, but better than the current president surrounded by corrupt politicians and wanted criminals. God bless NigeriamikeOf course marchbuhari to sambisatulampaYes o my brotherjuchiStay calm and wait but pls provide Nigerians with your certificate.mikeSimpleConcernedYes simple minds repeat the same old tired mantra !!mikeBoiboi.NorthernerSambo Dasuki is my uncle, we are close relatives but I’m disappointed with his attitudes. I am ashamed he’s part of our family. He’s a total disgrace!The Nigerian quagmireHe’s a traitor. Nothing more nothing less .OlufemiAdeniyiYou are correct, he is a disgrace. The postponement in anti-North, anti Buhari, anti -APC, anti-Nigeria by the, PDP, SS cabals and the coward security chiefs that have cowardly designated their national security responsibilities of protecting our national boundary and national security to the Chadian soldiers and Cameroon military.Foreign countries are now securing our national integrity in the land, air and seas, all have been taken over by our newly found protectors from Chad while our over stomached officers are very busy scheming for the spoils of election postpone and electoral abuses under bogus security concerns .It is time that we renew out campaign for electoral values. VOTEs for Buhari and APC are surely the way to national redemption and integrity and shame the Evangelists of election postponement in Postponement and Destructive Party.Every Nigerian matters ooo, May God save Nigeria from ENEMIES WITHINhttp://lifesuccessquote.com/ GEJ TILL 2019.GEJ till 2019 and nothing will happen. What is divide Nigeria and northerners will not dare try it. Yorubas are scared and hate blood. Keep quite and enjoy your stay in Dubai.AdemolaOluwaWait shortly to see Dasuki(NSA) and five northern governors deflect to APC!!!Delta_QuagmireAnd at the same token, we await the Yorubas to decide whether they want to be Christians or Muslims – Southerners or Northerners – here or there. What a shame!Heroyou have always been off point.Ayousing ethnicity and religion to divide the country is no longer working. Ode!OleghimpieYou are always high on drug and matter in your head is already contaminated………..imbecileConcernedThey are all and more – they represent the future of Nigeria where we stand as one Nation – undivided by religious or ethnic affiliation.knockerNortherners will not try it and yorubas are scared and they hate to see blood and your people are bloody liars and and they can try anything that will divide the country as they have always wished,TILL THEN.todal77Sometimes the things you seek in SOKOTO may just be in your sokotoAlaeze AbaPeople like you have no place in our society.. U must be a tribalistic person.. All tribes in nigeria are Africans.. We are one people in God’s face. The political class used people like u to bring destrution & hatred, Africa& Nigeria in general will be difficult to have good governance because we are made to be blind & ignorant. Corruption is too high, insecurity is order of the day,note with out good government no future for us and our grand children.. We worship money & evil..my heart ripes to see how PDP ruined our dear nation.. Tell me pls PDP supporters what has PDP done in 16 years of governance.. If it’s in the developed world mr president has long time resigned because of his numerous failures..God bless NigeriaVictoriousHe will not survive.he has embezzled so much of our money.His government too are full of intimidations.Many trillions have lost in our oil sector,nothing had been done to it.Jonathan will quite Aso villa,if he doesnt want to leave,God shall eliminate him by force.Adetunji OladipoA big fool in 1998 the event that happen in shagamu,mile 12 and idi araba against the hausa people shows yoruba are not cowardIykelondonYou forgot to add that, it is also anti-Boko Haram.CHRIS-TONY OZOUDEShow leadership in your thinking and comments. Do not destroy the world because of what you just want. Everything is in a state of change except God. Do not condemn anything! #GEJ4NIJAsufficientSee ur hungry looking facemikeDreamer, what is his pet name since he was child?Echebiri Chukwuemekayou are indeed shameless and also a disgrace to hummanity yourself and you stand for so the election is better than the lifes and propereties been distroyed and bloodsheared been originated and carry out by tauts like you and your so called party and babaric animalistic presidential candidate who is after his selfish interst and despiration to come into power since thats the oat he has taking to die trying and a must to president of nigeria in his dreams am so sorry for u all APC blood sucker #GEJ4Naija #NONEVER2BUHARIlove.tLook mr with respect….. the most qualify people to come to this end to defend mr president should be sons and daughters of people like Doyin okupe ,,ffk ayo.fayose.. and all the pdp looters but you cannot find any of their family on line because they all ashamed of dirty job their parents are doing for mr jonatahn…..so if you love this nation I will advise you to change lane…………Huck231Who says? We do not defend PDP but we defend the President. And you should be grateful to him that you can say things about his government without risk to your life.mikeWhich lane? Here in 9ja we don’t drive on right hand lane. So drive in the correct lane. GEJ2019 Sail JonathanConcernedThe bloods we are sharing – don come again ooo !!MOUAs you have stood for justice, so shall the ALMIGHTY GOD STAND FOR YOU; AMEN!!!Huck231Do you know why he suggested that the polls be postponed? Do you have an idea of the inner facts for postponement? If you have half knowledge, then keep quiet.CHRIS-TONY OZOUDEWakeup, Nigeria is a Nation, not your family, do not pour this parochial family sentiment. This is Nepotism of highest order. Stand up to be counted in Transforming your generation. Do not get involved in this Tribalism, Avoid the trap of local stories. It will not help you either. Be Nationalistic, have a name to personify yourself. You can show leadership by doing the above ideas. Dasuki thinks of the welfare and security of all Nigerians, this is leadership. #GE4NIJAjuchiWe are not interested , if u like let hinm be ur father, continuity tiill 2019.BLACK SAINTThen drink poisonmikeWetin be his village name? DreamerNorthernerShut up! My fathers Grandfather is from Dogon daji! But believe it or not, it makes no difference to me!The Nigerian quagmireThis is a tactical coup. Nigerians need to rise up and take their country back from these tyrannical clowns. Their day of judgment is at hand. These imbeciles should be arrested, tried and made to face the firing squad.mikeStart the revolution now, meathead.http://trendsilk.com Dafe SoniaTalking of tyranny, you support the worst in the history of this country. Carefully select your words dear friendtemplersnight#jesuisJonathanOreagba Akeem AfolabiJonathan is just worsening case for himself. He would soon be a tenant in kirikiri maximum prison, that is where criminals like him end up. March4GMBFemi ElugbajuReally on change we stand whether pdp likes it or yes they are evacuating the house of power come may 29. Let’s move Nigeria Gmb (General March for Buhari).tittop dedeBt tell me at age 73,what is d old man looking for again that he wants to get to power by all means. The democracy he stopped through coup and unsurp power from shagari and now he wants to go and die in that office so as to be bury by state money,no way for u Buhari,go and die in ur villageikenna73 is his official age. That man is older than thatOSAGUEEven if he is 100yrs old….SAI BUHARIOreagba Akeem AfolabiAnd what do you say of a younger and inactive president?tittop dedeAssuming is u,u would have wiped away the northern state like obasanjo did bcos u are simply living in the west and Boko neva come blow off ur head there. Is wiping the innocent people of north that would have made u to know that he’s active or not. Declearing emergency state without removing their incompetent governor so as to allow them have access to democracy bt now people don’t talk abt their governors or northern elders forum bt keep on shouting Jona name,God mustpunish all of u that know rhe truth bt hide it.georgeStop displaying your drug addiction character. Address issues as the come. At least your good for nothing colleagues used this propanganda but it didn’t work out. The issue is PDpigs penchant to hold on to power after losing its credibility and popularity by extended election date and the ensuing consequences.tittop dedeU are like ur mad dog broda AmaechigeorgeJust the way you are a complete semblance of you partner in cultism and thuggery, Nyesom Wike who SHALL never be governor of Rivers stateAshimi AkanmuWe need elders to help when the young GEJs have failed. If you do not need elders please go an get rid of the old ones in your familytittop dedeU are simply telling me that all the young ones in ur home are useless and mumu that can’t reason for themselves and u are simply one of the fools that should have been aborted at conception.mon cheerieHmmmm! There’s one thing I’m very sure of! Whether d election is shifted or manipulated, only God’s will shall stand!echekeGod will for ever bless you and give you more wisdom and power in Jesus name AmenPere-EbibofepunchAshimi AkanmuGEJ cannot be fooling people all times. Our eyes are opened. A president who only acts when he has something at stake. He thinks Nigerians has lost their memory and sense of judgment. Does it mean that when Boko Haram is threatening Nigeria sovereignty the Nigerian army is not capable of handling any security challenge. My take on this is that GEJ needs more military personnel to replicate the evils perpetrated in Ekiti and Osun States. This is impossible. The dead body’s leg you buried in Ekiti state has been exposed.ogbeideuhiWe cannot continue like this, 1st , DSS said that APC want to hack inec documents and inec said that it was not possible unless it is an insider job, then National Security Adviser said in London that failure to distribute PVC, but inec said No , National passed a law to use temporary and permanent card further more, now it is inability of the Military to protect life,property and electoral materials… I feel they the military is planning to rule over Nigeria very soon, Please Nigerians watch it.Ashimi AkanmuThis must be resisted at all cost. The coup is being hatched. They want to install the cronies of GEJ so after taking over they will conduct another kangaroo and the same set of PDP will continue to destroy Nigeria but with different acronymjuchiGo to the streets, I thot by now u would have been on the streets protesting .Chico IsaacYou are enjoying the freedom provided by the same Gej.you accused of corruption. No Nigerian President accepted to sign FOI bill but Jonathan did. Simple reason you can open your mouth wide and talk nonsense. Gmb is not the kind of person you can openly critisize and live. He is used to given orders, he cannot manager a Democratic system.JackShut it you daft..FOI has nothing to do with freedom of speech,2 contrasting stuffs! Illiterate like you coming here to misinform peopleSamuel Ade Olukunle AkitundeWE HAVE A LOT OF THEM AROUND, I WILL ADVICE YOU ALLOW HIM “RANT AWAY”, HE IS ONE OF THE “PAY PER POST” BEASTS!!!ConcernedSo you be ghost tabi ?OSAGUEMarch-on BuhariOreagba Akeem AfolabiNigerians have been so nice to this shoeless man but he is paying us with bad. GEJ, your days are numbered in Aso RockPere-EbibofeThe Punch una don tire to block me? people go dey insult our president with all manner of language and una go post am but if i talk the truth about this deciever buhari una go block me. E no good o, the media should be neutral and the form of reporting should not be one sided. as for me, polls shift is constitutional, it was done in ukraine as they were facing security challenges, they shifted the election from march 29 and later did it may 25. people understood and the opposition didnt cry foul. APC is just a desperate party of failed politicians who are only good at rubbishing anything good from Goodlucks govt. they’ve had a lot to rubbish cos he has done a lot, so it only goes to show the APC as the clueless and senseless party they are.francoisWe ask Buhari to come on debate and speak. All this grammar is not from him,either from his campaign manager or organizing committee.OlufemiAdeniyiCompromised debate? We now know that your oga cheated for his Porthacourt handout Degree.It is time to VOTE WISELY for APC and Buhari Every Nigerian matters ooo, May God save Nigeria from ENEMIES WITHINAdemolaOluwaWell articulated our President in making!!! Sai Buhari/OsinbajoPere-EbibofeUkraine 2015 elections planned for march 29 did it on may 25 If ur person na inec official for north east u go say make we no give the military and the multi national task force time to run boko haram down? and if u say they cant flush em in 6 weeks how bout reducing the threat significantly to the bearest minimum? once again if postponement of election is illegal pls u kn ow where to go, lawyer fashola can represent u.jeminiwa adeBuhari added, “ we must not allow ourselves to be tempted into taking actions that could further endanger the democratic process” is Buhari truly born again? the process he truncated in 1985? can leopard ever change it spot?.AsukThe lopsided distribution of PVC was a strong enough reason to shift the election. How come PVC distribution in the war turn north east was more than the south west? APC was against the shift because the PVC so far distributed favors her. The shifting has not violated any electoral law, therefore no need to cry foul.positive pointTrue words of a worth leader. GMB is like noah we will jump in to ur arc to better prosperous nigeria. Sai BuhariDoris UdohIf for security reasons we have inconclusive results in some regions, some Nigerians will cry foul play, in fact they are already doing so. The fact still remains that there are security challenges. The truth we don’t want to hear is this: The best decision in Nigeria’s interest is shifting the polls. Period! #NO2BUHARIASIWAJUOMONo to your family tooNigerian Voice#FailedBuhari has again proven to Nigerians with this kind of comment that he does not care for the security and well being of Nigerians. All he wants is power. This statement is nan evidence that the security of Nigerians will not be guaranteed if voted into power. I can not believe a former general who suppose to understand the implication of security on the election day talking rubbish.Clario#jesuisGEJmohammedU will be surprise on how d élection will go.Punch newspaper can not win élection for youSamuel NgeneI hv always known BUHARI to b a BLOCK to the SUCCESS of this GreatNIGERIA, this is why he hav no good Record in his past ADMINISTRATION!!! So he wants Nigerian to be disenfranchised of their rights!!! He wants Violence to take Nigeria backwards,, this is the more Reason why we must SAY #NO2BUHARI, #GEJ4NAIJAJackWhere are these illiterates like you posting here coming from,I thought d factory manufacturing people like you closed decades ago with d new technological advancement! Baffling and mind boggling! Total washout of peopleharuna umaru@jack you are just as foolish as ur commentNigerian Voice#MarchoffBuhari Nigerians. This man can not protect us if we give him power.Depreiye AdrianGMB INEC is safeguarding the lives of eligable voters concerning the insecurity of thge country. Do you want to endanger the lives of voters that day be reasonable. #NO2BUHARI #GEJ4NAIJAJedOH! Insecurity started today and would have been over by March 28??? What is the military doing in elections? It’s the work of police and not army… to safeguard the electorate and election materialsConcernedIt is not INEC ‘ s role to safeguard elections it is state security ‘s.The NSA and those under him have admitted they cannot fulfil their statutory duties so they should let INEC conduct the elections in time so more competent people can be elected and employed !Dammy AdegokeWise words, Mr president sir. MARCH IS JUST ROUND THE CORNER.mubarakIs it hard to see that it’s because of the security crises it was post[poned? #No2Buhari #Gej4Naija.OdogwuIn your malaria dream.ralphTAN owned account again!trixhow did mr buhari know that inec postponed the election becaurse the where pushed on a tight corner? he shuld stop instigating violence, inec gave their reasons why it should be postponed and the reason is genuine so buhari should go and sit down and wait for the election date we have not forgoten what you said in 2011#No2BuahariDarlington BariYou must have been sleeping or been in the moon all these while. Anyway, if it’s what you guys did in a ekiti that you want to perfected in this general election, then PDP, would ready to face the masses SIMPLE! AS, THERE IS NO MORE SHORT CUTS OF BACKDOOR TO VICTORY ANYMORE!trixi’ve been on earth Nigeria to be precise so u since u knw y not tel me mr manNigerian VoiceGoodluck is the messiah that this country needs for forward ever backward never. #Vote4GEJConcernedForward to the total destruction of the country under GEJ you mean !mubarakI hv always known BUHARI to b a BLOCK to the SUCCESS of this GreatNIGERIA, this is why he hav no good Record in his past ADMINISTRATION!!! So he wants Nigerian to be disenfranchised of their rights!!! He wants Violence to take Nigeria backwards,, this is the more Reason why we must SAY #NO2BUHARI, #GEJ4NAIJAMustapha SadiqIt’s simple. The INEC acted in the interest of peace and fairness. Those of us who desired to vote but have not been able to collect our PVC should simply calm down and keep quiet as if we do not matter? You know what, I think the Agrieved People’s Congress should just relocate to their Headquarters in Afghanistan or better still go on exile to the moon. We must vote too whether you like it or not. #GEJ4NAIJAmohammed ababakarthe unfortunate situation is that most people that call themselves leaders were not helping matters in this country. we will not tolerate what buhari is saying any longer in this country. enough of this. buhari we must make sure GEJ Wins it.dapo alimiI totally disagree with GMB…As a matter of great concern…JEGA came out himself and reminded we Nigerians that this postponement was never triggerred forcefully by the PDP……..INEC SAID.. ”We believe that INEC must have drawn a useful guide from available security reports from the North-eastern zone where, despite the very serious challenges that our people are facing there from Boko Haram, we believe that elections must hold. We must insist on this in order to ensure that no parts of the country lose their right to freely, safely and peacefully participate in the coming elections and to vote for the candidates of their choice. ALSO The shift of date is a welcome development. It is solely the decision of INEC. The decision is not from the PDP but we commend them (INEC) for showing courage by owning up to the fact that they are not ready to go ahead on February 14th. The shift will help INEC to organise themselves properly, to put their house in order and to put in place all the necessary arrangements for the polls. The shift will also enable the nation’s security agencies to do what they have to in order to secure the north-eastern zone and ensure that elections can hold there,,,At this note,,,,I #SAYNO2Buhari……………………#YES2GEJ2015deennuruGen Buhari doesnt seem to care about the innocent lives that could be lost during election… Statements like this are really uncalled for…… I reject this time of dictatorial Leader…. #NO2Buhari #Gejwinsit_ #Gej4naijahttp://cyndynews.blogspot.com Akachukwu cynthiaI see that the frustrated one here is buhari,why does he have to complain and read negative meanings into everything that Inec is doing to get us a credible election, maybe he has ulterior motive Febuary 14th, INEC is an independent body, and cannot be boxed to a corner according to buhari, you are the preacher of change,so practice what you preach.#NO2BuhariSBBify#GEJmustbematchedoutinmarchharuna umaruI dont blame the people that thinks GEJ was the one who shifted the election or that GEJ brainwashed JEGA / INEC, i blame illiteracy and the people that is always taking their so called result to the army. If buhari want to rule Nigeria let him wait till all is teeth are rotten, mtchewwwwww, APC members has the brain of broom, hehehehe. Come 2050 if GEJ want to be president i will vote him over and over again, #GEJ4NAIJA #NO2BUHARIJhorny MegasNo be from the rot una dey chop why you no go want make e be life president may 29 is sacrosanthttp://batman-news.com Peace_3This is another dumbAliyu Buhariits obviously not surprising that GMB is saying this… he feels this is all a plot against him but with or without the sift in the election date, he knows that he has lost already. this is just mere propaganda on Buhari’s part. it should be noted that GEJ didnt work this out, he never asked INEC to shift the date. this is totally an INEC decision. Oga Buhari, abeg relax your nerves o. its always #GEJ4naija and #No2Buharihttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Nigeria is never short of dumb people like you.Depreiye Adriandumb dumb dumb dont you have any other wordsralphTAN-owned accountAliyu Buharilolz… again, am not surprised at u calln me dumb, it takes a super dumb person to knw that sum1 else is dumb. you fall into that category of pple we should stay away from (chaotic pple). my opinion will always be mine, and if ur not ok with it, u drop urs rather than insulting pple, so u see hw dumb u are?Ibukun TosinI always wonder why the old General cries foul at the slightest opportunity, it makes one wonder what he is truly afraid of, if he is so confident that he has the votes of the people then six weeks shouldn’t make any difference.JackRENO BOYS TROOPING IN NOW FROM THEIR BASE, CONJUCTURING CONSPIRACY THEORIES AND PROMOTING GEJ TO THE BEST OF THEIR LACKING IN INTELLIGENCE ABILITY..IGBO NAMES AND ND NAMES…. MUBARACK,NGIGE TRIX,NIGERIAN VOICE,THESE ARE 3PEOPLE IN MANY!ralphYou can see its coordinated. This is what they wanted the 6 weeks for.OlufemiAdeniyiWe will be here for them, match them word for word, and By the grace of God we shall be on top. It is time to VOTE WISELY for APC and Buhari Every Nigerian matters ooo, May God save Nigeria from ENEMIES WITHINralphIt took me just 5 mins to find out: @SUNNY – New Account 2 Comments since account created today. @Donal Ekeson – Only ever commented on same articles as @Head Master Kay, @Maiha Mercy, @Aliyu Buhari. The PDP e-Media team are so lazy. Creating fictional accounts for one person to comment on using the same accounts or gathering miscreants to do it wont save their principal GEJ.Jamila KadirWhen will people not find fault? If they didn’t shift the election and GMB does not win u will still blame it on PGEJ who had nothing to do with the postponement. #GEJ4NaijaralphA1 for the commentHead Master KayYou guys can say what ever you want, had it been the election would hold in the 14th of feb this year, and GEJ wins the election what would you do? Most Buhari followers are ready to die for what they don’t truly understand the truth is that crisis was inevitable so if you still belive your candidate will win on the 28th of march, exercise patience and see what God can do. #gejites #GEJ4naija #no2buhariMaiha MercyINEC shifted the poll because it was necessary. Buhari certificate case is more fraudulent than the postponement of the election.He should tell Nigerians how he got admitted into the army and rose to the post of a general without certificate.#No2BuhariSule Faskarithe election postponement was for the interest and peace of this nation so as to avoid issues such as some persons not having PVC sd to vote,,,Austine OchigboThe shifting of the Election is not for PDP but for the entire political parties in the Country. the shifts became a necessity when the Security personnel can no longer guarantee safety of life and properties if the election should be held at the planed date because of their involvement in combating the insurgents in the north east of the country. #GMB should not directly or indirectly instigate any form of violent because his comments can be taken as a security threats which is capable of causing chaos in the society. Election postpone or not, what will be will be. #NO2BUHARI #GEJ4NAIJAAmenor AishaWho is Buhari seeking to govern, the death or the living? if the lives of those his seeking to govern are important to him their security should be of most priority to him. He may be disappointed because the postponement must have alter his plan of rigging of the election. Those that are against the shift have perfect plans to capitalize on INEC short coming and rig election. Rigging of an election is unacceptable to Nigerians. #NO2Buhari #GEJ4NaijaDonald EkesonGMB should see a raeson for the prosponment of the election since we are all praying for free and fair election, many people are still expecting there PVC and the security is in shamboos, we can’t say because of our own personal interest we should put the lives of Nigerians at risk, i fully support the INEC chairman for his decision, and i believe the whole nation we agree with me and support our able INEC chairman. God bless Nigeria ‪#‎GEJ4Naija‬, ‪#‎NO2Buhari‬http://batman-news.com Peace_3I think a lot of people make comments supporting the poll shift and criticising Buhari are the dumbest living Nigerians without apology.deennuruCalling people dumb on here aint the best thing to say…. Avoid insults okay… Vote Gej and have a chance to be enrolled in the YOuwin or Surep scheme so you can be empowered and stop insulting people”s opinion…… #GEJ4Naijahttp://batman-news.com Peace_3You are certainly one of the dumbs.SUNNYAPC not inclusived, when it was said that more than ten parties met wth INEC? if yes then where is your stand and if you are there y complaining?#GEJ4NAIJA#http://batman-news.com Peace_3These PDP supporters are surely the dumbest living Nigerians.joy clement#GEJ4naija, the shift of the upcoming election is for the benefit of our beloved Nigerians….. for instance if one or two of our relatives are in one of this state what will be your best suggestion 2wards the postponement of the election so to me GEJ is doing well keep it up We must insist on this in order to ensure that no parts of the country lose their right to freely, safely and peacefully participate in the coming elections and to vote for our candidate, Jonathan keep winning gej #NO2buhariSUNNYINEC is not a party, we must leearn petience to allaw them work#GEJ4NAIJA#http://batman-news.com Peace_3Again, these PDP supporters are the dumbest living Nigerians.dapo alimi@peace………………….ur words do not justify ur name…Note that these are just opinions from different minds…u r entitled 2 us ,,,so plsss do nt hate…#GEJ4NaijaBuhari has once again proven to Nigerians with this kind of comment that he does not care for the security and well being of Nigerians. All he wants is power. This statement is nan evidence that the security of Nigerians will not be guaranteed if voted into power. I can not believe a former general who suppose to understand the implication of security on the election day talking rubbish. @GEJWinningTeam #GEJ4Naija #NO2BuhariConcernedYour comment is more applicable to GEJ he is the power hungry one ready to risk the unity of the whole country in his desperate bid to cling onto powerAustine OchigboNigeria is bigger than any individual therefore the interest of people supersede any personal interest. INEC took that decision for the interest of the people and Nigerians at large hence #GMB comments is disrespectful to the commission and Nigerian. #NO2BUHARIhttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Without gainsaying these PDP supporters who have lost all sense of shame and decency are the dumbest Nigerians living or dead.AdemolaOluwaPDP has finally failed!!!Austine OchigboNigeria is bigger than any individual therefore the interest of people supersede any personal interest. INEC took that decision for the interest of the people and Nigerians at large hence #GMB comments is disrespectful to the commission and Nigerian. #NO2BUHARI #GEJ4NAIJAodey anthonyOur country is going through a difficult time in the hands of terrorists. Any act of violence can only complicate the security challenges in the country and provide further justification for those who would want to exploit every situation to frustrate the democratic process in the face of certain defeat at the poll #GEJ4Naija #NO2BuhariSUNNYThe main reasons for the posponment was gathered to be a security purpose, and this is the reason we must sopport our leders#GEJ4NAIJA#Vin EmekaDon’t be deceived. Buhari has not changed. He was only playing out a written script. It is all pretense. I can never be deceived by him. Even America which is now screaming murder advised her citizens about the security situation in Nigeria. The same applies to EU observer mission which said its members would not be allowed to go to the North East because of the security situation. So what is this noise all about? It is a fact, confirmed by INEC itself that millions of Nigerians have not gotten their PVCs. So where were we rushing to? The drafters of the Constitution envisaged such situations which was why the saving clause was inserted for postponement. Buhari is trying to exonerate INEC of blame, whereas it was INEC and Buhari himself by his reckless statement when he was defeated in the 2011 election that caused the whole problem. If INEC had done its job well, we would have avoided the mess. America should just steer clear of our internal affairs. They have shown that they do not mean well for us by refusing to sell military wares to us to fight Boko Haram and at the same time frustrating our government’s efforts to procure them from other countries. America hates GEJ because he signed the gay law and is developing Nigeria very fast, meaning less economic gains to America; and to compound the issue, Nigeria is beginning to turn to Eastern Europe and Asia for business. So to America and Britain, GEJ is bad luck to them and must therefore be removed. How else would one explain that a country like America which prides itself as an epitome of democracy and defender of human rights, find nothing wrong that millions of Nigerians would have been disenfranchised for no fault of theirs had the election not been postponed when our laws give room for such postponement? I would not be surprised if America influences the West African countries which want to join forces with Nigeria to tackle the insurgents to back out. If I were GEJ I will not allow America observers to come in to monitor the polls as a protest for America’s refusal to sell military wares to Nigeria and at the same time frustrating Nigeria’s moves to procure the wares elsewhere and the unfounded negative reports that America and its agencies have been peddling about Nigeria. If America observers come into Nigeria, it is only negative reports that they would carry. GEJ please do the needful; and please remember that Jega must go. As you obliged the North by sacking Festus Odimegwu when the North was not comfortable with him and the Heavens did not fall, sack or suspend Jega now that the South has serious grounds to doubt Jega’s integrity. Jega definitely is not an unbiased umpire by his actions so far. The ball is in your court, Mr President. I have said my own. God bless Nigeria.deennuruThey were actually bragging and threatening about the proposed shift in polls…. Now what can APC do nw… When your are powerless, You are powerless….. #No2Buhari #Gejwinsitjay speakshow can a man that wants to rule this country not care so much for the security of lives and property…his followers are so violent and hot headed that was y he called for a calm I guess….I don’t know whether the baboon bites the dog or vice versa, I just cant be comfortable under he rule of that man….the angel you know is far beta than the angel you do not know.#GEJ4NAIJAralphYet another TAN-owned accountjay speaksna u sabi….oyo is your casehttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan and PDP have only succeded in breeding a generation of dumbs. You can read their dumb comments here.deennuru@Peace_3:disqus You are still not yielding to my advice…. People like you are simply blinded by the antics of Your God father Tinubu… Very soon your eyes would soon be open to the reality…. You claim you need change and all you want to give us is a former military dictator who curtailed freedom of speech, ordered the kidnapping of opponents and jailing of journalists, and is accused of incitement to violence and grave human rights violations in Nigeria’s current democratic dispensation….. @peace… Please focus on the Bigger Picture.. Focus on the Future of Nigeria,… Focus and Vote for GEj in the upcoming Election okay!….http://batman-news.com Peace_3Here comes one of Jonathan’s dumbs.Samuel Ade Olukunle AkitundeLet them RANT Away, The “Pay per Post” Beasts are on the loose to impress their Pay Masters!!!Abubakar GaidamBuhari can afford to be parochial all in the name of seeking an elective,the question is if he were to be an ordinary Nigerian,would he like to be disenfranchised or threatened by security situation during election period?If supposed leaders can empathise,how do they get to know the true feelings of Nigerians.Nigerians need to be protected at all cost by whatever means.This postponement is the only way to guarantee lives and properties.Buhari shouldn’t politicise this because of ambition,Nigeria is bigger than any individual.Let all Nigerians vote wisely and desire true leaders who care about their well being. #NO2BuhariLet them Rant Away Concerned Nigerian Masses are not Moved by Their Deceit/Propaganda. We are on The MARCH TO ELECTING “BUHARI” AS THE NEXT PRESIDENT of A NEW, HEALTHY, SECURE, PROSPEROUS & RESPECTABLE UNITED NIGERIA .# GENERAL MARCH 4 BUHARI (GMB)ralphSure PDP can do better than this! It took me just 5 mins to find out: @SUNNY – New Account 2 Comments since account created today. @Donal Ekeson – Only ever commented on same articles as @Head Master Kay, @Maiha Mercy, @Aliyu Buhari. The PDP e-Media team are so lazy. Creating fictional accounts for one person to comment on using the same accounts or gathering miscreants to do it wont save their principal GEJ.http://batman-news.com Peace_3One of the greatestest achievements of Jonathan is that he has built a whole army of dumb people mainly in some parts of the country.adamu musa483Nigerians should cast their mind back to 2011 election, we all saw how youth corpers were murdered including some INEC officials, because of lack of security presents in most areas in the north, presently the security bodies wants the safety of every Nigerians to be guaranteed, that was while they made the move for postponement, kudos to our security personnel’s for such a proactive measure. #NO TO Buhari #GEJ 4 NaijaralphAnother fake account just created todayhttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan’s only success is the million of dumb people he has created in the country.Ngozi Jonathanthe man of people is for ever, who ever says dat EJG is not doing it, let him come and try, he started it since years ego, even till now he is still doing it>>>> #EGJsimplyhabibaThe polls shift was necessary so that FailedBuhari will not cry too much after he loses… INEC just gave GMB more time…am sure he is grateful and just wanna talk trash to cover upSadia BalogunPlease, let’s be calm and not fight. Everyone is free to air his or her opinions. But, sincerely, we all know the truth. GEJ must continue the good work he is doing. There is no need to quarrel and fight over the obvious. I wish you GOODLUCK guys…..#GEJ4NaijaralphAnother PDP account! lolSadia BalogunPardon?ralphYou are probably not aware that it is easy to trace profiles on DiqcusSadia BalogunSo, you traced it and I’m in PDP secretariat or what? Please, do not say what you are not sure of. I support Jonathan and that’s all.ralphYoung man, go and do something useful with your life. After the elections TAN and PDP will forget you. That is my advice to youSadia BalogunYou see yourself, Mr. tracer…. I’m a lady for crying out loud.SUNNYBuhri is a leader, an elder, but he really dont sound like someone who has the peace of the Nation in mind, what Nigerian want from a leader like you is a statement that work for peace not to cause division#GEJ4NAIJA#shamsiya muktarThe best that Nigerians can do is to applaud INEC for a job well done because they have really put everything into consideration including the security of the citizens of this great nation!#GEJ4naijajoy clement#GEJ4naija,it a good decision inec took Good work INEC, I belive strongly INEC has their reasons for shift in election NSA due to the insecurity in the country APC are causing and also the PVC’s collection have not gotten to the exact number of collection to create more room for collection to have a free and fair election # buhari nohttp://batman-news.com Peace_3If Nigeria has had another president like Jonathan since independence, Nigerians would have been the dumbest people on earth.Khalid Shehufind something else to say than to open that foul mouth of yours to blab nonsense duderalphYou have just exposed yourself. No northerner will use those words you have just useddeennuru@Peace_3:disqus like the way your parents were forced to queue at bustops with a myopic view of kicking against indiscipline?? go ask your parents… They would tell you better….. A military dictator that no single infrastructure was named after… Yet you claim you want change???? Vote wisely… Vote GEJ #Gej4naija #gejwinsit_http://batman-news.com Peace_3You are really one of the dumbs.deennuruGMB moron ..Khalid ShehuWant all Nigerians to know that Buhari is a green snake, he complains about corruption as if he has never done it before, he complained of money laundry thereby forgetting what happened during his tenure and office misconduct by so many in his cabinet. Advice for him is to just go and seat in a corner and think of his life. I will vote for continuity for Jonathan. #GEJ4Naija.Musa IsaIts A Fat Lie! The Poll Shift Is For The Safety Of All Nigerians Including Buhari. #GEJ4Naija #NO2BuhariralphAnother newly created fake account!samThe game has just started. Every perfected plan of APC is now dismantled . The PDP itself has gone to strategise again. They are the same. Buhari of CPC is not that of APC. Lets wait n see manifestation of behind the scene events. The smartest will carry the day. Commentators focus on God n lets pray he gives us his will which is always the best.ralphAnother newly created account. Strategy to use fake account is all PDP can come up with?http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is a master builder and creator of dumb people. They are not in short supply on this blog. They take difference names to pretend they are from different parts of the country. They are mainly from the SS and SE.trixif u cant see anything mr president did then u r the one that is dumb here bcos if you hate somebody that doesnt mean u should be blind to see the good they are duin dont just follow the crowd do ur research toabuchi okoromadueasy banter topic for weak APC and their weak flag bearer GMB… i just have one thing to say to them, be it febuary or march you will be defeated hands down…#no2buhariGen2soul121Very funny!!! I beleived he was in the millitary or Does he need to feed with extral Moral class on SECURITY Situation in Nigeria?… Ogah GMB i beleive you should have the Security of your voters at heart or are you saying that your election election date is more important than the life of Nigerian VOTERS…Maybe we should really ask what GMB will want us to do?…Is he (GMB) really calling for Calm on the side of his supporters?…I still believe in my spirit tha President Goodluck is a peaceful leader, he wish Nigerians live in peace not division#GEJ4NAIJA#ralphIts a shame that a party that has been in power for 16 years can resort to creating fake accounts to post fictitious comments online. This is what they are using 21bn of stolen funds extorted out of business men for. Nigeria is finished under this joke of a presidentkatalystBull crap! IF u did not truncate our Fledging democracy 31 yrs ago Nigeria would have evolved strong institutions that will insure that these anomalies will not happen. But u took us back then and u want to come and take us back again witout any qualification. You Have not told us how the shift will benefit PDP unless u are afraid that the courts will convict you of forgery and Perjury before the new date.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Youth4 forJonathan is another word for DUMB.Jamila KadirIs this the change u guys r really looking for from GMB? A man who is not concerned for our security because he hopes to win the Election. What happens when he losses will he still put the blame on PGEJ? #NO2Buharihttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan and PDP have made many people in the SS and SE into complete dumbs.Mclewis Odethe elections shifted based on the insecurity of the country.#NO TO BUHARI.ralphLatest account – freshly minted from PDP/Presidency HQ!deennuruThis peace guy no get wetin to talk sef…Anne NwachukwuAPC candidate has lost game and that he was making unuseful statement gainst the INEC Chairman (Prof.Jega) VOTES GOES TO GOODLUCK EBELE JONAHAN (aka)JEGA GEJWinsIt#GEJ4naija#GEJites#No2BuhariralphAnother freshly minted account – Straight out of PDP forgery bakeryjoy clementGEJ4naija, NSA that half of the registered voters, was exposed as a crude and fraudulent attempt to subvert the election inec is not to be blamed for postpone of election or Jonathan #NO2BUhariiyaboThe INEC acted is for the interest of peace and fairness to the nation #GEJ4Naija#NO2Buharisalemattityshifting the election is well accepted, their is no need of conducting an election were by the mind of the people is not at peace, and most Nigerians have not collected their PVC, is just like denying us our right, there is no need of shifting the blame on any one, INEC took this decision based on what the constitution said and l think it is accepted so we can work alone with every Nigerians, but let don’t for get we are still for transformation. #Gej4naija, #NO2buhari.ralphAnother new account- FakeJamila KadirThis is a good decision I congratulate INEC for this and I want the public to know that PDP has no hand in this cos the PDP alone can’t tell INEC what to do. They r independent enough to make their decisions.#NO2Baharihttp://batman-news.com Peace_3PDP is recruiting more dumbs. Do you want to apply? Apply through the security adviser.worry manChanel tv during her news at 10 deviously reported GMB as saying APC will not tolerate another postponement. What GMB said was next election date should be sacrosanct. This is an attempt at portraying GMB as violent and instigating violence. In days to come these fallacy is going to dominate the airway and evey body would have forgotten how the statement was coined.pdp has all media houses working for them.http://batman-news.com Peace_3PDP’S DUMBS ARE ON THE LOOSE.ralphIts one person using many accounts. They cant sustain it.ralphI will save this page – and see how long Reno Omokiri will be able to sustain these 50+ accounts he has just created todaysaniI am really disappointed that this is coming from a past president of Nigeria and an elder statesman (GMB) for that matter, someone who had so much peace during his regime, and now spreading false propaganda to his followers and telling his followers not to start any violence, which means his followers are very prone to violence, just a bunch of uneducated miscreants. Is President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan the INEC chairman or is he the ARMY chief that he will just decide on whatever he feels like?! our president is not a barbarian and well educated so he understands the rule of law, this is democracy but its clear some people still don’t know how it operates. No anti progress or hooligan will rule this great nation and drag us backward again. #GEJ4NaijaNuga AThey said he is illiterate that he can not speak or express himself for 5 minute.Did anyone watch GMB Live on Al jazeera this evening,he spoke like a real commander in chief,very accurate,calmly,confident and intelligent not like some that spoke with Amapour on CNN.They want debate but they are scared of election.Jonathan will turn more people into dumbs if he stays longer in office. No to Jonathan.http://batman-news.com Peace_3We need a nation builder not dumb builder like Jonathan.CHRIS-TONY OZOUDEThere is no wisdom in this act of always accusing Everybody or suspecting everyone else, for the man who trusts no body is apt to be the man whom no body will trust. In the modern world, everything is dynamic, So if your thought are not dynamic, if you can not influence the world with positive understanding of every situation, how then can you offer leadership? Those who preach change, need not condemn wise changes. This change is for safety of Citizens of Nigeria. Or do you not care for their welfare? #GEJ4NIJA NO2BuhariralphEven this HIV positive kid’s picture is used for a fake account. Oh dear!umaru dikoas usual Buhari is trying to make up an issue where there is none. the security to be provided is aimed at him, considering the statements he has made in the past # no2BuhariEchebiri Chukwuemekaits quit unfortunate that buhari reasons like a fish i say only a corrupt mind always thinks the worst and sees everything go step taking as a manipulated and coney step been taking or displayed never thinking of the safty and life of people who may eventually face death threats and insecurity well how would he think far and wild when all he thinks of winning either by crook oir by hook by peace or war,a man who has come out to say he owes no body any apology for all he has done and will do them again #GEJ4NAIJA #No2buhariralphThis is probably the coordinator of the fake accounts. A TAN staff. Punch – This is an abuse of your platform!http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan has destroyed the psychic of many people. No to JonathanDarlington BariMay God, strengthen and protect you till you’re sworn in sir. For sure, we will be calm and vigilante to checkmate any of their ante or Tricks! PDP are fighting against the masses!Jamila KadirThis is not a time to trade blames or make statements that may overheat the polity, but a time to show understanding and support the electoral commission to conduct the elections successfully. #GEJ4Naijahttp://batman-news.com Peace_3A dumb president produces dumb people. Jonathan is a sad history for Nigeria.Anne NwachukwuAPC yes oooooh!!!!!! security is very important cos you neeeds that seat of power by all means and that you dor fellow human care about bloodshed#NO2BUHARI#GEJ4Naija#GEJites the votes goes to Daddy Goodluckhttp://batman-news.com Peace_3You are one of Jonathan’s dumb from the SE.ralphJust look at the profile. The account has just been created randomlyralphYet another new fake account!vivian adaezeA man with brain shouldn’t over react over the postponement of the election. The Electoral body was not in way compromise by PDP.The postponement was to our safety so why the rush.PVC’s have not been distributed to some major part of the country..I think we need to ask some questions why this people are so hungry for this power.#NO2BUHARIralphAnother new fake account!http://batman-news.com Peace_3Only a dumb will reason like you.MANNigeria Sai Gaskiya! Sai Baba! Sai Buhari!j4pPlease let me ask a.question to those who are against postponement of the elections. Any body who knows the answer should supply it politely without abusing anyone. Let us suppose that the elections are held and results declared and a president is installed without the votes of states under attack by Boko Haram, will elections be held in those areas when the insurgents are finally routed? Or will the announcement of the winner be held in suspense until the whole country is counted?http://batman-news.com Peace_3You are just another of Jonathan’s miserable dumbs.j4pWrong answer. Next person.AbdulMr. President thank you, we will wait calmly for march. WE SHALL CHANGE THIS CLUELESS REGIME AT THE APPOINTED TIME.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonsthan is the worst gift of Satan to Nigeria, but God will remove him.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is the dumb president who cannot relate steal with corruption.danjumaWhy is Buhari crying foul? he should concentrate on his campaign as the postponement enables all the political parties to have more time and reach out the electorate, He comments has clearly shown he is not man of peace.#GEJ4Naija #No2Buharihttp://batman-news.com Peace_3His crying foul for the sake of dumbs like you.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan’s Janjaweed PhD thesis has not been found.LajhouseI don’t have PVC, so am jst an analyst APC I suppose promise; 1.AFFIRMATIVE ACTION wc is creating a voice for the disenfranchised but support 2 . Election without 20 million eligible voters 3 . without 14 LGA My question is what of if the decider of the polls will come from the 14 LGA is APC practising change only when its Convenient ? 6weeks is not 60wks or 60months or 6yrs like I said before we r dealing with #2EVILS AND NONE IS RIGHTEOUS BUT THE POLLS PRESENT A CHANCE TO CHOSE THE #LESSER EVILralphAnother newly created TAN account. Lol. idi0ts if you think its hard to knowTayo AkinIt is like delaying the day of disgrace and judgment, not to worry, that day will surely come for the present government, enough of corruption and impunity.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan has created more dumbs and syncophants than all Nigeria s presidents put together. A dumb president creates dumb people.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Nigerians are saying no to Jonathan, no to corruption.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is a perfecter of corruption.Jamila KadirI don’t know why APC is so angry about the postponement of this election if they don’t have something planned …. wetin be APC sef? Association of Past Criminals… #GEJ4Naijahttp://batman-news.com Peace_3DumbbodoThe postponement is a fragrant abuse of power by Jonathan and he will surely pay dearly for it, regardless of when the election is held. He is clearly power drunk and sees himself like an empero . The action is nothing but an invitation of anarchy.http://batman-news.com Peace_3JONATHAN’S CORRUPTION IS SKY HIGH.ralphPUNCH – ALERT – > Investigate these accounts. They have mostly be created in the last 1hour. Put your security team to work. This is how they rig electionshttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Dumb presidents do strange things. Jonathan is a president who does and says strange things.http://batman-news.com Peace_3The country is in grave danger in the hands of Jonathan. There is no future for this country as long as the dumb remains president breeding more dumbs like him.The month of March will see Jonathan Matching out of Aso Rock to a dumb class in Bayelsa.MANI cannot be deceived anymore, because i know my political class like the back of my hands, and i also know this postponement was done for selfish reasons; to favor the ruling party! The NSA callously used the present insecurity pervading the land to coerce the INEC to shift elections. There are 774 local government areas in Nigeria, with 14 occupied by the boko haram marauders, so it’s only logical to have gone ahead with the elections in the 760 local governments. After all, sadly but truthfully;what more carnage and damage can Boko haram do to hurt the vulnerable masses; they have killed over one hundred thousand (100,000) Nigerians, maimed, kidnapped and raped thousands, razed down villages, sacked military formations and announced an evil caliphate; what more! This same NSAs security advice that was not serious enough to stop the President and his party from campaigning with thousands of supporters at hot spots, has suddenly become serious, and is cited as reasons why elections should not hold. The federal government and the ruling party, have once again worked on the fears of Nigerians to set their evil plots in motion.Nigeria Sai Gaskiya! Sai Baba! Sai Buhari!http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is the most vilified president on earth at the moment. No wonder the can’t find the thesis of his Janjaweed PhDMobututhank you very much my General this is not a sign of weakness but wisdom. we will be came and match for our victoryking fadUseless man..you will never rule Nigeria ..we don’t need a granpa and a fool as president ..go and count ur cowshttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Another new dumb.Mobutubigothttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Even the people of Bayelsa booed Jonathan to show the man no longer has a place in Aso Rock.Faruk Al-aminWe hear you Mr future president of The federal republic of Nigeria We accept, obey and comply and we shall MARCH4BUHARI on march 28 UP APC UP BUHARI/OSINBAJOchuksJonathan knows he is a failure and will continue to failAhmad KehindeGEJ has really disappointed Nigerians and he has succeeded in shooting himself in the legsnew republicWhere is AMECHI?i hope he can still form his parallel govt,this is just phase one,the , game just started,Jonathan will never hand over to somebody that is older than him,he will rather hand over to a younger generation with certificate.http://batman-news.com Peace_3I hope yo do not mean a younger generation of dumbs like you.http://batman-news.com Peace_3A former ‘dictator’ is better than a failed sitting president. Buhari is light years better than Jonathan.LuisKing1] Goodluck Jonathan signed FOI bill that Obasanjo refused to sign and you join then in saying that Goodluck is bad. 2] Goodluck approved N18,000 Minimum wage from N7,500 Which Obasanjo refused to sign and you say that Goodluck is bad and NYSC allowance from N7,500 to nearly approved N39,500, yet they say he is bad. 3] Goodluck dualized federal roads (about 25,000km) which Obasanjo and past Govts abandoned and you say Goodluck is bad. 4] The rail system is working now, with little budget But Obasanjo Sunk billions of dollars without result, other pasts leader ignored and you say that Goodluck is bad. 5] Goodluck has been conducting free and fair elections whereas the ones conducted under Obasanjo are Shameful and national disgrace yet you say Goodluck is bad.Mobutuno senseDazzlingSmileYou should be ashamed of this rubbish, is that your best shot after 6 yrs?LuisKingMore still coming punch is blocking it. meanwhile if you didn’t achieved this much for 6 yrs of your life you should be ashamed yourselfDazzlingSmileYou’re a f00l, why won’t they block a low life ediot like you, because you have nothing to offer.LuisKinghehehe, funny, what did your father made since yrs now?DazzlingSmileLearn from your parent’s mistakes, use birth control!LuisKingLOL, its febuhari, now it’s gonna be what matchbuhari? definitely marchbuhariDazzlingSmileWhy do they change the date? we should be realistic and put sentiment aside, GEJ doesn’t deserve another term.richkidI wonder oo. GEJ is the bestband oluOoh, he did all those things!!…Tell him when u see him we said thanks but no thanks……It is time for him to go….We’ve had enough of him…..We want change….GMB all d way..http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is a failed president. He has become a subject for case study in failed president.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Senator McCain called Jonathan “some guy” just to show the level of disgust the international community has for Jonathan.richkidWhere did that happen? You and your propaganda. What is your interest? Think twice and tell yourself the truth! GEJ is the besthttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is the best example of a dumb around.band oluHe is d best for u bcos u benefit frm his corrupt govt…….Well-meaning Nigerians know who they will b voting for…..DazzlingSmileJonathan is a shame, his supporters are disgraceCHRIS-TONY OZOUDEMay 29th being Sacro-sanct means it is Sacred and holy. Nothing human can tamper with it. This is a matter of wisdom in respect of the nation’s constitution This is meant to be the main focus of every Nigerian, if the Constitution is respected of violated? not whether the election date is postponed or not. That is just the existential Phenomenon.The essential things are more important, the challenge, is that those who do not read the Nation’s constitution are too busy talking. We need to read more and talk less. That is one good way to build a Great Nation . President Jonathan, is always a gentleman. Gentle men are the best people to lead in modern world. #Gej4Nijahttp://batman-news.com Peace_3Another Jonathan’s dumb on the prowl. There are agile gentlemen and dumb gentlemen. Unfortunately Jonathan is a dumb gentle man.LuisKingThank youhttp://batman-news.com Peace_3No President – living or dead- has embarrassed Nigeria as much as Jonathan. Jonathan has disgraced Nigeria too many time that the time has come to show him the way out.richkidGEJ only wants the best for Nigerians. Mr credible. GEJ all the wayhttp://batman-news.com Peace_3The best of Jonathan is the dumbest in US.band oluGEJ is a spent force…….He is on his way out……He is no longer relevant…..http://batman-news.com Peace_3March or no March, Jonathan is a loser.TOBBY777Thanks for calling for calm. The pdp you see today you will see them no more. THE DECISION WE TAKE TODAY WILL LIBERATE OR IMPRISON US TOMORROW.ikukuMasses Role: react to comments, curse at opposition, kill, hate, get killed and buried by relatives. Then Country’s reaction to death: news on news dailies if the death is on a large scale or nothing. The Rich’s Role: make strong statement, heat up the polity, relax under AC, secure children’s movement out of the country, ensures masses are well equipped to kill each other and jets out of the country, or sometimes if unlucky gets kidnapped or murdered. Country’s Action: if he dies the presidency sends condolences, get described as a nationalist, flag flies at half mast, children are fixed into some sensitive positions to compensate the father’s loss et AL et AL . If he doesn’t he comes back from abroad, get reconciled with opposition and form new cronies and start his role afresh. common man think twice, violence does not pay you but themBenin2LagosAs it is in the beginning so shall it will continue to be.Gov Ameachi said he would march on the street to protest if the election is postponed. So where is GMB campaign manager?.This melodious songs of Buhari will have a remix on March 31st when the election results go in favour of GEJband oluHow will it go in his favour?…..Can’t u see d writing on d wall?…Even GEJ & his gang know they are facing an uphill task & dat is y they postponed d election……If they think they will rig like they did in Ekiti state they will b disappointed…….http://batman-news.com Peace_3No president has embraced and celebrated corruption as Jonathan. He can be rightly addressed as Dr. Corruption Jonathan.CHRIS-TONY OZOUDEVirtues of Leadership: This is gentleness expected of disciplined leaders not fault finding and ever-accusative (case) sophistry of power hungry political party men, who even if they get power, will lack the gentleness to keep its honorary path ways.Everyone who desires to lead in politics must learn who to talk good talks.Without good talk, people who keep contesting will keep failing, for it means they can not live or lead in human society.Human societies are so sophisticated, If you lack diplomacy, Pragmatic management of emotion even in speeches, how they can you lead humanity? #gEJ4NIJAhttp://batman-news.com Peace_3The real name of our president is Dr. Corruption Ebele Jonathan.LuisKingNo more febuhari, its now marchbuhariBuhari @ AsoRockInformations: FEBUHARI now MARCH4BUHARI. They can only kill the body but not the spirit, keep the spirit on. COURTESY: Naija4Change.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan is like Humpty Dumpty that sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty fell down and broke in pieces. Nether the king’s men nor his servants could put Humpty Dumpty together again. Neither Clark, Dokunbo, Gani Adams, Fani-kayode, Fayose, Abati, Okupe, Ohaneze, Afenifere, TAN nor his service chiefs could put Jonathan together again. Jonathan is broken and broken for ever.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Nobody can put Jonathan together again. He’s broken for ever.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan’s stay in Aso Rock is broken and broken for ever. Never again will this country have the misfutune of having someone like Jonathan as president. Never. I say never. Amen.ConScienceYou can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time – Honest AbeTugbiLets Match on with the Gen. tto match Jonathan out of office by Match 28. Sai Buhariumaru dikonow Buhari will take advantage of this and blame it on Jonathan or PDP but as usual it backfires. please let us not be deceived by greedy past leaders that have come to ruin our economy. the election was shifted to protect us from Buhari and his cohots whom have sworn to make this country ungovernable and to bring bloodshed if Jonathan should win, such a person does not respect the rules and breaks them as he wishes, that also explains why he choses to be absent at debates. a man like Buhari does not operate on law and order and will make an enemy of any one that suggests he does so. Inec has declared their responsibility for the postponement and stated reasons. March 28th is around the corner….. GEJ will win for good governance. #GEJ4Naijahttp://batman-news.com Peace_3I think you really deserved to be put in a crate for shipment to Nigeria. You are the troubler of this country.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Nigerians put their trust in the hands of an incompetent president who is always looking for people to blame for his failure. Boko haram is the latest victim of his blame game. He has wasted the past five years romancing with Boko Haram. Now, he’s using Boko Haram as excuse to postpone elections he knows quite well he will lose. Nigerians are patiently waiting for his Janathan. Maybe he will find other excuses in March.http://batman-news.com Peace_3Jonathan intentionally allows Boko haram to kill innocent Nigerians so that he can use the group as reason to post the elections. He allowed 300 innocent girls to be abducted by Boko haram to find reason to postpone the elections. Now he wants to defeat Boko haram is six weeks after he’d wasted five years. Nigerians are saying enough of the wickedness. Out goes Jonathan in May!Ngozi JonathanWe will continue to remain calm and wait for the day of elections and your inauguration day sir even if takes them one year to be ready we will wait, they already know that this change is a must and it has come to stay.Ngozi JonathanPDP is not a concern to me what matters to me is Mr President, I respect and defend the President why cos he has made impact that no President has ever made. And we should be greatful to God for such an impact as this. #GEJ4NaijaDAPO ALIMIGMB Please dont forget those crying babies; Its quite unfortunate for Buhari to say that, it is harsh to judge him based on his 1984 tyranny attitude. How can he think that History will be wipe out in the face of the Nigerians especially those families that lost their beloved ones in firing squad ordered by the Tyrant Buhari?Each time I hear that little baby crying on Television begging Dady Buhari Pls don’t kill our mother, pls forgive her, I feel like squeezing life out of Buhari becs he is a very heartless humanbeing to have kill a woman by firing squad without trial. what are we talking about here? So any man can commit any atrocity and come back to ask for our vote and we will stupidly give it to him bcs he has money? infact Nigerian pls open ur eyes and vote the right person into the seat of power before History will repeat itself again. Buhari should go and seat down and allow men of honourable character to contest. #NAIJABEWISE