Favourite Music: I am a HUGE music fan of all types. Favourite Places To Visit: London, Paris, Rome and Madrid. Do I Smoke: Socially.Am I On Twitter: Yes, I am "Lady Sonia" @Sonia_Hotwife and my "personal" Twitter feed is @gillellisyoung and my "ProDomme" Twitter is @LadySoniaDomina for all of my "ProDomme" news. If you follow me you can ask questions (I try to answer everyone if I can) plus I can keep you updating with news and information on shoots, updates as well as all of the "mainstream" work that I now do as well.Am I "Lifestyle: Yes, I/we have lived the "Cuckold / Femdom" lifestyle for over 30 years now (since before we were married) and I am pretty sure most of you will have already seen this on my site and I am also a lifestyle ProDomme too and I am also a regular at quite a few Femdom parties.How Can I Be In A Shoot With You: You can't unfortunately as I now officially retired from shooting anything other than "softcore/Art-Nude 100% solo" for my site personal www.Lady-Sonia.com back in July of 2014. It was great fun for a while but it was time for me to move on and I am now I am shooting only what I love most of all which is the type of traditional "glamour" photos and video that I started out shooting back in the early 1980's. www.Lady-Sonia.com is now about the models themselves together with the style. Fully fashioned nylons, pantyhose, bras, panties, corsets, basques, low-cut tops and dresses and of course spike heel shoes and boots. www.Lady-Sonia.com is all about the models now, "for those interested in the exotic not the extreme". Will I ever shoot hard-core again? No, not ever. It was fun for a while but now that I am at the point where I want to have my fun in complete privacy (as and when and if I want) and I want my site to be completely different. Just like when we started, my site is about women who love to show off and be seen and aimed directly at guys who want to watch and I am having more fun shooting now than I have ever had before plus I also get to do something else that I love as well from time to time and that is to be behind the camera myself. www.Lady-Sonia.com is now a celebration of very feminine women and together with photos and video of myself we are also featuring some of my very special friends and some brand new "first time" models and "lifestyle" lady's as well so please do check my site out if this is the sort of thing that you enjoy too :-) xxWhat Most People Don't Know: Well I started modeling with camera clubs back in the early 80s and quite quickly moved on to professional modeling for magazines and things. Back then it was still rather frowned upon to be a professional "adult" model I suppose and the camera clubs had a list of girls who would model so long as things were kept discreet. Being quite the exhibitionist I really enjoyed modeling and showing myself off so I modeled for just about all of the fetish and S&M magazines of the time as well as several of the "top shelf" mainstream adult magazines as well and it was a LOT of fun BUT right back at the beginning I was briefly a "leg model" for Pretty Polly and a couple of other hosiery companies and had huge posters of my legs everywhere but I was really more interested in the adult side so turned my back upon mainstream fashion modeling quite quickly.Was I born in Oswestry: No, I am from the Isle of Wight. The Oswestry thing is just a made up thing on the Internet (no idea where it came from and why).Sexual Preference: I am bisexual (I think all women are to a greater or lesser degree).Sexual fantasies: I have always lived my life to make *all* of my sexual fantasies reality. You only live once and I don't intend to miss anything at all!Do I offer "Professional" Femdom: Yes of course I do enjoy this a lot and I offer "professional" sessions (100% private one-on-one with no cameras of course) when I am in the UK and you can get details at this link HERE. I am 100% REAL and I am 100% "Lifestyle" (why would any sub, slave or sissy EVER want to serve anyone else???) and I also LOVE to play with beginners as well as the most experienced! If you are a guy who is used to being able to get away with "topping from the bottom" then I am most definately NOT the Domme for you but I do love to roleplay and I have a REAL LOVE of the the Femdom lifestyle! I am not a "pornstar" or an "actress", I am a lady who lives her life to the full doing EVERYTHING that I enjoy and if that is as important to you as it is to me then *I* am you perfect Domme!Do I Have My Own "Fully Equipped" Chambers: Yes I do and I am waiting to play with you RIGHT NOW!I am now available for PRIVATE "one-on-one" ProDomme sessions at my brand new FULLY EQUIPPED chambers for *genuine enthusiasts* at a private country house on the outskirts of Nottinghamshire. My exclusive chambers are VERY safe and discrete and there is plenty of private parking.I am friendly, confident, intelligent, naturally assertive, VERY feminine and as you might be already aware I am 100% REAL having actually lived the Femdom / Cuckold "lifestyle" for over thirty years now!Some men have a very strong desire (or need) to be controlled and used for a ladies pleasure but please do be aware that I am NOT a "man hater" even though I can be VERY cruel and I have a wicked sense of humor!Some men have a burning desire to turn their fantasies into reality and being able to understand the mind of the submissive male and push him to his limits is a fascination that I have never lost and after all of these years I now have a worldwide reputation!Or, if you enjoy classic glamour, REAL English ladies in genuine fully fashioned nylons, sheer-to-waist pantyhose, panties, deep-plunge bras, corsets, girdles and high heels as they dress (and undress) to show off then check out my www.Lady-Sonia.com site for something VERY special! I have SO MUCH to show you!