Invitation to Become a Social Media InfluencerBookmark this page, because it’s your exclusive invitation.If you’re interested in becoming a social media influencer for the next greatest app, read on.What is Scope?Simply put, Scope is the new iPhone and Android app that lets you create and access live photos of the world’s events. Click here to see the app showcase.What is an Influencer?A Scope Influencer is someone who is active in their community and has potential for greatness on social media. As a Scope Influencer, you will be given special privileges and recognition on our platform.What are the benefits of being an Influencer?There are numerous perks, but let’s pinpoint a few:You can promote yourself. With greater visibility comes endless promotional possibilities. No explanation needed. You’ll be a trendsetter. People will be looking to you for what’s “in,” and what’s out. You will automatically be entered in our monthly Influencers giveaway. Win cool prizes without having to lift a finger. Now that’s what we call a giveaway! You can grow with us. As Scope grows as an app, you will grow as an Influencer.What do you do as an Influencer?Get this: whatever you want. Once you’ve been verified and given the official badge, your primary objective will be to build your presence on Scope. How you do that is up to you. Here are a few ideas:Try to get as many of your friends to download Scope (and we’ll reward you for it!). Try to get your event featured on the app home page. Try to get as many photo views/favorites/comments as possible. Try to get more followers than anyone else. Or simply, use Scope as you normally would.How do I get started?Step 1: Get verified.Scan this code with your phone to download Scope on your device2. Tweet us @ScopePhotos or email davidpasca@gmail.com with your name and the email address you used to sign up for Scope. (This way, we’ll be able to upgrade your account status in the app.)Step 2: Get your perks.Your status as an Influencer will be marked by a blue badge beside your profile. There will be a section on the app home page dedicated solely to the content you post. This will give you an extra edge on gaining followers, favorites, and views.Step 3: Be awesome.The possibilities of your influence are endless. RSVP today — but hurry, spots are limited to 1000 users.Sign up for our Apple Watch release noticeYes, you read that right! We are working to bring Scope to the Apple Watch! Sign up to stay up to date on our progress