We spend more time online via more devices than ever before—consuming online videos and games from laptops and tablets, even relying on data from connected watches, refrigerators and thermostats. And the Internet is the glue that holds everything together. It facilitates the delivery of all that...Speaker |Creating the Next BlockbusterWe just completed a 20-year study of how companies launch extraordinarily successful new tech products and services. I directed a team of six professors from around the world and we had intimate access to over 1,000 new product and service launches from leading tech companies such as Apple, Black...Speaker |Crossing Frontiers: Real-Time and Relevant Marketing in Latin AmericaLatin America today is boasting one of the fastest-growing internet populations in the world, with mobile penetration over 100% and broadband households expected to grow by 70% within the next five years. Media companies are turning to Latin America as a key region for market growth. What local...Panel |The Driving Force Behind Brand HumanizationDigitally enabled consumers continue to demand more personalized and progressive enhancements from even the most innovative brands. With unprecedented access to the most advanced commodities, today’s consumers have become the architects of brand evolution and value is now measured by how...Presentation |Outer Space LiveWe'll webcast a live event from telescopes situated throughout the world to the audience. About Slooh Slooh’s popular live broadcasts of asteroids, comets, transits, eclipses, solar activity etc. feature narration by experts and are syndicated to media outlets worldwide, including TIME,...Panel |Protecting Brand Identity In A World Of Viral AlertsIn a digital landscape where a steadily growing number of brands are fighting for the same audience, and jumping on the same trending stories (thanks to the fact that they're all using the same tools, like Crowd Tangle), how do you create—and even more challenging, how do you protect—your brand...Panel |Marketing and Sales Technology Face a ChasmMore than 20 years after the release of the first Mosaic browser, most companies are still not adopting and implementing modern, data-driven marketing and sales tools, although the small number of companies – mostly in tech – that do adopt them have seen significant ROI. For the firms that don’t...Speaker |Utilizing the Scientific Method to Improve Software DevelopmentThe scientific method (hypothesis driven testing) is something that we often think about as reserved for scientists, but all members of a team can employ scientific techniques. All team members can conduct good experiments to get objective decisions based on conclusive evidence. Engineers -...Speaker |Apps for the convenience generationApps for the convenience generation; a.k.a. apps you grandma won’t understand, but you can no longer live without. Startup founders speak to this era of convenience and “Uber for everything” that is delighting millennials across every aspect of their daily lives.Panel |How Agencies Will Use First-Party-Data to Help Brands Understand PeopleWith first-party data becoming more and more integral to high-performing campaigns and cutting-edge practices, agencies find themselves in a new position. Long known for leveraging third-party data insights, the best agencies will be those who can also work with a brand's first-party data. Will...Panel |The Future of Work: Digital Skills for 2020 and BeyondBack in 2006, no one had a Twitter account or an iPhone. MySpace had more users than Facebook, and the only people working in the cloud were pilots and flight attendants. Needless to say, technology has changed a lot in the past several years. What changes are next? Grovo’s mission is to move...Presentation |Unlocking the Knowledge Potential of Your OrganizationOrganizations are typically inefficient in how they share information. Studies show that 70% of learning occurs through experience or on-the-job training. 20% of learning occurs through mentoring, feedback and discussion with others. 10% of learning occurs through structured courses and programs...Speaker |The Future Of Search Advertising In a Programmatic WorldDisplay spending is predicted to overtake search in 2016 (ZenithOptimedia), thanks in large part to programmatic. We'll look at the evolving role of search marketing in media plans as both programmatic and mobile take hold and why brands and agencies should be tapping the skill sets of...Panel |#BigData #Predictions “The future is already here - it's just not very evenly...In the past, only a few visionary minds could pick up on the future. Even then, such predictions were considered sci-fi. But fictions without deep analytics... everything is just an opinion. In the 50’s, John von Neumann helped put together the 1st computer to forecast successfully the...Classroom |WTF is People-Powered Marketing? How to Put Consumers at the Heart of Your...It’s no secret that brands have gone through a marketing transition over the last decade, from traditional advertising focused on TV and print buys, to digital and social media engagement. So, what’s next? Enter people-powered marketing. The next generation of marketers will empower today’s...Presentation |From Black and White to Color: Medical Records Enter the 21st CenturyWhat if all the doctors involved in your personal healthcare could speak to each other? What if with the click of a button you could see your full medical history across the spectrum of healthcare providers in your life? Cloud-based Electronic Health Records have made this vision a reality, and...Presentation |Global Learning XPRIZEThe $15 million Global Learning XPRIZE (GLEXP)is a 5-year tech competition that challenges teams to develop open source and scalable software to enable children in developing countries to teach themselves reading, writing and arithmetic. Matt Keller, the Senior Director of the Global...Speaker |The Future of Digital Retail: Tracking Consumers All the Way To the StoreIn today’s market, retailers are challenged with building strong relationships with their existing buyers while connecting with new ones—to drive in-store traffic and purchases for both audiences. It’s not enough to simply place an ad in front of a consumer and gather impressions. It’s imperative...Presentation |Google Analytics: Seeing the Whole PictureAre your email newsletters and banner campaigns driving traffic? How are the conversion numbers for that video you invested $25k in? Google Analytics is a very powerful tool. However, to use its full potential, you need to really understand the ins-&-outs and get the full picture on where...Speaker |Native advertising in 2015: what's working and what's notThe opportunity to create 2-way conversations with people that go beyond traditional broadcasting has opened up major possibilities for marketers & creators, but how best to implement a native approach that fits your company’s product & community? Native advertising has ushered in a new order...Panel |It’s time to disrupt your business: How to make an “open” model work to your...The sharing economy is no passing fad – ushered in by companies like Kickstarter, Airbnb and Uber - this new “open” model has completely changed the way in which we live, buy and connect. Its impact is rippling across industries. Today the sharing economy has gotten so big that companies are...Panel |What Do Creators Need To Be Successful?Content creators are reshaping media and consumer behavior. Mike More will break down the tools that creators need to market their content in a field as competitive as the social web. More will also discuss how creators can rethink social marketing through collaboration. When creators support...Speaker |Why Mobile Advertising is Still in its InfancyHow often do you use your phone? The answer is most likely “All day.” Now tell me the last time you saw a big brand name ad in a mobile app? “I can’t,” is an answer we hear all too often. Mobile apps are nothing new, yet somehow mobile native advertising is still in its infancy. In mobile,...Speaker |The Social Smackdown: Engagement vs. LoyaltyClick. View. Like. The industry has gradually realized that social media measurement is about engagement, not simply the number of likes your Page has. Forrester defines engagement as “a new metric consisting of influence, interaction, intimacy, and involvement.” But, what does engagement really...Speaker |Your Engineering Team, Unbundled. Software Development in the 21st CenturyGreat engineers make great products. And a diverse group of engineers will better understand a diverse group of customers. You need both! If you’re building a product that will be available all around the world, why constrain the team that builds it to people located within a 25-mile radius of...Speaker |Recognizing the Holes in a Data-Driven Approach: Optimizing the Resources...Big Data is changing corporate strategy, informing big decisions and evolving the way we work. In the advertising sector, data has an especially heightened role, to help brands identify and reach target audiences, and engage customers throughout their lifecycle journey. Data-driven insights are...Speaker |The Future of Science is Open ScienceHow is scientific knowledge disseminated? By the writing and exchange of articles published in scientific journals. What is the problem? Most publishers own the content and sell it to readers at high prices. Most people have no access to scientific articles. And if we do, we realize that they do...Presentation |Using Social Media to Acquire, Engage and Retain B2B CustomersCompanies are getting more involved in social media to find and connect with business customers. For instance, they can use sponsored Tweets and engage with relevant Tweets about a company’s industry or even its own products and services, and they can run LinkedIn ads targeting people with...Speaker |What Brand Managers need to know about the intersection of digital &...BlackTwitter.Targeting. Programmatic.FB’s Hispanic Clusters.Influencer Marketing.Blog Talk Radio.Instagram. #ByeFelicia. Early Adopters. Afropunk. TeParaTres. People 12-24. All of these play a role in the growing evolution of how digital is getting more sophisticated and how smart advertisers...Presentation |Breaking Media with MediaBreakerLearn how to use the MediaBreaker, a free, cloud-based remix tool for commenting directly on commercials, news clips, music videos and more. Developed by nonprofit The LAMP (thelamp.org) as a media literacy application, it also uses Fair Use principles to evolve the current landscape of snarky,...Presentation |Wait, you're NOT personalizing your website?2015 is the year of personalization. It's a disruptive technology for modern marketers that drives site engagement, conversion and revenue. Marketers will learn how to easily personalize and test any aspect of their website or in-app experience, and deliver highly varied content based on...Presentation |Digital Path To Purchase2015 is starting to feel a whole lot more like the technically advanced future we were contemplating all those years ago when The Jetsons first aired on TV. In my presentation, I will discuss how technologies in the following areas are now operating in the Digital Path to Purchase...Speaker |Measuring What Matters in Social MediaSocial media is an established channel, but when it comes time to quantify results, most marketers agree that this is still a dark art. What approach should you be taking to measure your social marketing efforts and what is the best way to evaluate the impact of your communications? While it’s...Presentation |It’s Not About Ending Ad Fraud, It’s About PreventionWhen brands buy advertising digitally, they expect their ads to be seen by humans on quality websites and applications. Inventory quality and ad fraud will continue to be a hot topic within our industry. The battle to conduct brand safe campaigns can seem endless. But the keys to combating this...Speaker |Beyond YouTube: The New Social TV PlatformsDiscover the most innovative, profitable and fast growing social TV platforms you've never heard of. With reality TV, big media companies proved the insatiable desire for people to live in public is exceeded by the public’s desire to consume it. Fusing video, mobile, digital wallets and the...Presentation |Can Digital Save the World?Solving the world’s most pressing problems is daunting and elusive. The biggest challenge non-profits face is cutting through the clutter—the barrage of noise with which people are constantly bombarded—to get them to care about a cause. But this year’s Cannes Gold winners, from “Sweetie,” which...Panel |Visions of the Connected HomeA new vision of the “home” is emerging. Within these prototypical four walls, nearly any object possesses the ability to predict our needs, respond to our commands, and track our movements. The form and function of the Internet is poised to evolve—and along with it, our relationship with media....Presentation |BeaconsSeismic shifts are happening right now inside physical retail stores. According to Digitas' Connected Commerce, 92 million adult Americans use smartphone apps while shopping in store. Retailers are concerned with Showrooming (the practice of browsing in-store and buying online) and according to...Speaker |The Art Of Creating Winning Formulas Without Feeling Formulaic10 Things You Only Understand If You're [Fill In The Blank]. That's an obvious formula, and anyone can spot it. It's been hugely successful for Buzzfeed and a host of copycats. But, it's not the right model for publishers that have a brand identity that promises something other than buzz...Interview |The Global Future of Advertising is Real-Time MarketingThe cycle for consumer trends is faster than ever. Trend half-lives are hours, if not minutes, on the Internet. Take for example the famous Oreo campaign “Dunk in the Dark” or the meme “Alex From Target” that took the Internet by storm. What if Oreo and Target could activate relevant messaging...Presentation |Beacons: The hype, the risks, the possibilities“Buy 1, Get 1 Free!” “Free Gift with Purchase!” “$5 Off!” No, this is not your email promotions folder; this is the consumer experience walking through a store in a beacon world. If there has been one non-iPhone shiny object in the past year for marketers, it would be beacons. The devices hold...Panel |Diet Bet Transforms on the NetWayBetter www.dietbetter.com is undertaking an extensive rebranding that goes way beyond a new website though there is that too. A redesigned website will coincide with the weight loss website’s transition to an expanded health and well-being platform. The mobile friendly service, with over 70%...Presentation |The Future of Advertising with Mobile Tech: Apple Pay, Beacons and the...Is social media growing, staying flat, or declining? The answer is, yes. Depending on the vertical you’re in, and which platform you are considering, the results you can expect are hugely divergent. As platform choices, devices and screens continue to expand, there are no more hours or resources...Presentation |What’s Really Breaking the Internet?Hint: It’s not Kim Kardashian. Two seemingly unrelated concepts -- bot fraud and native advertisements -- have the potential to actually break the Internet. While it’s a known fact that bots are a serious problem, most publishers and advertisers are unaware of how to protect themselves. At the...Presentation |Ask a New YorkerNew York's Problem Solving WebsitePanel |This is Your Robot on DrugsWhat do puking robots, DXM and a mobile app have in common? When traditional PSA “scare tactics” failed to shake a generation on the negative consequences of dextromethorphan (DXM) abuse – the harmful ingredient commonly found in over the counter cough syrups – Tribal Worldwide New York...Panel |Best Practices vs. Bullshit- Understanding ROI for Social MediaEveryone wants to talk return-on-investment (ROI) when it comes to social media. How do we know the people talking about our products are buying our products? How can we measure ROI? What are we getting from building consumer relationships? Is ROI just bullshit? ROI is very different from one...Speaker |Your App Developer Thinks You're an Idiot"What we have here is a failure to communicate." This famous line (spoken to Paul Newman in Cool Hand Luke) aptly describes the relationship that can develop between a publisher and app/web developer. We'll examine real-world examples (some hilarious, others downright frightening) and discuss...Panel |Storytelling in the age of video interactivityAside from punching numbers into a remote and controlling a video game character, there are few ways for viewers to interact with content they see on screen. In online advertising, we see banner ads and pre-roll, but most are distracting to viewers. While online video content evolves from a...Panel |Modern-Day Marketing with Facebook: Storytelling to the Elusive ConsumerThe best marketing is driven by compelling storytelling delivered to the right people at the right time. So what good use is storytelling across channels if it’s reaching the wrong people at the wrong time? Marketers today are faced with a new reality: devices and media offerings are...Over 50M mobile apps are downloaded daily. 1 in 4 is abandoned within 24 hours. Pressure to increase downloads, engagement, & create new and/or enhance existing revenue streams is constant. App owners must differentiate products while making experiences more fluid to ensure they become essential...Speaker |If Content Could SpeakA talk on the data you should be leveraging from your content. Everyone is talking about and creating content, but what is content really saying about your brand and consumer preferences. What are your consumers telling you through your content, what are you hearing and how are you...Presentation |Disruptive Healthcare eCommerceHearing loss affects 48 million Americans. You most likely know someone close to you with hearing loss. Out of these 48 million, only 25% actually have hearing aids. Hearing aids are traditionally sold at an audiology clinic for $7,000/pair and aren't covered by insurance. The hearing aid...Speaker |Slow-Living in a Tech-Forward WorldMaxine Bédat, co-founder of Zady, will exploring how we can use technology to define slow-living. How can we slow down in a world that’s pushing us to do everything fast? Maxine will illustrate slow-living across different industries, including food, fashion, tech and more.Speaker |Am I Normal? What Predictive Analytics Can Tell Women About Their HealthAm I normal? From her first menstrual period to her first pregnancy, this is one question that many women want answered. Now, through new mobile technology, new methods in predictive analytics and a new data management model, women can get the answer — and take control of their health. As the...Speaker |The Metamorphosis of Internet DesignOver the past year we’ve seen huge leaps in web design. From publishers like Quartz, to Cosmo and The New Yorker, we saw the power of an Internet redesign in 2014. An intuitive web design and fresh look is crucial to staying relevant in today’s digital savvy society. Which is why About.com hired...Actor Malik Yoba: Technology + social good as a key driver for "good"...Actor Malik Yoba, currently co-star of the #1 TV show in Empire, is a longtime brand + digital expert, a humanitarian & entrepreneur - and an advisor to Africa Angels Network, which invests in Africa-focused startups, primarily in the tech sector. For this panel- Google Ideas, Omar Amanat...Panel |NYC Tech Scene: Temperature CheckThe NYC tech scene is not a new phenomena, but like most of the city, it's constantly evolving. Let's take its temperature by starting a conversation with 5 leading questions for 5 tech leaders. 1. What's a connection that helped you that couldn't have happened anywhere but NYC? 2. ...Panel |Why Do We Read What We Read Online?This year, the majority of us will have spent at least 1,000 hours on the Internet (more than a tenth of our time), with at least 20% of that time spent browsing content. What’s behind the choices we make when it comes to what we read online? How does our interaction with seemingly random content...Presentation |Open Cultural Data for the next Cultural RevolutionCultural Data is maybe the least attractive for the usual Open Data user, that is a journalist. Nonetheless Cultural Data is possibly the most important kind of data people can relate with, considering all the complexities and difficulties with tabular data. Opening GLAM Datasets means creating a...Speaker |Wearables and HearablesWearables have been around for a long time but are just starting to gain attention now. Why is this? In this session, industry leader in the healthcare eCommerce space, Patrick Freuler, explores how hearing aids are the future of wearables and what the concept of hearables is. Is the future...Speaker |How 3D Printing Can Change Brands for GoodBy opening up their Intellectual Property to interpretation, major brands can enable their fans to create new derivative works. This user generated content adds value to the brand, gives the designer both social and financial capital, and generates new revenue for the brand. Allowing fans to...Presentation |Truth About Data: A Campaign for Data LiteracyTruthAboutData is a campaign to drive data literacy in business. Marketing departments have made it firmly into the digital era, and now must turn to the next challenge on the horizon: data. The huge volume of customer information created by digital tools and available to marketers has led to...Interview |Turning Artists Into EntrepreneursWhat happens when you teach indie performing arts companies how to behave like tech startups? That’s the question we set out to answer with LEANARTS: The world’s first startup acceleration program for the performing arts. We (Canada's Performing Arts Alliance, The Working Group and MaRS)...Speaker |From On-Demand to In DemandThere’s a question that lingers around the on-demand industry. Is it a phase? Even though the on-demand industry has seen over $4.8 billion invested, some still label it just a passing trend. Before picking a side, hear from panelists who are thriving in this new economy. They’ll share their...Panel |“It’s On Us:” How to Spark a MovementIn 2015, the concept of ‘World Wide Web’ means unlimited opportunities to thrive, limitless space to succeed, and yet the Web grows more crowded and noisy by the second. How do brands break through clutter and surpass the coded ceilings? What’s the trick to making ideas stick? Join U.S. creative...Panel |Generation Y in Color with BoobsThe idea of diversity is brought up often in the technology industry, but the voice from those that need the diversity don't get heard enough. Generation Y or the millennials is a group of innovators and disruptors, but there is still a challenge for women in that space, especially women of...Panel |Sex Sells – And So Does FemvertisingOver half of women said they would buy a product based on the brand’s portrayal of women. Women are on a trajectory to represent a $14 trillion market and as brands grow their portfolio of female-targeted ads, authenticity is critical. Perhaps easier said than done in an industry where only 3% of...Panel |Fighting Competitors Down on GoogleWhere do you rank in Google search results? Google is constantly evolving and has revolutionized the way consumers seek out information about you and your competitors. The new method of sourcing information is presenting your competitors to potential consumers on a silver platter. You can turn...Presentation |Towards A Post Taylor Swift Internet: In The New Era of Social Media, Your...The Internet is the most powerful communication platform, and it’s vital that digital publishers are able to reward creators for their contributions. For this presentation, Sebastian Sobczak, co-founder of social media platform tsu.co, will speak to how the future of social media hinges on...Speaker |Social Intelligence: The Next GenerationAdvances in natural language processing are now allowing algorithms to approximate near human analysis of social conversations -- quite a feat given the complexity and rapid evolution of human languages. In parallel, applications of advanced statistical analysis and modeling are making this data...Panel |Viral Video for Your Brand: What Works, What Doesn't and WhyCreating viral content for your brand is not a matter of luck. There are rules following them – or not following them – can make the difference between a few views and a few million for your brand. Stephen Voltz and Fritz Grobe are co-founders of the viral agency Eepybird Studios – the...Presentation |Internet of How - Making the Internet of Things RealThanks to more than 10 billion connected devices around the world, companies became more excited than ever about the Internet of Things in 2014. But despite the buzz, some very real business questions emerged in 2014 – mainly, not if a device can be connected, or even when, but why? Why does...Ever wondered how people catch a front row seat at fashion shows? Luxury brands are skilled at mastering the customer journey from the initial contact to repeat store visits. They create powerful brand experiences and connect with their customers across in-person and digital customer touch...Panel |Tech in Latin AmericaIn recent years, online penetration in Latin America has dwarfed that of the US. 4G has been arriving in markets such as Brazil and Mexico and will continue to grow in the coming years. But how does a business begin to enter such a diverse region with seven major markets? Join IMS’s Gastón...Speaker |Decoding The Millennial ShopperMillennials are retail's holy grail, spending $1.3 trillion annually online and in stores. But, this powerful demographic has a bewildering amount of choices when shopping online, not to mention more platforms than ever vying for their attention — and dollars. How do brands reach these active...Panel |Socializing Social Responsibility - New Markets and MoneyAn engaging discussion looking at new markets fueled by diversity, visual representation, language and social responsibility, which is fast becoming the new money driver.Panel |Your Website is a Latent Social NetworkMarketers, it's time to start thinking like consumers. After all, we want advice when we're right there 'in the moment' and ready to buy. It's time to connect the best of both worlds between social media, personalization and e-commerce. When combining these, here's what happens: ..Shopping...Speaker |From Paperbacks, to Phablets and Social Feeds: The Future of PublishingThe publishing industry is not dead! While we've seen a decline in print, social and mobile are driving the industry forward, giving brands, publishers and tech platforms a massive opportunity to put a stake in the digital publishing ground. From cross-platform engagements, native social ads...Panel |From Startup Accelerator to AdTech Company.Since YCombinator founded in 2005, startup accelerators have been a rapidly growing trend. Many accelerators have made there way to NYC and even more companies have emerged from these accelerators. What is it like being in an accelerator in NY? How does the program help propel nascent...Presentation |Closing the NYC hunger gap with a mobile appSPARE is a smartphone app that allows New Yorkers to round up their dine out bills to the nearest dollar to support local hunger relief efforts. Just $0.99 can help feed 4 New Yorkers through our beneficiary organizations [Food Bank For New York City, City Harvest, City Meals on Wheels & New York...Presentation |Marketing with Meaning on PinterestWith more per-user sharing than any other platform, Pinterest is the #3 driver of worldwide referral traffic - 2/3rd's of all pins are from business accounts! On Pinterest brands must engage customers with meaningful content they will discover & share. Pinterest is more "search" than social - so...Speaker |The Future is Interactive: Unlocking the Power of Digital VideoAmericans have doubled their digital video viewing in 2014 to 27 minutes a day, up from 13 minutes a day in 2012. As online video consumption increases, brands and publishers need new ways to stand out and engage consumers in a way that adds to the experience vs. detracts (like banner ads and...Panel |MomentingMomenting is the new Marketing. In this time it is more and more difficult to differentiate. You thought Location was the thing? It is time. What are your important moments and are brands taking them into account? What are the important moments of your customers? And, more importantly, are you...Classroom |The set top box is eating the cable box: Quickly building branded OTT channelsAlmost every new TV minted has built in set top box capabilities, from Roku to SmartTV, and every new digital consumer born is growing up in a world where access to content is unlimited and not determined by aggregators or device. The convenience, choice, and ease of use of the set top box poses...Speaker |NYC Web FestMy name is Lauren Atkins, I'm the founder of NYC's first web series festival. We just had our inaugural Fest this past November and it was a great success. I'd like to propose speaking on a panel about the fest and the producers bringing film quality shows to the net. One of our big winners this...Panel |What Makes Content Shareable?Social engagement is soaring--up 108 percent for the average brand last year. But sharing, the most coveted of social actions, has not kept pace. The intense competition for the Facebook newsfeed is just one reason why. Another is that sharing remains the least understood social...Presentation |#NoCodingRequiredLed by interactivity pioneers, this classroom session will teach you how to create interactive digital experiences in minutes—no coding required. We are spending too much time online as passive consumers scrolling through content and Like-ing the odd post. It’s time to expect more and deliver...Classroom |Thriving in today’s changing workforceThe requirements to succeed in today’s workplace are changing rapidly and require an adaptable employee with an arsenal of skills. As the economy evolves so must education, adjusting to meet the needs of a growing tech community. General Assembly is pioneering the skills-based education to...Speaker |Evolving Businesses into the Mobile AgeWe’re aware of mobile’s power as a disruptive technological force, but we’ve only just begun to delve into its vast potential. As the processing power and capacities of devices continues to expand, it’s crucial for traditional brands and businesses to implement a robust mobile strategy to not...Panel |Watch This Space: The Future of WearablesAdoption of wearables is rapidly shifting from the exclusive domain of the technophile to the mainstream, yet there’s still vast uncharted territory to be explored. In this panel discussion we’ll briefly review the current limitations of wearables as we then take a speculative look at...Panel |How The Smartwatch Will Change The WorldSmartwatches are the premier devices in the rapidly-growing world of wearable technology. As this category grows it has the potential to become as impactful as smartphones before it, giving us the opportunity to gather useful information at a glance, without needing to pull out our mobile...Presentation |Don’t die like the Dinosaurs and help save the worldAccording to NASA, the human race has a big problem. NASA can see the big meteors that will take out the earth and they’re pretty good at finding the ones that took out the dinosaurs. What they’re not so good at is finding the ones that can take out a city. Each year about 6 meteors large enough...Presentation |Exploring Strange New Worlds Through NASA's EyesNASA is poised to take the next giant leap in public communications by providing virtual access to our solar system and beyond. Space exploration used to be just for astronauts, but advances in game engine and virtual reality technologies will soon make it possible for the general public to...Presentation |Cyber-Insecurity: Know Your HackersIn the era of the Sony hack, leaked celebrity photos and credit card data breaches, it’s becoming more and more clear that cybersecurity is a big issue for individuals, businesses and even governments. In this talk, Amadeus Stevenson, CTO of Decoded, the company that demystifies technology for...Presentation |How Data Will Save Main StreetBig data and evidence-based decision making are key weapons in the corporate arsenal - companies with the resources to collect, analyze and decide based on data win. These costs are in exponential decline and that’s great news for Main Street. As big data tech becomes universally accessible,...Presentation |Forging a Partnership between Marketing and ITYou’ve heard the hype; the partnership between the Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Information Officer can determine a company’s future. Yet more often than not, marketing and IT struggle to partner on priority projects and lack shared goals and metrics. As a result, there is a gap that can...How do you get people who have downloaded your app to actually open it? App developers have to walk a fine line between spamming with notifications and reminding people to open the app. The team behind Circa, the popular mobile-native news app, will explain best practices in balancing the push to...Speaker |Experience Vs. TechnologyIn a world that is becoming more and more focused on raw data and analytics,social media monitoring is about more than just the numbers. Twitter has admitted that up to 5% of its users are fake. This means that raw data is skewed due to these “bots.” Experience of humans allows for you to sift...Panel |The Changing Face of Silicon Alley: What will (should) it look like by 2020?The ethnic and gender demographics of the U.S. population are changing rapidly and the face of the nation will look very different by 2020. How can Silicon Alley get out in front of this trend to ensure a meaningful future for women and people of color in the tech community?Panel |Machine Intelligence Moves to MobileIt’s no secret that there has been exponential progress in reaping the benefits of big data. From data processing to storage and retrieval, technological advancements have enabled scientists to glean previously incalculable insights and apply them to a number of use cases ranging from analyzing...Panel |Making Your Own Web SeriesI recently made a high-end web series as co-director/actor/producer and most importantly: financier. I shot the series I just shot once in Texas three years ago, only to have the director withhold the footage from me to try t extort me. I became broke and homeless and survived two years in Texas...Speaker |Media Monolith to Data Driven Maverick: The Weather Company StoryIn this session, Vikram Somaya from the Weather Company will explore their transformation from a media-focused multi-channel monolith to a data-driven, product innovation-powered maverick. The media publisher and content creation ecoverse has been heavily disrupted by fast, nimble and eventually...Speaker |Hyper-Local Brand Campaigns that Change User BehaviorsFor decades, ROI has been the key measurement for an ad campaign’s success or failure. But, tracking the moments in which a consumer’s action translates into ROI has always been impossible, until now. Genuine, a full-service digital agency, and a major pharmaceutical company recently launched...Speaker |Mobile User Acquisition – the Future of AdvertisingMost brand marketers today still believe that click-thru rates (CTRs) are the best indication of user engagement and media quality measurement in mobile advertising, not realizing that detailed user profiles coupled with today’s technology can provide much more in-depth and actionable...Speaker |Why You Don't Need "Social Media Expert" On Your ResumeWe're all familiar with those all-too-common buzzwords found on many resumes in the digital media space these days — everyone's a social media maven, guru, ninja, or wizard. But what really sets a great mind apart from the pack is the same thing that makes a great writer or editor: Creative...Speaker |Lights, Camera, Branding! In-House Social StudiosYou already know what content performs best on social media: it’s visually enticing, has a direct focus, and delivers value to your customers. The problem that social content creators encounter is how to create good content consistently, month after month. A social media presence continuously...Speaker |Resurrecting Trust: Technology, Transparency and Your Bottom LineWith the richness of data collected by brands increasing day over day, the need for establishing and maintaining trust has never been more important to consumers and in-turn, to the brands working to grow into the next generation of B2C leaders. This panel discusses how consumer trust is built...Panel |Shopping Shake-Up: How Mobile Retail Is Changing The GameSpring. eBay Now. Google Shopping Express and now Lucky’s new ecomm platform, Luckyshops.com - the newest wave of apps, sites and mobile shopping services offer convenience and personalization on an unprecedented scale, and are forcing traditional retailers to have 24-hour, best-in-class customer...Panel |The Golden Era of Marketing: Striking the Perfect Balance of Art and ScienceSuccessful marketing today is as much an art as it is a science. Despite the fact that digital ad spending worldwide was supposed to hit $137.53 billion in 2014, marketers often miss the mark because, while they have an explosion of data with which to create opportunity, their campaigns lack...Speaker |Innovative Ways for Brands to Connect with Audiences Through Digital MediaBusiness models for digital media are constantly changing, and it’s becoming more and more challenging for advertisers to reach key audiences and have an impact on the social web. Forbes and a leading digital advertiser will discuss the new ways brands are connecting with audiences. Tools...Panel |Publishing in Motion: Emerging social platforms as new journalistic canvassesBecause social media is transforming the way that publishers serve content to, and relate with, their readers. Recent successful upstarts in the publishing world—from Buzzfeed to Upworthy—constructed their publishing and distribution strategy to live in social media first and foremost. Every...Presentation |Actively Listening in a Multi-Channel WorldYour Members and Customers want to be heard changing the way you listen to them offers you great opportunities for extending and protecting your brand, achieving higher levels of customer and client satisfaction and protecting or increasing revenue. Kevin Novak will be sharing how the digital,...Presentation |Creating a Connected Loyal Audience in a Content Sharing WorldTime Out’s digital expansion allows the brand to build a connected community. Time Out will share how the brand has over the last few years evolved into a digital first media company. 2015 marks massive growth for the digital footprint of the brand as well as the 1,000th issue for the Time Out...Though shopping is traditionally personal by nature, many of our shopping routines–stocking the office or home, buying gifts, preparing for an event–are group efforts. To reflect this, ecommerce must become not just a social, but a collaborative experience. Retailers like Amazon and Walmart...Presentation |The Next Mobile Trend? Finding a Job.“In 2015, there will be an even greater emphasis on mobile recruiting. 83% of job seekers currently use smartphones to search for job openings yet only 20% of the Fortune 500 companies have a mobile friendly career site. 45% of active candidates have applied to a job on their mobile device....Presentation |Television Drives Conversion – Does Digital?Did you know MLB viewers are more likely to visit fast-food joints compared to non-viewers? Consumer insights, such as this, are a result of PlaceIQ and MediaStorm’s mobile ad campaign that aimed to drive and measure MLB viewership on a major sports TV network. In this session, Duncan McCall, CEO...Speaker |TV’s New Demographics: The ‘Ads’ and the ‘Ad Nots’As TV moves online, audiences are one-by-one pledging allegiance to one of two demographics: The ‘ads’ or the ‘ad nots’. Led by online offerings like Netflix on one side and Hulu or Dish’s Sling on the other, viewers are making the choice. These are new viewing demographics defined by individual...While the tools and options are readily available, even some of the industry's most adventurous brands and their agencies have yet to unleash the full creative arsenal on their programmatic buys. Sure, we are now adept at getting the marketer to the consumer via pinpointed audience targeting, but...Speaker |Merchlar - The future of visual contentAdvertising Agency providing Augmented and virtual reality solutions on Web, Mobile, Cardboard and Oculus. We are drawing the future of visual content, challenging the statu-quo every single day. We are third artist, third engineers, third strategist, We are MerchlarPresentation |Get Contextual: Don't be a Groundhog Day MarketerDigital Marketing today is broken. By blasting an entire email list with an offer or interrupting someone with untimely messages over and over, brands can appear tone deaf and context insensitive. These companies are leading with product and brand, rather than experience and utility. So...Presentation |Commerce and Creativity at the center of Paid, Owned, and EarnedStreamwize - a visual content marketing platform that delivers an innovative means to engage, interact and transact with consumers - proposes to moderate a discussion on ways that leading fashion publishers and e-commerce sites are melding the positive elements of brand exploration, content...Panel |Why You Don't Need Traditional ISPs anymoreWiFi has become a basic need for the everyday consumer, but finding reliable, cheap Internet access is not as easy as it should be. Challenging poorly-performing ISP monopolies is Karma, they're putting the people in charge of their own connectivity. Welcome to the future of the Internet.Speaker |The Future of Content is a ConversationAs we spend more and more time with electronic media, content creators need to take responsibility for delivering experiences that drive activation, connection and interaction. This panel will explore the challenges and opportunities facing brands, publishers and anyone with a digital...Panel |Use Social Media to increase your SalesThe social media it's an important tool to increase the sales of a company.Other |The Illusion of PrivacyWe live in a digital age where the illusion of digital privacy is amplified by a smoke and mirrors approach to the virtual life we've made that is deviant from your physical one. Privacy is a popular topic though no one is discussing exactly what it means in relative terms. Most people are...Presentation |Communities of Color on Social MediaIs there a difference in how communities of color use social media? Is there a digital divide in social media? Is there a "black Twitter"? A Latino Twitter? I hope to explore this with an all star panel.Panel |Rock Social Media Like A CelebrityTaylor Swift is one media-savvy pop star. Why? Because she understands how to market to her fans on social media. T-Swift does not simply connect with her millennial audience through Twitter, Instagram and Facebook, she uses these channels to grow her personal brand, expand her huge fan base of...Presentation |When Seniors Surf (The Web)Have your grandparents texted you yet? If not, expect your first message soon. As more and more seniors enter the internet, eCommerce companies find ways to tailor their website to their needs. What do baby boomers surf the web for and how do they interpret digital messaging and advertising. In...Speaker |When Brands FailMarketers are facing an evolving landscape and they need better tools to avoid brand indifference. Understanding the bonds between brands and consumers requires new considerations, and disciplines, and focused attention. Learning from the lessons of brand failures is important. Mario will...Speaker |Games for Social GoodThe topic we want to explore is: redefining what a “game” is and how thought leaders across different industries (health, science, tech) and mediums (art, film, LARP’ing) are incorporating gamification. We want to give the audience a look at how gaming is being used today and talk about the state...Speaker |ROI of Social MediaOnly about 1 in 3 Marketers, or 37% of those surveyed, agree that they are able to measure the ROI of their social activities (per Social Media Examiner and Adobe research reports) Surveys also show that CEOs are losing trust in their Marketers; there is now Marketer distraction between...Speaker |Programming Drupal Web Applications Saved My LifeI was homeless and mentally ill in the mid 90s. My 10 year career as a Sound Editor and Engineer for feature films was over, partly because of the advent of digital technology, partly because of Bipolar depression. My family was serially evicted and we struggled to survive. A career counselor...Presentation |The Internet of [Some] ThingsNow that our lamps are connected to our doors and our televisions and our crockpots, and we've turned our smartphones into remote controls, what are we supposed to do with it all? How does having a smart home make us smarter? As the IoT market swells with new companies and products and...Panel |#musetech: How Has Technology Changed Your Work in the Museum Sector?Most museums have not had the resources or capacity to be at the forefront of new technologies, but the past few years have seen major changes in the way that we incorporate technology into our work both behind the scenes and in our interactions with the public. How have today’s museum experts...Panel |From Draper to Darwin: Why the Future of the Web Belongs to Scientists, Not...These days, it’s faster, easier, and more valuable to test your own idea than it is to prove your expertise. Lauren Gilchrist of Pivotal Labs will share how to think about marketing like a Product Manager would: by determining your riskiest assumptions, designing an experiment, and validating...Speaker |How a Beer Mat, A Shoe and A Car Are Reinventing MusicThroughout history, music has been inextricably linked to culture. More than notes and lyrics, it is a lifestyle. Join Chief Creative Officer, Conor Brady of digital agency Critical Mass and a special guest as they discuss the role of technology in changing how people invent, collaborate, engage...Speaker |Entrepreneurs In Small Rooms Drinking CoffeeEntrepreneurs in Small Rooms Drinking Coffee is coming to Internet Week! Join Rob Kenedi, founder and host of the popular weekly podcast, for a conversation about what it’s really like to figure out a technology company in realtime. Entrepreneurs in Small Rooms Drinking Coffee is a...Interview |TV for Millennials: Reaching Digital Natives in the Age of Cord CuttingEveryone’s talking about cord-cutters. But in all of 2014, cable lost just 0.1 percent of its customers. Nowhere near a death knell. Smart networks are responding with content to appeal to a new generation. Millennials want entertainment and news; you just have to know how to deliver...Speaker |Creating a Cultural Model for Effective Social Media ManagementWhen brands scale social media, business grows. Brands that create a more vibrant, conversational dynamic among customers develop deeper relationships, improve customer satisfaction and gain better insights. In this session by noted speaker, published author and social media innovator Peter...Speaker |Students – Finding a balance between online and offline ​resources for...Do students spend too much time ‘online’? Is the edtech surge creating better education or a generation too connected? It’s important for platforms to be a balance of online & offline. We are empowering students for better futures. On GoEnnounce students build a positive digital footprint & get...Panel |Super Powers of Podcast PanelCall it a renaissance, a breakthrough, or a tipping point. Whatever you call it, 2014 was a big year for podcasting and it leaves us all looking to what lies ahead for on demand audio. Find out from the leaders of space as they share the hits, misses and everything in between that made their...Panel |Family Affair: Life and a StartupThe stereotype of the hoodie wearing, 20 year old founder is only part of the startup community. Less hyped are the grown ups building companies everyday, many juggling startup life with home life. The founders journey is never made alone. Sometimes it is made with a spouse and kids. Hear...Panel |Using Data to Create a Better User ExperienceHow do you utilize device data to make a smart home product better? This session will delve into the importance of usage data how it can be analyzed to respond to customer preferences and to identify new opportunities. Expanding on his experience with SkyBell, company co-founder Andrew Thomas...Speaker |Programmatic World Needs to Take its Cues from TinderAn elite industry panel would posit that in order to unlock the full potential of programmatic media buying, we should look to an unlikely place for inspiration—Tinder. In order for the space to really explode, we must provide buyers and sellers a compelling, automated discovery approach to help...Presentation |The Power of Data-Driven StorytellingAbout.com has content on nearly everything, stretching back to the dawn of the Internet. That’s a lot of data, but big data is useless unless it tells a story. Data Scientist, Dr. Jon Roberts, was hired by About.com to do just that; tell a story with the wealth of information at About.com’s...Presentation |No Website but Online ServiceExplore your potential as a Professional with an online service. Tackle questions like 'What is an online service?' , 'Should I have a membership, subscription or download revenue model in place?' and 'Do I have the potential to provide a professional online service to my customers?'Classroom |It’s Your Story. Bring It To Life as User ExperienceUser experience, in the technological sense, is about end-user interaction and attitude toward a system. When we describe the experience with apps or websites, it is often in terms of utilitarian usage. But what if we design UX based on a story? What if you write the story of one of your...Classroom |Content to Commerce: The ValueWith publishers now attracting larger audiences and more revenue through commerce themed extensions, the need to create captivating content, improve performance and increase engagement is greater than ever. E-commerce platforms are reverse engineering to create content to add value for consumers...Speaker |A New World for Marketers- Adapting your Marketing Plan for Social MediaThe days of making a fancy commercial with a celebrity endorsement and calling it a great marketing success are over. Social Media has transformed the way we market and it’s a 24/7 challenge to keep up with the competition. Traditional brand campaigns are built around mass marketing and TV...Speaker |Somebody’s Watching You: Smart Devices and PrivacySmart technology watches our every move — in the mall, in our homes, in our cars and at work. It knows where we get our morning coffee, what products we shop for and what websites we visit (even embarrassing ones). Our devices collect information to offer us a better user experience and to serve...Presentation |How Today’s Digital Kids Are Influencing Tomorrow’s MarketingToday’s kids have the world at their fingertips, moving seamlessly from screen to screen with little distinction and a lot of distraction. With unlimited access, their reach and influence is expanding - impacting family purchases and serving as in-house tech experts for less-savvy parents. ...Presentation |Coupons, Rebates & Rewards: Cash Matters in a Health Care MarketplaceWith the average health plan deductible soaring over $1,200 per year, more consumers are digging deeper into their pockets for health care costs. And yet, most people receive care before they ever know the price of a procedure or test. No more. Cost calculators and quality scores are bringing...Panel |Why all exercise is better done grip-free?When Arthur Jones developer of Nautilus tried for fifty plus years to share the benefits of using grip-free equipment, not many people listened. He was not successful in creating machines that worked well with the technology eihter. When Flexsolate perfected its grip-free cuff and patented the...Presentation |Content Marketing: Nothing But Modern-Day BillboardsDisplay advertising sucks. Users don’t want it, and publishers only make money when their users click to leave their website. The math doesn’t work for most advertisers either: convert users at 0.1% to get them off a page and then convert them again at another low rate on a landing page to...Presentation |“Catfishing” for a Tech Job: The Right (and Wrong) Way to RecruitMeet Dave. According to his LinkedIn profile, he’s a developer for the best creative firms, kills it on the programming knowledge front, and trained at a top technical university. But Dave isn’t real. If you read closely, many of his programming languages and skills are made up—in fact, the...Interview |EPIC INFLUENCER MARKETINGInfluencer marketing epic wins, fails, and lessons learned. In this talk Gahan discusses the role of digital influencers and the impact they have on the marketing landscape. Gahan will share his best practices in how to bring brands and digital influencers together for successful campaigns -...Speaker |Why do people buy what they buy?Shopping has never been so simple, but what’s at work behind the scenes to make you hit ‘buy now’? Is it a low stock message, time pressure ‘three people looking’, or some social re-assurance in the form of a review or recent purchases in your area. In this talk Qubit, masters of ecommerce...Speaker |Audience Targeting: The Future of TV BuyingTV nets are launching audience targeting platforms fueled by set-top-box viewing data from “several” third-party sources. You will see more of this as advertisers (and networks) realize that targeting people is more effective than buying contextual ad placement (ie: a flight in shows watch by...Speaker |How to get users when you're brokeNothing gets you noticed like traction. Learn from founders and marketers how to use guerrilla marketing and other unconventional growth hacking tactics to gain users with little to no marketing spend.Panel |Can Technology Make You Happy?The relationship between technology and our physical health has been well established by fitness trackers, wearable tech and the quantified self. But, can it impact the other half of our health: our emotional wellbeing?Panel |Self-HackathonHuman brain is a highly complex nonlinear system. However, despite our psychological biases and perceived “irrationality” scientific research shows that there is order to this madness. Psychologists say we are “predictably irrational”. And therefore "hackable". This unique panel will discuss...Panel |Consumer- or Clinical-Focused Mobile Apps? How About a Little of BothMost apps are designed with either the consumer in mind or the clinician — but a successful health app includes the best of both worlds. As the president of consumer business at Physicians Interactive, John de Souza will discuss the key formula that marries the two: creating an app engaging...Speaker |Get Stuff Done Faster: Working with "the Dark Side" of TechThis talk focuses on the differences between Program Managers, Business Analysts and Product Managers, and why you need all these managers on your team. The panelists will tell you how they and their industry peers can make the work lives of your tech team members easier and more fulfilling. By...Presented ByInfoEventsPartnersThere’s a question that lingers around the on-demand industry. Is it a phase? Even though the on-demand industry has seen over $4.8 billion invested, some still label it just a passing trend. Before picking a side, hear from panelists who are thriving in this new economy. They’ll share their perspective on on-demand and reveal how it’s here to stay.