Friday, January 30, 2015A Soft, Feminine Fragrance: Harvey Prince Damask Rose #WhiffLoveI've teamed up again with one of my favorite companies, Harvey Prince, to bring you a review and giveaway of Harvey Prince Damask Rose.* Product and/or service provided for review purposes without cost. As always, all opinions are my own.Let's all take this moment to stop and smell the roses.Seriously.Damask Rose smells exactly like roses--so much, in fact, that if you didn't know any better, you'd think you were walking through a rose garden after one spray.Why does it smell so much like roses? Well, Damask Rose is created with rose oil straight from El Kelaa M'Gouna in Morocco where roses are a huge part of life. So huge that they celebrate the local growing of roses every May with a festival.Harvey Prince's fragrances are cruelty-free, each with a story behind it. Below, you can read the story line for Damask Rose found on the Harvey Prince website:'What's this for?' she asked. She took the box from his hands and untied its soft, red velvet bow. 'No special occasion,' he smiled. 'Just a little gift for you being you.' 'Damask Rose!' she sighed, delicately removing the perfume from its wrapping. She paused. 'But...this is what you got me for Valentine's Day and for my birthday.' 'I know,' he said. 'Never get a woman the same thing twice,' she scolded. For a moment, he looked concerned. Then she added, 'Unless it's Damask Rose! For that, you can make an exception.' She laughed playfully. 'You always know just what to get me.' 'I know,' he winked, pulling her closer.Connect with Harvey PrinceMy Personal Experience with Damask RoseWhen I first received my bottle of Damask Rose, I had to try it out immediately! I absolutely love body fragrances, and Harvey Prince has been the supplier of two of my all-time favorites, including their Hello Body Lotion and Eau Fling Perfume.I spritzed the perfume onto my pulse points (wrist and neck) and let the fragrance work its magic.Within seconds, the scent wafted up to my nose. My first impression was that the scent was floral, roses to be specific. Just. Like. Roses.The scent is feminine and classic. It's sensual and mature. There is a very subtle exotic touch to the fragrance.I waited awhile to see if the scent would change at all, but didn't notice much of a difference, other than it seemed to grow a bit softer over time. I delved a little deeper and realized that Harvey Prince Damask Rose is a single-note perfume, using only rose essence as its fragrant note.After about an hour, I noticed that the scent was still lingering, which I appreciated. Because of this, I needn't worry about it fading out like other soft perfumes.My OpinionI would, however, recommend Damask Rose to women who love the classic, floral scents. Also, if you're looking to purchase this perfume for someone you know, I believe it would make a great gift for any occasion, whether it be Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, a birthday, or even a graduation.Want To Try Damask Rose Yourself?I've teamed up with Harvey Prince to bring you a giveaway for one bottle of Damask Rose—a full-size, tall spray bottle.Enter using the form below.Giveaway begins 1/30/2015 and ends at 11:59 p.m. (EST) on 2/8/2015.For a full list of Freelance Lady's Giveaway Terms of Use, please click here.