Alabama Probate Judges Who Turn Away Gay Couples Could Face Jail TimeAlabama probate judges who refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples beginning Monday — but continue to provide them to opposite-sex couples — could face fines and jail time, according to legal experts."If the (federal) court issues an order and they refuse to comply with the order, then the court can find them in contempt of court, which could result in a fine or incarceration until they purge themselves of the contempt," former U.S. District Court Judge U.W. Clemon said. "I don't think that's likely to happen," he quickly added.With Alabama set to become the nation's 37th marriage-equality state, several probate judges say they'll stop issuing marriage licenses altogether, decline to provide them to same-sex couples, refuse to sign them, or no longer perform marriages.MSNBC described the issue as a "constitutional crisis," which seems like a bit of an overstatement but apparently is what right-wing groups are hoping for. From AL.com:"It would be a significant clash of judicial power," said Mat Staver, Founder and Chairman of Liberty Counsel which represents five or six Alabama probate judges. ...If a same-sex couple comes to an Alabama probate judge Monday and is denied a marriage license, then it would likely result in that couple filing a federal lawsuit against the probate judge, Clemon and others said. Or the couples could ask to intervene in the case in Mobile and seek an order from that judge."Given the current state of the law they could probably get an injunction," Clemon said.The fact is, the probate judges who plan to resist marriage equality represent a small fraction of the total number in Alabama, and an even smaller fraction of the state's population — which is largely concentrated in cities like Birmingham, Montgomery and Mobile, where same-sex couples will be able to obtain marriage licenses.Given that residents don't have to obtain marriage licenses in the county where the live, this will amount to a relatively minor inconvenience for a few same-sex couples in rural areas — but perhaps a major one for these judges' constituents in the long term:David Kennedy, an attorney for plaintiffs Cari Searcy and Kim McKeand in Mobile, said the law is ambiguous as to whether probate judges unilaterally can stop issuing licenses. But it is "incredibly foolish" either way, he said. "I think it's doing an incredible disservice to the residents of their county," he said.With Roy Moore as the state's chief justice, it seems likely the legal wrangling will continue in Alabama for a while. But no matter how hard they try, these bigots will be unable to steal the spotlight from marrying same-sex couples on a historic day.In related Alabama news, a "Sanctity of Marriage" rally was held outside the state capitol yesterday. Watch footage of the rally and counter-rally AFTER THE JUMP...(warning: autoplay)CommentsI would love to see someone actually jailed for not complying but that will only give the blowhards (Tony Perkins, Brian Brown, etc) real ammunition.However I don't think that these elected judges should be allowed to completely stop issuing marriage licenses just to avoid providing the same service to same sex couples. If issuing marriage licenses is a part of the job you don't get to make a unilateral decision not to do that part of your job without losing your job.Posted by: bkmn | Feb 8, 2015 2:30:44 PMSue the bastards into submission!Posted by: *****OverTX | Feb 8, 2015 2:32:25 PMThe Probate Judges are pawns in this. A few are willing pawns for sure but most just want to do their duty as elected officials and follow the law.The ones trying to interject their personal beliefs into the job description of Probate Judge are the source of the problem. Disenfranchising an entire county of marriage licenses because you disagree with a Court ruling is hardly the mark of a true civil servant.Posted by: You built this | Feb 8, 2015 2:45:24 PMand, here's hoping any judge that defies the ruling gets fined and/or goes to jail! How can one be a judge and break the law!?? Maybe, Judge Moore will end up in a Super Max prison!Posted by: Bernie | Feb 8, 2015 3:22:49 PMJohn, judges ignoring a federal court decision and order is not a "minor inconvenience" and most certainly is a "constitutional crisis".Posted by: Randy | Feb 8, 2015 3:26:20 PMJohn, judges ignoring a federal court decision and order is not a "minor inconvenience" and most certainly is a "constitutional crisis".Posted by: Randy | Feb 8, 2015 3:26:21 PMI agree with Randy. When you have state officials, probable judges, and the state's Chief Justice calling for defiance in the face of a clear court ruling it's more than a "minor inconvenience" for gay people. It's an ugly slap in the face and it produces a toxic environment in which to live.That said, these latter-day George Wallaces are almost certainly not going to get their way and certainly will fade away and become more and more powerless with time. Barring any last-minute interventions, tomorrow will be a positive and historic day for Alabama, and the bigots--try as they may--won't be able to change that.Hopefully, no US Supreme Court stay on Monday morning. Assuming no stay, it's no surprise that many judges won't issue marriage licenses and don't feel that the federal court ruling applies to them. Alabama did the same thing with racial desegregation and banning inter-racial marriages.For example, although US Supreme Court ruled in 1967 that states could not ban inter-racial marriages, Alabama (and other states) continued to have these (unenforceable) bans on their books. In fact, local Alabama local court judges continued to enforce that ban until the federal government got a federal district court to issue a specific ruling in 1970 against these local judges that they had to comply with the Supreme Court's ruling. Even after that, the Alabama Constitution continued to ban inter-racial marriages until 2000! At that time, although 59% of the voters voted to delete the ban from the Constitution, 41% of Alabama voters still favored banning inter-racial marriages. So...........If these probate "judges" persist, they will be sued, fined, have to pay damages,and maybe imprisoned for criminal contempt. The ones who had stopped issuing ALL licenses to anyone, it's unclear if that's illegal -- although when some Virginia counties tried to close ALL of their public schools rather than de-segregate post-Brown v Board of Education, the US Supreme Court found the closure of ALL public schools to be unconstitutional because it was an effort to block constitutionally-required integration. See we'll see what happens with the Alabama probate judges who refuse all marriages.Federal Judge Callie Granade(a Bush appointee), who "started" all of this, could turn out to be another Judge Frank M. Johnson (an Eisenhower appointee). Google Johnson's name. He repeatedly ordered George Wallace and other state officials, in case after case, to allow African-Americans equal access. He ruled in favor of Rosa Parks in the Montgomery bus discrimination case; he ruled that the Selma-to-Montgomery march must be allowed on March 17, 1965 (after first holding it up until federal protection could be assured, see the movie "Selma"). He was threatened with death hundreds of times and had 24-hour FBI security for years; the Klan burned a cross on the lawn of his mother's house. All of this could happen to Judge Granade, 50 years after the Selma march.MOST IMPORTANT THING RIGHT NOW -- US SUPREME COURT MUST REFUSE TO GRANT ANY STAY. Everything else will fall into line behind that.Posted by: MiddleoftheRoader | Feb 8, 2015 4:13:31 PMIt is most certainly not a "constitutional crisis". A constitutional crisis is when two (or more) branches of the govt clash in a way in which one (or more) refuse to recognize the constitutional authority of the other(s). It also refers to situations in which a nation's constitutional does not or cannot resolve a major issue because its not addressed in the document.Of course, the dimwits at Liberty Counsel want to embiggen this into some sort of BIG THING, because it's in their interests to do so. Just ignore them and, frankly, if you're a couple trying to get married tomorrow and the probate judge refuses, just drive to another town. DO NOT give them a "martyr".Posted by: BobN | Feb 8, 2015 4:21:29 PMDuring Reconstruction, the prior state government was replaced with a federally overseen government. Maybe it's time to do that again.Posted by: Gay Guy | Feb 8, 2015 10:37:43 PMOne of the problems with Judge Moore's hot air memoranda is that they conveniently omit the fact that the consequences of ignoring the federal judge fall on probate judges, not Judge Moore. Any reprobate probate judge will be named in an amended federal court order and injunction in short order.Posted by: Marco Luxe | Feb 8, 2015 11:09:46 PMWhy thank you MiddleoftheRoader. Interesting and applicable bits of post-Confederacy history there.In other news (I just watched the video, bleeacchh), but that was after I just watched Grantchester, the PBS show about the (incredibly gorgeous) Anglican priest in Cambridgeshire in the fifties who implausibly gets tied up in murder investigations with the cop type cop (but with a tarnished heart of gold of course). This week - very pro gay themes, also unlikely for England then, but what the heck. Cottaging involved, and not the kind Mrs. Patmore is buying. Also the assistant pastor is tre gai. Check it out. Probably on pbs.com.Posted by: emjayay | Feb 8, 2015 11:26:40 PMThrow them in jail where, if there's any such thing as justice, they'll get broom-raped like Linda Blair on a daily basis.Posted by: Queer Supremacist | Feb 8, 2015 11:34:00 PMSomeone should challenge whether any of the marriages (or any other legal service they provide) was performed by a competent officer of the court if they decide that they are no longer fit to provide any of the services they have once provided.The secret to a happy marriage is if you can be at peace with someone within four walls, if you are content because the one you love is near to you, either upstairs or downstairs, or in the same room, and you feel that warmth that you don't find very often, then that is what love is all about.